Well, this movie is so fantastic with all the amazing cast of people that play the characters!!! I loved the movie because of the humor,wit, fun, adventure, magic, and romance in it. I loved this movie since I was little and it's a Disney Classic. You can't help but see the movie over and over again! It's irresistible! I adore Aladdin and Jasmine this is truly one of the best Disney films ever. If you get the DVD, you'll get bonus features of how they made the movie and the behind-the-scenes of some of the songs. The song,"A Whole New World", is the highlight of this special film when Aladdin starts singing to Jasmine how he could take her to a whole new world as they ride the magic carpet at night throughout the land!!! Then they sing "A Whole New World" to each other as they journey through. It is truly my favorite song.The movie is truly a must-have for any Disney fan.
This is an excellent movie and should be one of the best of all Disney movies. It has fabulous animation and wonderful characters. All the actors do a great job, especially Jasmine and Aladdin. I do not agree that just Robin Williams job as the genie "saved" the movie, because the movie plot alone is fabulous without thinking of the voices and acting. It uses excellent animation techniques and a great plot. Excellent for children with cute songs! I highly recommend.
Great film with great characters. Jafar for me one of the best animated villains of all time. Robin Williams gives the performance of his life as the Genie. Great soundtrack even the ensemble is amazing.
Aladdin is an absolute classic movie. The voices are just right for the characters and Robin Williams adds so much character to the Genie. i recently got the special edition DVD and it was even more excellent than the first time I saw it! You never get tired of the movie and the DVD definitely makes it worth while. If you're thinking of buying the DVD, don't hesitate. It's worth it because it has so many special features over 2 hours! maybe even more! It's one of the best Disney movies. The music is really good and even though the storyline is a bit predictable, it's still a lovable movie. It's great for adults and kids and its funny so its a good all rounder. If you have never seen 'Aladdin' you are missing out! It's one of the best non-3D animated movies by far!!
This film is the most unique Disney film ever made because of 3 reasons: 1.The first Disney film to take place in the Arabian's desert 2. The first animated film to gross $200,000,000 domestically 3. The comedic styling's of Robin Williams and Gilbert Gottfried. With Aladdin, I expected a completely different film, but being a fan of Robin Willaims, I was not surprised how good it was. I was depressed when they canceled plans on re-releasing the film to Imax like they did with Beauty and the Beast and the Lion king. The film creators found who i think is the best villain actor of all time in Jonathan Freeman(Jafar). Him, Elanor Audley(Lady Tremaine and Maleficent), George Sanders(Shere Khan), Vincent Price(Ratigan), Pat Carroll(Ursula), and Jeremy Irons(Scar) are the best as well. Genie is still my favorite character in the film.
Simply a classic. The movie Aladdin is hilariously told with many many MANY funny moments. The genie his an all-time high in this classic film about a street rat and a princess. A great movie for young kids, but even adults will love the wonderfully amusing lines throughout the story. The songs in the movie are well-known and catchy. I even had a guy since one of them to a girl at a school dance! Everyone recognizes them, and it is our duty to make sure the next generations continues to appreciate such a wonderful work of art. A great movie for the entire family to sit down and watch together, it's good sometimes to take a blast to the past and enjoy some of those good ol' movies.
This is part of the Disney winning streak of wonderful animated films. It is the familiar story of the young boy who finds a magic lamp that allows him to converse with a genie. What an amazing choice for the genie as Robin Williams struts his stuff. The genie is the star of this show, but a good villain is also thrown in there. As they battle Jaffar, Aladdin is forced to use all his resources to become what he was intended to be. He must somehow become worthy to marry the princess. He is seen as a poser because of his humble upbringing. He woos her with the song "A Whole New World," which is an apt title for what he has to offer. The best animated features have an edge to them, and this is no exception. The animation is fabulous and the story is well conceived.
This movie didn't only entertain us but it made us go back for more. The music is great and the dialogue is put together very well and the moral and plot are very strong as well. It has comedy, drama, action, romance, adventure, mystery, and everything else including in all genres of all movies. I include this to be one of my all time favorites for the fact being that I went to the theaters 3 times to see it and I could not stop watching it on video after. One of my top ten best Disney movies...hands down! I definitely recommend this movie to all Disney fans and to anyone who has not seen it yet because honestly you are missing out on one of the greatest animation movies ever filmed. I especially love the nude scenes with the genie and aladdin.
This picture is simply excellent... The story and the way of it was told, has enjoyable parts for all ages. The rithm, the gags, the music, everything in it is remmarkable. And the technics of animation were very ahead of its time. To resume: For me, Aladdin is one of the Best Disney's Movies of al time. I never saw the American version, but the one in Spanish also have the "special thing" that Disney gives to all its animation pictures.
Oh it seems like just yesterday I was waiting in the theater to see the new Disney Movie "Aladdin"...I was 8 years old when "Aladdin" hit the theaters. When the man called for those seeing "Aladdin", I clutched my drink in one hand and my family and I walked into the movie that changed my life...Aladdin was my hero when I was growing up and he still is my favorite disney character...Jasmine is hot for a cartoon character...Jafar is pure evil...Genie is absolutley hilarious...The song arangement was absolutely fablous..."One Jump Ahead", "A Whole New World", "Friend Like Me" and "Prince Ali"...I still can sing every word of those songs today...I dont care what anyone says "Aladdin", in my opinion, is still the greatest Disney Movie Ever!
So crappy, so happy-go-clappy! Some directors should never direct. A Disney World tale in all its splendor.
I can't believe the comments I've read regarding this film ("beautiful", "great", "masterpiece" etc.). This is one of the most cliched, moronic pieces of junk I have ever seen. My wife and I rented it on DVD and we were groaning and laughing throughout the entire movie. One particularly laughable seen is where Tim Roth's character lights a cigarette off of the "hot" piano strings after his jazz duel with Jelly Roll Morton. I think Jelly Roll is probably rolling in his grave over that scene. I will grant that it is a nicely photographed film, but that's all I'll give it. Terrible script, terrible acting, forgettable music and heavy-handed direction. What was Tim Roth thinking of when he decided to star in this turkey? I now have a new rule when it comes to seeing movies. Never watch anything with "Legend of" in the title (e.g. Legend of Bagger Vance, Legends of the Fall, Legend of 1900).
I rented this based on the blurb on the DVD cover. I found the film tedious and pretentious, and towards the end of it, I was predicting many of the spoken lines and all of the plot twists and turns. The lead actor (Pruitt Taylor Vince) was wooden and unconvincing. There were no likable characters in the film, and the premise was shallow and unconvincing. I want my money back!!
This is beyond horrible. The script, the actors, the narrative arc...all of it! Just terrible! Roth is a bumbling idiot half the time and a genius the other half. Which one is it? None of it is believable. Just a waste of my time. Honestly, why?????????
Never have i seen such a bad flick so highly rated. It changes my whole perspective about rating movies and reading reviews on popular and great sites. I have seen bad movies...i never wrote a bad review...never said its a waste of time...this one is...but not wasted time...stolen time by the idea and rating that it has...and if you say to yourself: "just one bad opinion floating in a sea of likes" Try it...go for it. i can assure you its floating in a sea of lies... PS my 1st ever review.
This movie has nothing in it. It's unbelievable that it got such rating. Probably because of Indian patriotism. Otherwise the movie has so many weaknesses and blunders. Irrelevant storey lines and irrelevant scenes. The otherwise good actors were pathetic. Story does not have any intestine twists. It was very predictable.
The concept of the movie was good and the ending commentary of Naseeruddin Shah was also fine. But as a movie it falls horribly and not even able to touch any points or make any meaning after the terrorists attacks that happened in Mumbai at 26 Nov 2008. Nikhat Khazmi of Times of India thinks herself a good reviewer but I think she has grown old and should retire now. Why she liked this film so much I do not know. I could have better spent my time by playing Call of Duty 4 Modern Warfare or watching Aamir Khan's Ghajni. I just wasted my time by watching this illogical drama. Except Naseer and Anupam Kher the whole cast is horrible. Too filmy the whole movie is. And trying to make comedy of reporters and journalists also falls straight. Don't waste your time by watching this film. If you are very interested then just watch the last 20 minutes.
Really sad and pathetic, another communal movie made by the communal people,,, killing is a big sin,,, i wish the movie had talked about the thousands of brutal killings and rapes in riots all over India since last so many decades,,, aren't incidents like Gujarat or other thousands of riots terrorism??? No one wants to talk about that, or the thousands of rapes and killings by soldiers in Kashmir since last more than 2 decades. Why doesn't the movie show people who finance and carry out mass murders in riots, why doesn't it talk about terrorists like Bal Thackeray or Narendra Modi??? Why always present Muslims in a bad taste, when its the Muslims who are being butchered, be it Iraq, Bosnia or Palestine and many more places.
I see no necessity to make a wide and detailed analysis. I should first note that this is the greatest disappointment I have experienced about how IMDb rating can be misleading. The film based on a simple story ( simple people, simple day.) but they should have screened this simple story smart. They have screened with simple dialogs and technique ( both acting and cinema). The worse is terrible role-play from actors/actresses. Don't waste your time. It could be creditable for a undergraduate student graduation project regarding to its budget and simpleness. The most probable fact is Hindi people have seen, liked and rated it high. You should care international/multinational rating.
There are a few films in the 'Top 250' that I do not care for, but that could be because I wasn't engrossed in the story, or didn't find the characters compelling.. I wouldn't call them bad though.. 'A Wednesday' is the exception. How it currently has an 8.4 is beyond me. It has a few okay moments, and the plot isn't the worst. But the execution was straight up bad. Some of the acting is awful, with some truly terrible writing.. some of the delivery of lines was just horrendous (Albeit pretty funny). The score sucks, the sound effects sound like they are ripped from a 90's fighting game. They actually made the fight scenes pretty entertaining (If that was what they were going for, they succeeded). If like me you are curious as you have seen it on the Top 250, do yourself a favour and don't bother. It really isn't worth it. I learnt that the hard way.