y’all aren’t ready for the videos I’m about to unleash for  birthday.
Normal is boring Sending you love & healing vibes. The rough stuff won't last forever, but it gives you perspective as to what the good really is
Definitely do it make sure you’re talking to the camera not just showing where you’re walking through also when you’re doing a bike ride you should be able to get a mike to be able to talk about what you’re doing where you going
There's something about #PennyDreadful and monsters searching for their humanity when all hope seems losts that pulls me in. In particular, the most tortured fierce & equally fragile Vanessa Ives who was created for the series & somehow to me managed to eclipse all others
Good choice, love the game to make hard or easy courses
(1/3) Meet the Warriors team headed out to Big Bend National Park, Texas next week! This expedition was made possible by the generous support of  Learn more here: http://bit.ly/2mtuY98
Yeah, people are confusing patriotism to loyalty to an office. Even the presidency needs to be harsh scrutiny. Im tire of these a so called Good Men who have a career Honored Service pretending to value The People's Democracy.
the fully sublimated bisexual. or the homosexual « friend »
No secrets here folks! Just damn excited to get the season started! If you’re in DC we hope to see you at Channel on Friday! If not, see if there’s another meetup by you! #isles #islesdc #onlydiehards
When an actor cannot break from the role he's played over a long period of time, a disconnect with reality takes place.
The sooner I start the better, milady. *He pays careful attention to where you are walking to make sure you won't get harmed in any way.*
i dont know anything abt differencials em. i literally dont know anything this professor is saying most of the time and i always feel like dying
i’m surprised one of the lion’s clues isn’t “you might say i’m a big shot in a movement that has celebrities everywhere brainwashed and innocent people being tortured!”  #TheMaskedSingerau #Scientology
Still recovering a bit from #TwitchCon2019 but the experience was amazing and I cannot wait to do it again. It was great to meet so many people that I have met through the platform and it has energized me in streaming more and more.
Gorgeous! I had my 5 year old with me when I had to pick up my antidepressants, and I told her I was getting my happy pills because I need help being happy sometimes. When the pharmacist handed them over, she got this huge smile and yelled "yay! You can be happy again!"
#Localization is one of the best ways to bridge the gap between people with different languages, cultures and geographic location. https://hubs.ly/H0kW1RC0
What good defense? His behavior in the Ukraine affair was already indefensible. He’s just digging a hole to China instead of his own grave now.
We want to express a big thank you to all those who ran with us this year! We had such a blast at each of our locations this year and we cannot wait for more colorful fun! Be sure to follow us on Facebook and Twitter to stay in the know with all things color fun! Thank you again!
When I know I want my drink cold I put one in the fridge....
Congratulations! I live in one if the most violent cities in the USA where we could use a mamma like yours!
She didn't seem to mind much, curling up against him with a relaxed sigh. Well, she's comfortable. The pain she was still able to feel even in her current state seemed to dissipate, and she was left warm and cozy. Hopefully she'd be good as new soon. She wanted blood.
This has gotta be an all time low - Thanks for citing the ever liberal  you’re killin it
Thanks for the nice words Nina! 4 years in, still depending on Bob Timmerman, other collaborators, and UTSW’s rep to gift me these things. Always humbled to be a part of the ride with them. Looking forward to your PULSAR and other trials to do the same and more!
— fam u know i am all over this yO we opened Miracle_1230V and there’s THREE OF THEM and there’s a good handful that are in the survey stage,,, I rt’ed a couple just now im waiting for…
Don't you know that you can count me out Don't you know it's gonna be All right, all right, all right You say you got a real solution Well, you know We'd all love to see the plan You ask me for a contribution Well, you know We're doing what we can
This^^^ nobody is perfect, we all do dumb things in the heat of the moment.
Birth month na naten mami.. Team libra for the win hahahahhah PopMYXTuesLove KIANO
I haven’t been in this fandom for a long time, it’s been 2 years so far but what I could tell new/baby armys is to be yourself, never feel ashamed to be yourself bc the boys and armys will love you no matter what and don’t listen to rumors. #TheGroup #BTS #PCAs
Love to continuing being the face you see before scheduling your pap Happy to continue supporting
Exactly. Can say the same thing for goalies. Personally, I highly doubt Mike Smith is a marked improvement over the performance we *could have * gotten from Louis Domingue if we had a spot open to pick him up.
if my prom dress doesn’t look like margot robbie’s dress from the 2016 met gala i’m not even going there’s no point
Yeah actually - the CO - NC gap is remarkably stable: CO was 9 pts more D in ‘04, 9 pts more D in 08, 7 pts more D in ‘12, 9 pts more D in ‘16.
May you have the courage to face and overcome all challenges that come your way this month. May u be gallant and valiant in the face of every obstacle. May you end the month victorious. Happy new month This is my month #Oct25, if you were born this month, what Date? #OctoberWish
i just want to be able to do that sly smirk cis guys do ya know the one
WarioWorld is their most successful title they’ve made commercially. Too bad it’s their most divisive. The last Nintendo exclusive game they made was S&P2. But that didn’t get good sales. :(
Next up, to prevent impaired driving we take away the license of sober drivers.
Trump is cheering himself on for fixing something that he actually attempted to break! All he did was lift the tariffs that would have caused Apple to produce them elsewhere. So, he basically almost lost America a bunch of jobs. Don the con.
It's not the lies that you know, those bigger lies hidden behind those initial lies that destroy a person.
Smile as much as you like when you leave the room, they will say look at that one from a shithole country. We need or good people back home fighting for good governance and not photobops
Jason can you do the original songs you did on the 2007 tour? I think it was Share My World and Talking in your sleep or something like that?
Please post a video of your  waitress saying something about our #Moneyball contest to qualify for the two free tickets. Thanks!
Nobody respects a Mouth that has nothing behind the words that come out. It’s Tony Montana time.
I believe they went through the formal 301 exclusion request with USTR. It looks like computer parts are on the list https://www.federalregister.gov/documents/2019/09/20/2019-20442/notice-of-product-exclusions-amendment-to-the-exclusion-process-and-technical-amendments-chinas-acts …
Hey Jim question for you? Why is the Facebook group running coordinated harassment campaigns targeting leftist demonstrators called the "Newstalk 1010 listener's group?" Love to hear an excuse for that one...
This IT manager recounts a 2015 #cyberattack and how managed detection and response has transformed the city’s #security posture. https://hubs.ly/H0l003P0 #Nevada #technology #city
(2/3) The team will explore some of the most remote land in the southern U.S. by foot and boat. Surrounded by stunning desert terrain, participants will fully immerse themselves in the No Barriers Life, overcoming physical and mental challenges and forging lasting relationships.
omg 2020 is going to be the year of mira with normal titties.....this is a good omen and a reminder to vote for bernie
So please join  and myself tomorrow night at the same time. http://www.blogtalkradio.com/feuersteinsfire
One of the most freeing things we learn in life is that we don’t like everyone, everyone doesn’t like us, and that’s okay. #ALDUBxADNRespectOurElders
The Cognitive Model Situation - Something happens. Thought - The situation is interpreted. Emotion - A feeling occurs as a result of the thought. Behavior - An action in response to the emotion.
True. It would take Kev about 6 hours of nonstop talking to answer all of the questions. Lol
Husband got the company loge for the Black Keys concert tonight. Most people are in here for the free beer, I just want the private bathroom.
Yall knew yall get taxes taken out your check by the feds but they give it to the Federal reserve and the FR have nothing to do with federal government Some bullshit Federal reserve is a bank made up of wealthy families that the US owe over an agreement that we didn’t make
when bucciarati says giorno always gives him courage, that’s one of the most powerful representations of camaraderie to me I’m always thinking about it The end message too about your struggles being someone else’s hope love JoJos and part 6 is great too
Can government alone deliver citizen safety? Find out the crucial collaboration needed to make societies safer in 's report. Sign-up:https://pwc.to/SafeScr
I don’t want to go to the gym, but my gut tells me I should be going to the gym
My phone's already been repaired. And he had a new change of style. Now I want it more than before.
Watching PS I love you for the first time & might not be emotionally ready for it
So I bought another Wii to HDMI adaptor. The first one I bought had really bad audio when connecting my Wii to my Elgato. Here's hoping that I can get this to work. I REALLY wanna play the original Animal Crossing on stream. Fingers crossed!!
Cheers to the last night at TC2019. Love this group and everyone that I had the pleasure to meet every single day these past four days! #TwitchCon2019 #TwitchCon
|| Otherwise, I'll only be able to respond when I have time to check the accounts directly or am at the laptop. Please... have patience with me. I am not ignoring anyone. I am not avoiding anyone.
i was in a one month vacation in our province in Masbate and OH MY GOD we didnt have ANY INTERNET CONNECTION . so when this episode aired what i did is i traveled for an hour to go to the nearest advanced city that has internet cafes, tried to watch it,,
Maybe he's trying to force the Interim CEO angle, maybe music is his calling and Jim's ready to take over /kidding...
I thought the synopsis wasn’t confirmed like we just found it one day somewhere and went “yeah this sounds real”
it does remind me of the funniest thing that happened to me in a job when i worked at toys r us, again in a seasonal position, actually the winter right before they went under one of the supervisors was a chode, especially to us seasonal workers who had to learn the job fast
University group presentations need squad depth too. I might not crush the literature review or find the best sources. But will I bring extra chargers? Yup. Fill their Yeti water bottles? For sure. Add memes, work on the layout & fonts? 100%. Takes a team to win a championship.
We should ask every Democratic Candidate if she promises to investigate Ivanka’s emails, Jared’s $$$to save 666, and all of the business patents granted by China and other countries. Better yet, China should kick the Trump family out for good!
I lack the necessary INT to do something like them, they are lucky as heck tho.
Let’s encourage and harness the energy and talent of our young boys too. We desperately need more engineers and scientists whatever the gender!
We are a nation with challenges, today we must remind our leaders & ourselves to take responsibility of the happenings in our society, for no amount of Independence can improve human condition. We have no other country, Nigeria is home & I am hopeful! Happy Independence Day
Felicia Hardy v.s. Mary Jane from the animated series choose wisely
Left: A real tweet from the President of the United States Right: Anyone who has ever taught public opinion in any class ever.
This is so funny because we legit were fucking screaming this and they could probably hear us the whole time
What if it’s Justin Harley who previously played Adam Newman on The Young and the Restless.
Mueller did that well enough on his own. Maybe he shouldn't have let Weissmann run roughshod over the whole country.
good stuff I never get it either especially when the piece you really need is under the fridge
I'm like, living and dying by the 12x3 low weight mantra because it's worked so well for me
Although we didn't take a picture,  and I got to spend the day hearing feedback from the students in  's class. It was incredibly motivating to learn about all the reasons they love Pennington! We can't wait to speak with more classes!
President Trump: “Some things maybe the public shouldn’t see because they are so bad,” Trump said, making clear it wasn’t damaging to him, but to others. “Maybe it’s better that the public not see what’s been going on with this country.”
Its prove how golcha really monitoring and watching us. #우리도_보고싶어_사랑해 Remember how jangjun ever said he read all the comment? Yeah he must be always did it........ Goldenness lets pour them with much much more love
Ok sekarang like too early in the morning pula nak cakap pasal ni hahah. Sabar sat.
I appreciate the offer, but atm I am not looking to pay for any inorganic growth.
I dont have many pictures of myself on my own phone (there are some somewhere out there) but this one has to be one of my favorites ^^ Had a blast hanging out with not only some of the most amazing people I also got to hang out with my best friend ^^ I dont show myself much ^^”
The Jack Britt fan reaction after the PA announcer said the Pinecrest/71st score was priceless.
Oh come on, my friends at  are 9 followers short of 10K followers on Instagram.  They are quite innovative, I've been using their gear in studio for a while now for everything from flash stands to the arms that hold entire setups together!
I lost my pell grant and I’ve gone through most of college taking out minimal loans and now my last year is what’s gonna put me in the most debt. Awesome.
Prefer not to post here but on the channel discord there will be a dedicated section for the beta so that would be the best place for it.
You'll love it! I hope you have the chance to travel soon :)
Another friend knows someone who travels out of the country frequently for work. She buys clothes suitable for her job, then gives them to the chambermaids and has room in her luggage to bring home things she buys while she's overseas.
Thank you for 200 followers!! Don't forget to preorder or look at what i offer in my shop on the link in my pinned
Thanks! One of the next steps is to find a position to get me back out into the field doing trials again!
So wait, is this like, people type up scenarios and you voice them?
The most I’ve paid it $300-something I would honestly pay up to $500 to see Stevie. No one else though.
He didn't stand with Tamils during srilanka issue. But what is happening now is we are seeing precedent by law that they can use the 'too intelligent to be given bail'
Glad I don't use this gym! The CEO of Planet Fitness Donated to Donald Trump #Topbuzzhttp://va.topbuzz.com/s/jTsymk
Thank God for having the ability to be self-aware, because it’s really uncommon.
When was the last time Colt played more than one game?
Top story: The Green Sheet :: Breaking News , see more http://tweetedtimes.com/v/20317?s=tnp
I really want to know what went through the Vikings mind that they thought it would be smart to leave Reiff 1 on 1 with Mack
another tour, another day of hoping I can meet the stage managers please  see you tomorrow xoxo
Because I work in multiple different classrooms across the school, it is really helpful to have resources that are for each classroom and support students’ specific needs. Any and all support is so greatly appreciated!
You’re a stud!!! CSU got a good one. Cant wait to see all the great things you do!!
guy singing on U right now outside of &pizza has the best “singing on the street” voice i’ve ever heard
As annoying as the draw was, this was a perfect showcase of why VAR is necessary. Arsenal would have had a perfectly legit goal disallowed because of an error by the linesman if VAR wasn't utilised. #MUNARS
No nation is perfect. No country has it all. Let us think of something we can do for our beloved nation to make it a place where the citizens are safe in good health, wealth, peace and happiness. Here’s wishing all Nigerians -home and away- a safe and Happy Independence Day!
Ha ha ha, you and your special council run the phoney one sided partisan impeachment for BJ, and now you are are siding with Manchurian candidate.
Congratulations to  for 100 episodes! They’re the godfathers of WVU sports podcasts. Check them out if you haven’t already. http://Section304podcast.com
 launches in 1 hour with our very first episode!  and  will take you behind the headlines to help get you in the know! Only on the  Streamong App!
I’ve learned two important things in life. I can’t recall the first one, but the second one is that I need to start writing things down.
So, I log all the traffic on my network. Looks like my brother-in-law was on grindr this morning. That was a fun conversation with my wife. #FuckMyLife #LogsNeverLie
AND HE DID IT AT THE BORDER BY ACQUIRING 27.000 MEXICAN SOLDIERS. NOT THESE CRY BABIES AND LOSERS IN THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY!
Style matters. Ain’t just about the what. It’s about the how too. Don’t let them tell you diff.
With all the beautiful women that exist in this world and the hectic beauty standards online y'all are mad to assume we aren't insecure.
Top story: : 'Today, we approved the Dubai E-commerce Strategy, supporting economic diversification to reinforce the city’s position as a regional global logistics platform, with initiatives to attract le… , see more http://tweetedtimes.com/v/20312?s=tnp
My mental image of pissing in a cup has been forever altered. It was about having to take a UA, now it's the lovely image of a hot sexy woman taking a wiss,lol. Hope U are well and not sad.
Listen to Rough Riders lofi chiptune mix(the pastels cover) by chanmees #np on #SoundCloudhttps://soundcloud.com/user-780224236/rough-riders-lofi-chiptune-mix …
Were live come join the fun rivals and more completing ndombele https://youtu.be/SBIJpdsg8aE
Within these next few chilly/cold months take more time for self care. The cold with less sun makes things appear dim. Love self, bathe better... with ME natural. . . https://www.menaturals.net/product/bathe-and-body-soak/ … . #bathandbody #Bathbomb #detox #detoxbath #himalayanpinksalt
Coz that song it's the only hope wizkid has this year...But he ain't the owner...Even he didn't write a single line in that Song... Or u want to compare Ghetto Love or Joro to Blowmymind?
owned my boomer unix teacher super hard by telling him abt the shit he said.. he shredded the laserjet printouts portraits he made
She eagerly reaches for the robe, noticing immediately that it’s much heavier than her armor has ever been and it makes her grunt a bit. But once she’s used to it, she shrugs and and slips it on, looking at him with a wide smile. It drops to her feet and she feels ->
So, I have been hesitant to create a “wishlist” because, well, our schools should be fully funded. But, as the year goes on, I’ve noticed that I could really use some extra supplies. I’ve created a wish list to support my 4th-8th grade ESL students’ learning.
I think he sometimes cares more about the technical side of his films than the performance and writing sides, but when he *does* invest in character work, it shows. Hard to believe Ice Storm, Brokeback Mountain, Life of Pi, and Hulk are all by the same person.
This has been going on for decades, facilitated by all the people on Wall Street, and in Silicon Valley, DC, and Springdale, who have steered the US Government away from protecting national and global security in order that they might profit from Chinese slave labor & markets.
the only thing motivating me to get through my last lecture today the power and influence that 4k move seungyoun fancam has over me
With this Reds team it does hurt to hope cause they will let you down. They will make smart baseball moves bit not the ones fans want with their hearts.
HA HA HA HA!!!! Breitbart “News”!!! That’s pathetic. The fact that it wasn’t 100% on a propaganda/conspiracy theory generating website is hilarious!!! Trump is such a loser. #TrumpImpeachment
Stay focused on Ukraine. Don't get off track. The American people don't have time to follow. Remember Mueller report. Too much to take in.
Gattuso is the best manager we've had since Allegri, change my fucking mind.
Shots for the bar. One for every new news story of the day, two for every breaking news that  gets interrupted by. On me. #inners Somebody pop the popcorn, please!
The sky is super yellow, there's lightning, and I can feel drops now and then, I don't like this XP
Yup. That was my problem with Helf and Co: they couldn’t bring in the right guys and couldn’t develop them to save their freaking lives. How tf so we out ourselves in a position where Lockie is our QB2 lol
But I am glad I switched to morning classes. That frees up my daytime hours so I can work. I hate the job hunting process.
If we are friends and you’re not planning on coming to visit me at school within the next month... you are cut... im OVER it.. I miss u all.
Interesting that a Top 3 candidate did an interview today with their spouse & their dog! I think someone is feeling the Pete Wave HEAT from  &  & realizing what social media rock stars they are & great surrogates for Pete & is taking notice! #Pete2020
what a fine thread of people who think people with sensory issues don't deserve to leave the house.
hope this will be the begining of a friendship for someone or you will make the day of someone a little better
So help me, I guess I'm watching Raw. The roommate's boyfriend is over and I've succumbed to peer pressure. I haven't seen an episode in at least three or four years.
Can y'all pls do me a big, giant, humongous favor...When y'all go live pls hold the still so I won't have a headache after !
The entire SNH48 Today team extend best wishes to all our Chinese readers from the People's Republic of China on their national holiday
But are we sure, given her history, that Hillary didn't fall under the house?
Mistrust of the industry, absolutely. I’ve posted my 1099s and results publicly every year and unlike most touts (even if it’s usually unwarranted) I have *never* had my credibility as a profitable winning player questioned. Why wouldn’t you?
Voted BXP EU elecs. I'd vote for Boris, despite saying I'd never vote for Tories again after May era If Boris' hands are genuinely tied & parl forces extension I won't hold Boris accountable. How can I. & I won't seek to "punish the Tories" because it'll just jeopardise Brexit
Oh, me too. It’s a good way to burn out, and an even better way to get people to take advantage of you. I hope you’re getting the respect you deserve these days.
everyone please if you see negative people spewing negative things about ANYONE; please just report and block and move along. interacting and trying to argue is giving them the attention they want and gives them a better chance of going viral. please stop interacting, be smarter.
Hey   we started the Halloween #IOT project last night. Got the kid signed up for a  account and he’s learning to code and layout some circuits. We did blinky & gave him a dev kit & book. Now he and his dad are gonna build an additional one! #Win
He didn’t win 2016 on his own merits. He had to beg Russia to attack the USA and spread misinformation. And even then he only got the EC by under 80k votes, stil lost the popular vote. He knows he can’t win 2020 w/o foreign interference. He’s already begged multiple countries.
So does this mean pre-forsaken players like myself can finally get a bow, or are they like D1 Swords where they were locked behind the dlc paywall indefinitely?
The #Yankees will win the #WorldSeries. AGREE or DISAGREE? #MLB #FallClassic #NFL #NHLhttps://www.pscp.tv/w/cGKOfTEzMzU0NjI0fDFEWHh5cFFyVmVuSk29Q5FPA6La189aeLScBmAbnHjrs7cYGk-SM7IZxKZHTw== …
Well that’s a good thing further she is away from those clowns the better
DEADLINE EXTENDED to 14 OCT - Thinking about #librarians, #libraries and #diversity? Join the discussion 's 'Libraries and the Community' Symposium Feb 2020. Papers submitted may be published in  More info here: https://bit.ly/2mlvFRp #auslibchat
Finally catching #FTWD Season 5.  you're a lovely addition to the family
S O L D 104 Larchdale Crescent located in Fraser’s Grove is officially SOLD! Congratulations to our sellers and to the buyers on the sale of this incredible home! Thank you for choosing The Greg Michie Team as…
Ira is incredible and has THE BEST LAUGH and you are obvs super incredible and awesome too
Justin’s so whipped and happy, HE will give us content in the coming days with a cute ass caption about his wife. bet.
Thanks for tweeting with us today, we're signing out for the night! We'll be back at 10AM ET to answer any questions you might have. ^WA
5/But it has taken time for Humans to Mature in this current cycle- There is RIGHT NOW the Window of Opportunity to Return to the Moon and to Mars. We have now a greater Technology to tackle these problems. Recently, the site of Atlantis was located- not where we thought. But
Yes! Would you be able to tune into the show on UK time?
This year most of all with 2k are the badges and how you set them up to compliment how You play or what your team needs.
THANK YOU FOR RELEASING THE AUDIO TAPE SIR MAGA MAGA
I could think for hours and write for days, but the truth is people are not poetry. At times i might feel like a word that no one has learnt to define.. But its okay to be rough around the edges and to be complex. And i'm much more than i can write, because people are not poetry.
Nausea, upset stomach, vertigo, tinnitus, chills, sensitivity to bright screens, headache... the works.
I do??? Have you read my Twitter. I’m MAGA and so is my video. The walk away movement is about Democrats leaving the party and joining us on the Right. You owe me an apology, Sir
> There was that laugh again, but this time it maintained a higher pitch and all in all; she was just happy to be around Rick and not have to worry about the outer interior of the atmosphere. “I’ll tell you what. You let me dye your beard a solid color, and I’ll go back >
Thank you Col Shirley and LHS Raiders for helping us through the ROTC Challenge Course.
lol. it's gonna have to be Canada or Germany...the U.K has it's own special brand of fuckery going on
Look forward to this! My Mother had ( she's gone now) had a policy & the costs went up & up over time. Then when she needed it, it was pretty tricky using/getting benefits when she needed. Really have to read that fine print. I'll stay tuned! Thanks for your great reporting Laz!
*drops 32 cents on the counter* I would like everyone to stfu for one week pls
I found this awesome recording of "Nancy With The Laughing Face" on #Smule:https://link.smule.com/PsK4GCXUp0
ace people have been part of the community for longer than you've been alive
Had your fav seemed enough attention, I sure he'd still be in the house.
HARNESS: REDDING HANOVER for the win at Pocono Downs night!! Congratulations to all connections.
Especially I'm hear ya. Your liked tweets bring my eye candy as well. I see you like the hip thrusting specialties.
My daughter ran her a nice hot bath.... where she went wrong, jumping on that tablet. I jumped my happy ass in the tub. Now she at the door mad af I’m good luv, enjoy
Look at you pretending like you took the budget seriously. You quit negotiating weeks before the deadline.
and if we being honest the country is developing those without a degree or a trade won’t stand a chance getting a job that isn’t mediocre
They do? You can win 10 games against winless team and be first in the division, that doesnt prove youre a good team. it just proves you won. head to head proves it all, and the Lions have won 4 straight
Wow, this is stupid. How on earth does a letter look like a dossier? Do you even know the meaning of the word?
.......... if only you knew Spotify followers are significant to success of the artist
Who will write the letter? We should also adopt something similar to what Venezuela is doing. Get 5 million signatures from the people bring to the UN demanding that the CORE Group stay out of Haiti's business as well as the elite.
Aww. Thank you for the smile, friend. It's sweet to think of you sharing your gaming passion with your sons. As someone who gamed a lot with their dad, I can tell you they'll treasure those memories forever. No doubt about it.
The human spirit is one of ability, perseverance and courage that no disability can steal away.
Like Ryu Walker and Kersh Matchup better against any other team other than maybe the Astro’s.
That’s the exact reason. You can allot a certain amount of personal investment. Sort of like a loan
I want to tell you that this was a true homage to SW, and you being the face of that franchise, just shit on a little boy for liking SW. Get some self awareness man.
You have to have a sense of humour when you work in live news. They’re a great bunch, we’ve made some lifelong friends there. They also have a bronze bust of Elvis and a small statue of Darth Vader that sits on the server.
“I have always been a lone wolf and in the real sense of the word (people say it all the time but it's usually not true.) I feel like I watch people and I wonder why they do things. Especially when it comes to love and relationships: most of the time I am thinking (1/3)
I'd have thought a 'trigger' is for the purpose of giving the player the option to extend an existing contract, based on certain KPI's, but as mentioned, player surely doesn't HAVE to extend. Same situation as Casbolt. Got a 1 year trigger, but wants 2, so hasn't yet exercised it
JOIN THE CAMPAIGN! Brandon Straka and the #WalkAway Movement Call on Trump to Release His Own #WalkAway Testimony (VIDEO) https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2019/09/join-the-campaign-brandon-straka-and-the-walkaway-movement-call-on-trump-to-release-his-own-walkaway-testimony-video/ … via
praying for a clean heart and mind I pray the lord heals me where ever I’m hurt and do nothing but move me forward - my cousins words
The world is just very draining and overwhelming today, I can’t seem to be able to mentally focus on anything without feeling drained. I just really want warm comfort food and to watch a comfort movie
Bey. I in lil generals shopping like an average bahamian. And out of no where a whole cat sitting in the middle of the floor I’ve never been so confused yet entertained
What’s new? The man has shown ad nauseam that he doesn’t have much personal knowledge about many matters.
I have very little hope in the future of our democracy. But then  &  are running for President.
I’m still rooting for you! You’ll find your guy but looking forward to the huge announcement!
Ninaad Music Festival is getting ready from 1-3 November 2019, at Sursadan Agra, to celebrate its 55th edition in the memory of Pt.Vishnu Digamber Paluskar ji.organised by Pt.Raghunath Talegaonker Foundation Trust & SKK, Agra in association with Pracheen Kala Kendra, Chandigarh.
Love to be at the whims of landlords & building managers who won't pick up a phone or return a call!!!
Why do people think it’s okay to uninvite everyone to their wedding the week of the wedding? Like WHAT, I’ve had to change my plans for this now no ones invited
it's been a good run. at least I got the butler thing off my chest?
930 am to 1130am every Sunday at our church: The Well at Surf City. We will pay for the background check.
That would make sense since okereke was playing the mike. But walker also said he had the defensive communication in his helmet and was giving okereke the call.
Better than Santa, Jesus offers it all year long. Better than a genie, Jesus didn't give a three wish limit. Let's build confidence in the words of Christ rather than limit and mock them with our ideas.
A cleanse from social media and a refreshing of the mind is what everyone needs. People are trapped by their phones always checking it to see the likes and shares. It keeps you way from the important things in life
saw this meme and i remember my cousin asked me what's the language of korea and i answered hangyul lmao
Wow, that would be 2 accidental presidents in a row! He seems follow Trumps lead, so he would be lost without him, until the Koch directs him on what to do. #ImpeachmentNow #ImpeachTrumpNow #DemocraticDebate
ok but joys white microphone pocket in the back looks like a bunny tail when you see it peek a lil djdke joy bunny
“Yes, it is God who is working in you. He helps you want to do what pleases Him, and He gives you the power to do it.” Philippians 2:13
Ohh yeah idk I feel like I've always heard sad stories when the screen is the tablet. Tech is so touchy you'd think for the price it would be more durable
My sister take the best pics of me I love when she here
Oh no! ;_; I mean... oh yeah, that's the coming of age thing for bbq masters. You're a master hostess now, which means you can cook for famous people. BBQ skills +1. (I'd never make something like this up >_>) Seriously though, ouch, I hope it heals fast! <3
Is Rick Perry still the Secretary of Energy? This is a real question I can’t keep up anymore.
Yes, instant is a bit scary! I remember my mom drinking it! She's advanced, however, with the rest of us!
 thanks for your service set to end next year. Whether you believe in the inherent value of all humanity or not; and whether you positively acted on that belief or not, your service, again ending next year, deserves thanks. Best of luck to your opponent next year.
A really fun part of adult life is when you and your husband call your apartment office several times throughout the day over something really important and get voicemail every single time We've called over four times
We’d like to thank Patty Cuyler of village.harmony for joining us this fall - she’ll be helping us learn extraordinary folk music from the nation of Georgia.
This is apparently from the annual, and is not the conclusion to the Bat/Cat romance.
Sorry snowflake.... the 100% effectiveness was added by me...because non-gun owners like you cannot think realistically. This hypothetical does not exist.... so I didn’t consider it a valid argument... it was a Strawman!
Has a writer’s room ever had a better day than the 2019 Writer’s Room on September 30th, 2019?
//Cetah has officially become best friends with the fishes ~
A lot of it has to do with the whole "comparison is the thief of joy" thing here in such a consumerist place. It doesn't matter to people that they're far better off than someone across the globe in X, Y, or Z...it matters to them that they can't have what their neighbor has.
I am pretty sure I RT, because I always retweet to the wonderful person kind enough to put these lists together. Thank you Sami (I use a phone. Not the easiest way to look for my tweets). Please follow and Retweet
I'm the same god damn way that's why Dominique is my only fuckin friend
Every NL playoff team especially the Dodgers are happy the 2019 #Mets didn't make! 2020 I'm guaranteeing the Mets not only make the playoffs they'll be in the World Series and be the favorites! #MetsTwitter
Lol just goan watch the live again in the beginning
Considering binance just became the #1 SR I think we're ok
I want to thank  ,  and  for producing vital podcasts for Canadians, during the lead up to #elxn43. Truly great work - Thank you!
Heard in a documentary about cutting people out of voter,rolls. (The KS sec of state) speaking of the Koch brothers, he said "There are no victimless billionaires" describing how Koch brothers paid OK Indians for only one barrel if oil for every 3 they took from reservation
...the move kills as well. I thought it was -8, but it was the sourspot. Which is, really, about as good. And yes FAir is also busted beyond belief on shield. K. Rool's shield safety is actually really stupid.
It tells kids that they don't need to be "mature" to be a man. Spongebob is already a man because willingness to help others in their time of need. I want our schools teaching that rather than letting becoming popular and keeping to themselves as the ideal person.
Lmao and flooding that pussy ok the whole Caribbean done tek we fa fool boh
Whenever I see too good to be true titles, like these, it’s always from this channel and I told myself I’m never going to watch one more of his videos because 99.9% of the time it’s Clickbait or straight up lies
For sober October I will be quitting all drugs weed, alcohol, and even caffeine. I set the goals for myself 1. Run 50 cumulative miles 2. Create two apps
First project of the year was introduced today! Feel free to join us next week for THE INTERVIEW! if you’re able!!! I’m excited to see our historians conquer this first great challenge and COME BACK WITH THEIR SHIELDS!!!
That is something I'm not aware of.... But thank god its not bad as the period cramp
Last minute winner just got given offside for this!!
To establish a Public Inquiry into the conduct of the 2016 EU Referendum. 91,985 You can get it over 100k. Do it. Please
Eres la mejor fotógrafa ever, love you to the moon and back!
With five different goal scorers, GCS downs Faith Baptist. GCS moves to 9-5 on the year.
I won’t go into the detail Arnold did, but the feeling of a pump is hard to beat. #medtwitter #orthotwitter #fitness
Under a scenario with long-term interest rates in the U.S. falling below zero, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods (KBW) analysts forecast 2021 earnings estimate for Charles Schwab $SCHW would drop by 61%. Yikes!https://on.mktw.net/2lkSh4g
Mum warned me about the screaming humans but hey were you perfect as a human puppy
We already know that I exude bottom energy so doing the top 5 emoji thingy would be redundant. But I didn't also just set out to top people last night for no reasons other than to top them.. .unless I don't know what is this energy but I'll no longer question why.
I totally agree. look at paul ryan.. if anybody needed to be gone he , to me, was the biggest pos and needed gone..plus we have a pile of deepstate hangers on
Crazy cat mom chronicles part 17: Lecturing my cat on why he shouldn’t lick the inside of the sink and that he has a precious baby immune system to protect
I truly hope this was a “bait” scenario like I’m seeing on Twitter. I do trust that we are exposing the deep state and this was necessary to get to the end
I just want to turn the holofoil cover sideways to see the image
that's a good point. I do notice some people going "ugh, Kanto AGAIN?" when let's go eevee/pikachu came out, but GSC... I feel like because it added so much to the original games, fixed so much, added breeding and all of Kanto (minus dungeons) in, it's hard to hate on.
ain't it crazy!!! damn i miss BlogTV it would've been still such a great tool for Influencers today! FB and IG Live just aint the same
.Time for more people who actually care enough to join the party then isn't it.
Now playing THE STREETKING DJ'S by !https://streettakeoverradio.airtime.pro/
It’s called common sense why would the tweet refer to men who are faithful and taken care of their partner... ask yourself if that makes sense that faithful main is trash. It’s just common sense
Mike Smith tried that yo-yo trick he pulled in the #Alysheba & it didn’t work out so well this time
Yep it’s one the first things that popped in my mind
Everyone needs to send an email or mail the house Ethics Committee and denounce this corruption and the lies coming out of the Congressional majority. It's super easy to do just make the effort.
We had an impromptu show of student work at what we called the Galley Gallery on the #schooner American Eagle.. It was crowded. Two paintings sold. An amazing evening. #workshop #watercolor #windjammer #mainecoast @…
 what do i have to do to have you attention for a casual talk within the universe
37 Breathtaking Color Photographs of the American South Taken by William Eggleston in the Late 1960s and Early 1970s http://www.vintag.es/2016/05/37-breathtaking-color-photographs-of.html …
All I can say is #Joro is a Vibe  God bless you for this melody, #Joro is for the soul spiritual
Trump may work with them bc he wants whats best for the USA BUT I will be damned if TRUMP should work with PELOSI or SCHUMER Have them send the best they have to speak with TRUMP. JUST NOT THOSE 2 SCOUNDRELS  ANyone else agree?
My name is Tan Jie Ying, and I'm an #ActuallyAutistic student in English with Creative Writing with several published short stories. My family is full of "self-suspecting" autistics, but only one is officially diagnosed. I myself only started the diagnosis process in 2018.
Literally all the time >< and then like which sirah I used after Fatihah
My god he was right, wasn't he. Time and time again the speeches of Tony Benn predicted exactly what we are seeing now. If only my elders had listened!
You are delusional because you saw nothing wrong with J Biden protecting his son. And you are irrational because you can not use objective reasoning to look at the facts. Is that clear enough for you
Thank you, Lynn. What you don't see is me sauntering down the aisle, sniffing all the food bags even though Joy told me to "come." All in good time, Joy.
Before Jesus return , restoration Of ALL things must take place first . Hallelujah “For he must remain in heaven until the restoration of all things has taken place, fulfilling everything that God said long ago through his holy prophets.” Acts 3:21 TPT
feel like im stuck in liminal space. somewhere on the outside, nowhere feels right.
The communication driven use case allows issuers (say Investment Banks) to continue to drive calculation of the event from existing quant libraries (there are a number of reasons why you might want to keep doing this)....
Thoughts on Green Day making a “theme song” for the NHL: I love it as a song for the NHL. As a GD song? Meh. But that doesn’t matter it was written for the NHL not to be an album song (as far as I know). So to the people bitching: get over it.
I think his plan to restructure the economy is already the biggest solution he has to fight corruption hes saying it without saying it hes saying it by giving a solution on how to fix it. Incentivise corporations toward a human centered economy
The girl who made up the incedent is being raised by her grandparents. I’m not going to blame them though
Ok but when did the Mach 5 grow wings. Sorry im not caught up with all of my speed racer lore
Two seconds in the Group chat and it’s pure comedy
Hello Tony, sorry for the long hold times. If you can DM me the account information I can help you out here. ^Taylan
Bro, multiplayer dreaming, God need needs to send the next update
Yes. I miss my car with that. Between that and the gps barking orders I zoned out so much while driving.
yall in zelda we form q triforce and. my bd has called it "a really cool triangle" and "the pyramid"
https://youtu.be/hf2CxZPl7KI Imagine the most healthy, fulfilling future that you can. Refine, make it more realistic, and choose that everyday.
Time to re-read the immortal Puckoon by Spike Milligan.
Draymond Green is still my favorite warrior. Love the attitude, style of play and impact. Dude has it all
Dox all of them, let the citizens take care of them.
Listen with a good speaker system. Good headphones might work. Let's send this around in the #SaveTheOA community. #Eurythmics #SweetDreams #SeeTheOA
Our “Queens of the Court” Best Effort:  Most Creative:  Homecoming Queen:
someone uploaded the best scene from all of it pt 2 onto tumblr so finally i can know peace and watch it whenever I need a tiny bit of joy
The Impact of Lunar Dust on Human Exploration (Upcoming meeting).
you trust trump over a registered republican and former vietnam veteran. Oh my. The “blue lives matter” “respect the troops” folks are pearl clutching today.
I’ve got #Nationals winning the #NLWildCard on TBS.
the only way your position makes sense is if X = YZ and House has no greater authority in an impeachment than they do for normal oversight. In any case, your position was not the authority Jud comm relied on in litigation.
I have smiled at the people who have said the most terrible things about me and they think I don’t know .
i loved all those tweets that were just like checklists of every person who left the trump admin and at the end of the checklist was donald trump. and people stopped making them in part because it was dumb but also in part because of the character limit
friendly reminder that the canadian federal election is coming up quick ~OCTOBER 21st~ and you really ought to vote if you are able b/c it's one of the only ways they let average people participate in politics also maybe think about voting NDP lmao (just think about it ok)
I’m gonna give #RAW the benefit of the doubt with this whole new era thing but if they start the show with ANOTHER cringy, insomnia curing, paint by numbers Seth Rollins promo I’m done!
So if Carolina was playing a bunch of cover 4, was Houston running a lot of screens? Also the post/ in and post/wheel combos should be there. Also....running the ball.
Feels like the Missouri doctors were able to pinpoint the issue with your foot much better than the Mass docs.
I get that Girardi is controversial but so was Maddon. At least Girardi will continue to command the attention and respect that the Cubs are used to unlike Loretta or Ross. Let Ross be a bench coach.
It’s nice to have at least one forum like that where the successful are not excoriated by idiot lefties and some real dialogue can take place on public policy issues that need to be solved.
Our election special tomorrow night will be broadcast on CBC North Radio One. But it’ll also be on the tube and on the web. I’m getting ready (grooming). #nwtvotes #cbcnorth
P.S. I never act ghetto in the moment; I leave silently... ... but when I come back, I will have backup. It's going down! I will be "Waiting to Exhale". Even with my asthma. Blessings! MB Just don't marry me, and I'm cool. Do what you want.
 It's awesome to live here in Houston and listen to  fans and  fans bicker about who got the worst beating from the . It's a great time to be a WhoDat fan
I’ve got #Nationals winning the #NLWildCard on TBS cuz they’re clearly the favorite
2 of our listings on the top rated homes page (the top 2 pics)
been the GOAT. That show in Grand Rapids was great. Glad to see JaySki free baby
In her testimony Monica Lewinsky said she thought it was kinky when Clinton would leave the door open a crack when she was pleasuring him (I doubt he gave her any). But it turns out he was paving the way for a denial , saying "I was never alone behind closed doors with Lewinsky"
You’d be the best one to answer that wouldn’t you. Your retorts provide zero interest or intellectual conversation, begone troll.
"My bad."??? That's it??? Be honest, you prayed this was true so you could continue to race bait. And what questions do the VPs wife need to answer?
Thank you. I really can not believe the thing with my name just keeps going like the Energizer bunny!
 I had bought a set of four T-shirts from knottykoncept about a month ago which I later returned. Generally e-commerce websites take 3-4 working days to refund the amount and I was promised the same in an initial call back from the company after I returned my order
Congratulations on the new album! You boys are doing a great job like always
Living in Hawai'i, every morning I wake up wondering what kind of sh*t has hit the fan. Anymore it takes me two hours to catch up on everything.
Who said the mob is gone? It's just that it's been taken over by crooked politicians. At least the mob had some semblance of ethics and values in comparison to today's politicians.
Best of luck to ! I know you are going to do great things for the  family and ! You rock!!! I will miss you all, but I am not far away with !
people create the results in their life they think they deserve
is BYOC the only way to play at DH? asking for a friend
I wish I can have 10 minutes with you showing me the love you used to show before. :(
Anyway, I’m sorry to take up so much of your time. I am honestly heartened to see so many of the older, more experienced trans ppl I follow on here disagreeing with her so openly. It makes me feel much less alone. Thank you.
This is my home for the next few weeks. — feeling determined at Crunch Fitness
It was so good to finally meet you even though it was super brief. I hope the con went well for you.
All of the bands that I love play in Cleveland and not Pittsburgh. Why did I move back here
The big difference between I'm fine, I'm good and I'm feeling better :<<<
Check out the article tomorrow. I've finished it. It contains a full sample suggestion for how to write the actual entry in the resume without stepping on the ethical line (misleading vs. positioning/messaging) while emphasizing strengths.
Join us at our PTSO Meeting on Tuesday, October 1st at 6:30 pm in the Media Center.
 is not only consistently with the freestyle, but the guerilla bars make everyone smile. Keep spreading this my guy...
Joe - may I call you Joe? - as a fellow Delawarean, and as someone who held great respect for your Vice-Presidential duty, I implore you from the bottom of my heart: Will you please, please, please, please stop talking now.
 Our documented truth. The image of your ethics clear we can evaluate soon! ‘
Hey Boone! How many of you knew there was a public hearing on the Midland Power Cooperative agreement with the city tonight? If you knew, what prevented you from attending? If you didn't know, how can we do better at spreading the word about events like this?
I’m imagining what she wrote ‘1. Do not teach the girls to lick sharks (or other elasmobranchs) 2. No play-fighting with crickets bats. Use the pillows like normal 3. If the girls say no to more than 1 bottle of claret then respect their choice 4. Use toilet paper not towels...
you didnt even read the headline. It's talking about the law regarding whistleblowers. The law hasnt changed at all and whistleblowers arent required to have first hand knowledge
Well damn , it looks like the Twitterverse has a different opinion than your garbage Breitbart poll. Why don't you start Tweeting over there?
It makes me feel better knowing there ARE men who grasp the concept of boundaries.
Importance of ‘self leadership’ to enable you to ‘serve the greater good’ and support ‘the next generation of leaders’  setting the scene #TEMC_2019
Me punting the same game multiple times and still winning
I decided to listen to John Legend only today and its been the best decision I’ve made in a while
Fractions aren’t even broken down so well. Welcome to the  School of Quarterbacking. #SchoolIsInSession
Easy one. Of course we do! This is nothing more than a coup attempt by those who despise America. Democrats jumped the shark.
As a woke conscious, Educated spiritual brotha that has accepted his true identity. The work & praise don’t stop.. we wasn’t appointed above all Nations to hide in a corner waiting for the next brotha to bust a dance move.. We teach & we lead. THATS what we’ve called for..
Hard to play point guard when Lebron has the ball 90% of the time
this question obviously isn't for me but I believe the honour lies within the sacrifice. He saved many.
O JC Moncrief is on the field doing warm ups. Why ?!?! I am DONE!
you don’t have to know every word to every song. you don’t have to have merch. you don’t need to have seen them live or followed tours. you just need to like the music to be a fan. however don’t call them your favourite if you can’t name 3 songs by them at any given moment.
Brace yourselves. Our season premiere starts NOW on  & the free app: http://onelink.to/2gqasd #Season10 #StudioC
It sounds like you aren't aware of how to compare disinformation to other events that happen in the same time frame to see if there is a reasonable explanation for the disinformation. Which has been the case in nearly all Q "misses".
Omg! Haha. They’re not copies, they’re separate volumes. “Chapter 1: The Survey Began It was a dark and formy night...”
Wait, what was the name of his last comedy special?
Really hard to fathom this, but good for Counsell and the #Brewers.
It was really well done, I'd come home from work and grind for like 5 hours and most of the time get what I want (the new characters) for completely free
I went in on a splenectomy today and it was sooo amazing. I love the veterinary field
|| Otherwise, I'll only be able to respond when I have time to check the accounts directly or am at the laptop. Please... have patience with me. I am not ignoring anyone. I am not avoiding anyone.
It’s such a good movie! That being said it’s not really fair to compare a superhero film to a mecha action anime made by one of the best animation studios mshsks
She wants the silence but fears the solitude, she wants to be alone and together with you. So she ran to the lighthouse, hoped that it would help her see. She saw that the lighthouse had been washed to sea.
is it too local humor to photoshop the sign of that retro 50s restaurant in downtown Alhambra called Diner on Main and change it to say horny on main
They didn't learn when they bowed and worshipped (the next heir to the throne) Hillary apparently.
So Thank you to  for letting me be me, letting me share the love of our team and lets GO FOR STANLEY! L
oh! i forgot to say as i was busy but last night i dreamt that i was best friends with martyn lester and phil lester! we hung out a lot and everything in the dream, pffft! it was beautiful!
Such an amazing surprise. Away for a weekend and looking for a nice lunch around 2:30 on a Monday afternoon only to find many restaurants in the hotels are closed on Mondays. The hostess at Phillips recommended...
Top news today from Visit #Arezzo list: Tuscany on the road: a six- day tour from north to south | Visit Tuscany https://www.visittuscany.com/en/time-based-tours/tuscany-on-the-road-a-six-day-tour-from-north-to-south/ …, see more http://tweetedtimes.com/v/20125?s=tnp
I’ve been having the hardest time staying focused lately
The mean temp in Melbourne for September since records were kept is 17.3C. this year 2019 recorded 17.8C with the highest ever 20.1C.....rainfall admittedly was down on average after four good months......hardly sweltering
Go back and play it the game isn’t as fast as you think try rushing if you don’t get hit by OMA noob tubes lol
Waxing after a new moon. Chasing the sunset. October super moon coming. #StayEngagedPatriots The Republic is worth fighting for. Smartly.
smoking while I contemplate, I'm thinkin' 'bout the better days
Just an update from  after a rough weekend: We still don’t have a functioning water fountain and the Senning award applications were due last week. It was tough but we are loooking forward to Northwe..... I mean this week. New week. We are ready to go.
Dear ; Please insert an official map marker & photographs for The Elaine Massacre Memorial site located at 350 Perry Street, Court Square Park; Helena, Arkansas. If you have space for two Confederate monuments, you can accommodate the Memorial. CC:
Oh I used to be good before. I'm just looking for a new game like Granblue Versus to come out.
You should have gotten a pop up on your Stream app or the site Hope you enjoy!
I vote for  of the  for  Save of the Week! Vote #HarrisSOW
g o o d n i g h t t w i t t e r been up way to fuckin long blue hearts have been the vibe as of recent i hope you all have a fantastic night
With Jatta’s Printing and Design you don’t need to worry anymorewe give you the best printing with good price call us now /2244490 Go support a Young Gambian Lady
Ceddy, you’re seriously such a blessing and a sweetheart with so much love for everyone. I am so thankful to have met you. Also, I have a !ceddy command on my stream inspired by the one and only (you)! Hint:
Walking into the arena at the OWL Finals felt like this. Mind-boggling
Congratulations to winners of the CEB Award for Excellence in Legal Research & Writing at : Hoang Phan, Emily Bills, Alanna Anderson. Justice Nathan Mihara, Sixth District Court of Appeal, spoke about his career and what goes into good #legalwriting.
Yes. U re right.. revolution will come, and is going towards that direction. The level of crime of Nigerians outside Nigeria has increased. The best is to come back home and fight. The brain they re using for internet fraud can be channeled to better use
https://youtu.be/MisUwcXeq1s  that money ain't going to no charity it's gonna go to her slush fund while the crumbs go to the less fortunate
Glad the students stories are begining to be told. If you follow #highered follow the link, read one students, experience, and share!
This evening, I had the honor of serving as guest judge for ATA Martial Arts’ belt testing. Some TIS students were testing tonight. I was so impressed by the dedication, precision and technique shown by all. They even let me help some boards for the students to break!
jesus_lordandsavior think_thoughtsofjesus Ecclesiastes 12:13 13 Let us hear the conclusion of the whole matter: Fear God, and keep his commandments: for this is the whole duty of man. #followme #word #thoughts #god #jesus #love #help #life #wisdom #amen
everyone comes to an end. who am I to stop the lord's work ? ill make sure my bestfriend has a beautiful service as she deserves
dead ass the only solution after a day like this lmao
 and  join  on the Main Event Boxing Podcast. Listen here
Update about lost water bottle: I found it. I ended up forgetting it in one of the classrooms I went to today. Always good to retrace your steps. Hopefully I don’t end up having to go through that again
Sometimes there's no way to sugarcoat the truth, mama.
Good. And Labour are the new Nazis. Big changes have occurred. Stringing out Brexit has got you there...well, Jeremy was always a Jew hater but...well you know the rest.
You begging me to not leave is the last image I have. How can I not cry I’m sorry.
Still laughing at the fact it put the filter on the dog
Met my Q3 goal. I'm sure (to quote )  will blow it out of the fucking water!
They have serious conflicts of interest in this case. EU stipends & EU interests to maintain as part of the EU judicial system. #UnfitToJudgeThisCase
Now apologize sincerely..and you just might be brought back from the dark side
Yeah. I definitely understand that. We almost didn't go for the same reason, but this is one of our biggest family events of the year. It really was! Same here. It's being moved to October 11th, so it should fit better. Thank you, & you too!
Is there somewhere online that lists who the scholarship players are for each team? The reason that I ask is that I heard or read somewhere that GT doesn't have a single offensive lineman on scholarship. I can't imagine it's true. So wanting to verify for myself.
Advertiser: do you have a Facebook cover photo we can use? Me: sure! Here’s a already-to-scale Facebook cover photo with the show’s artwork! Advertiser: *creates his own- 3 grainy, tiny images of the outside of our theater* *posts to facebook* Me:
Oh god oh fuck. That would be so dope. I only had Obelisk at one point. Slifer has always been my favorite, just liked him in the anime lol.
I have some beautiful people in my life that inspire me on the daily.
Get ready for tonnes of brilliant music! Be sure to subscribe to ' new Independent Record Label  on #youtube and catch brilliant music videos like their #newrelease SOUL ON THE ROAD by Noel Barr Music!!!
Save some pussy for the rest of us got me a good tickle in the rib.
Wow So many things about Bonnie and clyde The movie is leaving Netflix tomorrow It’s Clyde’s birthday tomorrow. Yesterday I saw Bonnie and Clyde and I really enjoyed and and Now He Passed away. WOW.
INJECT THE FLYERS CONTENT STRAIGHT INTO MY VEINS!!!!!
Get The Outer Worlds On PC At A Sweet Discount Ahead Of Release https://www.fortniteboards.com/2019/09/30/get-the-outer-worlds-on-pc-at-a-sweet-discount-ahead-of-release/ …
the beginning of a beautiful relationship between you two, anyway we're kinda screwed down here
They cut feeds all the time lmao you must be new to the show. Well you live and learn
Yeah, I'm gonna take my horse to the old town road
I like literally just astral projected out of the situation
Tanner Jago(4) will start his pro career on  reassignment  signing   over the summer http://circlingthewagon.com/players/tanner-jago-4/ …… the ex-  defenseman captain will likely have fun in Idaho to get things going
My ex used to be one of those “don’t split the pole” people. So anytime we argued I’d be splitting everything, hydrants, trees, people, dogs, lmao.
more options? phonegate the best but not catchy enuf
This was fine. The chopsticks were what I was truly afraid of.
Ugh I think cuz sooman was encouraging them or sum but the fact the ppl who asked for pics dont even know them
Our newsletter is now available for download! Discover the stories, the music, and the inspiration behind our upcoming production of Il Trittico, the work that has been called Puccini's greatest achievement! https://loom.ly/nLgfP28
Wasn't she the singer Will was golddigging with in Fresh Prince? Then Will goes to Colorado with her and misses his bday party and Carlton cries cuz Will missed the Sunny the Seal bday cake...
No love or respect for the  or  today on . Disappointed......but SO excited for the new season coming up. With all the team changes should be a lot of fun!
Definitely took awhile cause I’m Pepega at comp. but managed to get Lunas and Recluse before the end of the season #destiny2
I agree that there is probably more to this, but at the end of the day, her allegation lacks merit by her own confession. That’s a problem.
Spoken like a true Mafia boss. All  needs is a baseball bat. Of course the media is loving this. That’s why they promoted  with all the free & excessive TV coverage to candidate Trump while going hammer & tongs on Hillary’s emails.
When you say playoff, do you mean THE playoff? Please don’t tell me you think UC is in contention with Alabama and Clemson
My God Jim Cornette calling a Dawson Brothers squash match under the NWA banner. God is good all the time.
i'm still kinda half-asleep so i thought the stage was just a giant quarter pipe which would've kinda cool
He gently takes a hold of her other arm, leading her out of the Hospital. “So where do you wanna go? You can rest at my house if you want.”
I just got off the phone and had a PERFECT CONVERSATION!
If you haven't figured out by now that the GOP as currently constituted HAS GONE TO THE DARK SIDE Then YOU WILL NOT BE FOCUSED ON AT LEAST RESTORING BALANCE BETWEEN THE DEMOCRATS AND THE GOP. Literally Your life may depend on it.
Beautiful morning at work. About to start coring at Budj Bim - Lake Surprise. Aiming for a new Holocene hydroclimate record to investigate the history of megadroughts in Australia.
The only kiss I will give a transphobe is the kiss of death
Final Destination Moment: a spare tire fell off a truck in front of me & bounced straight towards my windshield/passenger window. Somehow I managed to swerve onto the shoulder far enough that it hit just below the window line. Buying some scratch-off tickets now bc luck is w/ me.
Congrats my bro Rates, as always its all heart! Cant wait for the new tracks
I sometimes forget how remarkable Tokyo is. Thank you for the photographic reminder!
Ooooooo...... OOOOOOOO.... someone said their churros hit.... is the pizza just like one slice or a whole box?
yesterday I had thai soup w rice & then later I binged on fresh pasta from the whole foods pasta bar
There’s nothing more awkward than eating chicken drumsticks in public. It’s like can I suck the fucking bone in peace ?
They're the people who counterprotest at white supremacist rallies.
If this woman gets away with cold-blooded-murder, it will probably resonate with a new generation the way the Rodney King acquittals did in 1992. The Castle Doctrine is supposed to protect homeowners in the event they use force against an intruder. SHE WAS THE INTRUDER.
Hello Seolhyun unnie ! Welcome to the family and i hope you'll enjoy your stay here , can i ask number 20 ?
I miss you too, haha let’s get the twitch crew beach house going lol
Or...the Beatles Revolution You say you want a revolution Well, you know We all want to change the world You tell me that it's evolution Well, you know We all want to change the world But when you talk about destruction Don't you know that you can count me out
Congratulations, Alissa! You are the epitome of our slogan “Be Bold!” You’ve combined your passion for art with your heart for children, and we are so proud to have you on our Fine Arts team!
Agreed Nate is a better boxer has the better of the cardio and has a chin I think Nate takes it by decision
 and the amazing audience work of ⁦ ⁩ Radio Ambulante’s audience is worldwide. Listening clubs help bring them together » Nieman Journalism Labhttps://www.niemanlab.org/2019/09/radio-ambulantes-audience-is-worldwide-listening-clubs-help-bring-them-together/ …
One more sleep till #Shadowkeep! I'm on vacation (at #DisneyWorld and getting engaged!) but, I'm so excited for all the folks who worked on this and the #SeasonOfTheUndying. Can't wait for y'all to get your hands on it. Moons Haunted, Guardians. See you starside~!
I'm good, as long as I'm not watching the Falcons LOL. Of course, I watch and it hurts, and then I can't watch other games because it hurts more.
For me it depends on how much I like the show, but for most I wait it out. One Piece in particular would be literally unaffordable if I didn't wait it out.
Yeah but even if they're on the same flight, Gorka's head gets there half a day early
Going into surgery with my preceptor and his attending reminds me every week why I love surgery. When I’m in the OR with them I forget about all the BS. They treat me so well, teach me, and let me assist. I am so grateful I’m being taught by them #MedEd #PAmedTwitter
I've always wondered the names of those stock advertisement voices that sound like they only come in a few varieties
That shows so many 4Cs in the classroom and it was meaningful and episodic. #formativechat
LRT - please check out this zine!! I was selected as an artist, and have been so thankful for everyone involved. everyone has worked so hard, and would appreciate the word being spread!
You’re absolutely fucking right. This is going to be colosal. I might even say the whole Republican Party will crumble like a house of cards! This is going to be epic
Haha! Yep, you just keep believing what your handlers give you. It’ll make the surprise that much better!
Besides, its impossible for me to follow the rules because the #HKSAR #ImmD can't show me the rules because they said they are for internal "immigration reasons" only. #CarrieLamToldMeSo ROFL
Quadruple Crown! Rare talent and even more rare to do this in the same day!
It's time for #WWE #RAW & ANOTHER NIGHT of #HeelBiz on #SychoRAW! Tonight Seth/Mysterio setup for The Fiend, Lesnar returns...AGAIN, Hogan& Flair waste perfectly good air, & Heavy Machinery flattens "Team Roodolph". F'ck it...Let's #SportSycho! #FistBump #SychoInteractive
I love this game dearly just like the 1st one and maybe I'll come back to it and play online or somethin.. I already miss arthur and john
Let it all out. Then smile ulit. It's all part of the journey. Laban lang!
Can you believe it's only Tuesday? Want the rest of the week off for Goose Fair yo
Malvern Autumn Show receives 'one of the largest food bank donations ever' with 3 tons of goods collected/inews. That’s amazing generosity but it shouldn’t be needed in the world 6th rich country. It makes me ashamed amongst other things of our government https://inews.co.uk/news/uk/malvern-autumn-show-2019-food-bank-donation-638540 …
I’m just on the cusp of having an A in one of my courses and it’s driving me crazy. I’m tryna do the best this semester and since it’s halfway over now, if I Ace these courses I’m that much closer
Please post a video of your  waitress saying something about our #Moneyball contest to qualify for the two free tickets. Thanks!
slander playing first time in the rain yesterday was such a vibe
“You can’t put your hand in the cookie jar”. LOL LMAO nearly fell off the couch
Looking forward to MNF. Baker and the Browns vs Jimmy G and the 49er's. The Browns are improving week to week! Looking to go a perfect 3-0 on the road. Go Browns! #clevelandbrowns #BAKERMAYFIELD #Browns
Ilhoon was really happy and so touched to hear the messages of his friends/hyungs/BROTHERS , laughed genuinely for Sungjae but still longed for his Changsub hyung in the end #ThankYouRungdi
Omg... ok... I finally finished up whatever missions I had left in the epilouge... this is goodbye... I made john ride to his house and talk to Abigail jack and uncle one final time before shutting it off JSHSHDHDKF idk why but it felt right to save n quit at his house
I thought senior year was gonna be all fun but the fun hasn’t started
The leader of  , Steptoe himself,  , showing support for the IRA.
That’s what’s supposed to happen he can have a say but the decision ultimately falls on her Bc it’s her body that’s gonna be growing the baby not his or anyone else’s
I have only pinned two things to my profile ever. Last year it was this video the braves put out when they made the playoffs and the other thing is your video. From one super fan to another. Thank you!
ONG I’m shocked. If that’s the case fancy dress parties are stuffed, like Thonas Cook
It's still pretty basic, but the outro is ready just in time for the Halloween episodes! Thanks to our buddy Grey for the avatars, you can find more of his work here: https://www.instagram.com/gothickspoons/
DEFENSE BABY! THE CHAMPS ARE 4-0!! Patriots won the game and that’s all that matters. This team took care of business on the road in a hostel environment. I’m Very proud to be a Pats fan. #GoPats #StairwaytoSeven
I've been eyeing those  camera bags for about a year now to replace my current bag and the urge is so strong But I'm broke :')
If you haven’t listed to the Chip & Dale Rescue Rangers theme song song in the last 20 years, I recommend you do it now
I'm sure the Padres are doing their homework. His wife Jaye runs a gym in Tampa and love dogs. lol https://heavy.com/sports/2016/10/jaye-maddon-joe-wife-age-bio-job-marriage-family-children-pets-epic-boxing-studio-photos-together/ …
The yuuugest most best deal maker! #timapple thanks you!
Somebody get me a dog i just want it to try and do stuff like the dogs on twitter
Have book*, will travel. *actually 4 physical books, several library e-books, and a burning desire to visit the airport Powell’s shop.
I don’t care how wealthy I’ll ever become, i will ALWAYS sleep with a fan on the side of my bed.
vou assistir oq vc indicooou. oq eu to vendo se chama the perfection
I’m just glad Twitter was not around in the 90s. Our board would’ve looked the same
love you, Beth. to the moon and back. happy anniversary!  Cut Metropark
57 MR on the engine for a 2600m SS will win 999/1000 races
Dinner on the ocean Truly a #5StarStay at #SandalsRoyalBahamian! #livefromsandals
Whats happening to #Uber, #We, #Peloton etc makes what #Zoom, #MongoDB and #Twilo have done so amazing, and it’s gone under the radar of main stream news. Tech IPOs still give great return if the leadership is great. #IPOs
This is true working or *manning (*or whatever the gender neutral term is) charity shops.
No stream tonight as will be installing games and obs as well as hopefully get all my obs stuff recovered! Shadowkeep tomorrow hopefully and hopefully can the the Siva skin released!
Well, that was thoughtful before bedtime. UFOs: The Lost Evidence. The binary code deciphered from the notebook of Jim Peneston revealed GPS locations of certain Ancient buildings. Now, that message translates as reading Origin Year 8100. Are these not Alien but time travelers
If simple was retarded then yes ,,,it’s like saying if your not Chinese don’t speak English sounds dumb right many hispanics talk both languages so why not tweet it the way it was said ? Now if you think I’d be funnier like that is another story ...
2 Peter 1:3 According as his divine power hath given unto us all things that pertain unto life and godliness, through the knowledge of him that hath called us to glory and virtue:
The bar is on the FLOOR. One droplet has almost 1 Billion streams lol
It's time for #WWE #Raw! This is Caylon ( ) and Josh ( ) of WNS. Tonight's Raw has the potential to be extremely interesting. Hopefully WWE will really pack a punch tonight! Let's see what they have in store for us!
Let me get this right you go after the Clintons and Obama but we have no right to know the truth about your best friend Trump. Get real bring fairness and honesty to the people.
That dude's a bonafide "Kyle". I GUARANTEE already put a hole in the drywall!
Did you watch the video of the black American receiving dual citizenship or did you decide to ignore that? Does America freely give Africans citizenship or do Africans have to go through a process??
música fav bohemian rhapsody e série fav the 100 casa comigo
Eastern cottontail vs New England cottontail. It’s probably an eastern because new England’s are so rare but if you’re an expert like  then you can tell them apart in the field!!!
Throughout the year you can catch John trying to sporadically prank the residents while they’re on their routines which makes it hard to track down where he’ll be but WOW does it spice things up
Watergate is a Happy Meal toy compared to the buffet of Trump stories unfolding... #ImpeachTrumpNow
I love the chick in the apricot dress looking like she is laughing at her. And Harry is watching her do it. LOLOL.
 "has an Aaron Donald like impact on the game" Been this way since the first practice I had with him 3 years ago
One of the most imporant measurements of your operational excellence program's success is the external benchmarks. Is your organization outperforming its peers in specific key operational metrics? #capitalization #tradetensions #vo…https://lnkd.in/eG4nskn https://lnkd.in/eitzbNv
Ya, it’s pretty heavy. Imagine all the yummy food they must have in there.
Oh so if it’s not a racist thing, it’s a sexist thing? this is the conservative voice of reason on  ? Seriously? #WalkAway
Exactly it’s one of the best songs released this year
Might be slightly off topic but the school where I work gave staff who wanted to be an identified ally & safe person to talk to for the LGBTIQ+ students a rainbow lanyard; to make it less daunting for students and staff. Tho, I believe it’s part of our govt. safe schools program.
YOOO MY FIRST LOML FINALLY GETS IT IM CRYING GLAD U FINALLY FINDS THE HAPPINESS U DESERVE BOO #BieberWedding
Are you ready? Do you not dress up, but not want people to think you’re a stick in the mud? Need a last minute bare minimum costume accessory? My Etsy store might just have something for you. If would really…
Coming soon: the first Behind the Scenes episode of the 2019-20 season will be released this Wednesday! For now, enjoy a sneak peek featuring Coach Stefanie May and the  program #d3soc #skylinewsoc #MOVEtogether
Ying Yang Twins don’t get enough credit for their creativity coming up with “The Whisper Song”
Tip of the day: I used to make good tips, but then I took an arrow in the knee.
I need your guys help now more than ever. I signed up for a marathon last year and didn’t read the fine print. I have gifted tons of teachers and just spent $1000 of my own money giving to  but need $600 more!! Can anyone please spare a few $$to help me reach my goal?
Some of it seems that way. It's an interesting dynamic that I am not interested in letting play out on its own. We could see someone try to step into the Stalin role, who shaped himself as the Son to Lenin, the Father.
⇁ persisted. Harmless persistence, but persistence nonetheless. He didn't know that. He didn't understand. Just then something entirely changed in him. There was an indescribable smell that, although couldn't override the putrid smell of rotting meat and tar, prompts an ⇁
Fun fact: green was the color of Fujifilm, Kodak's #1 competitors. That's why they went with purple and then gave him a yellow sweater with red stripes! Maybe you already knew this but I love that story!
Yay! ... Awesome achievement, ladies. Thanks for all you do for the writing community
Way maker Miracle Worker A Promise keeper, Light in the darkness My God that is who you are
 I have something far more compelling to do-clean the lint out from my navel.
Honestly, how big do you think the general audience for SPL is? 10k a week? This is totally serious question
The men from the ghost adventures crew are the only valid men
Now it's time to celebrate with that twitter party you can afford the damages now
Wow how did they even get in the Mcountdown Mnet show wow there trying hard.. No offence to them but this aint it.. And im surprise they would even have fanz
proud of  and the whole HLG Team Hindi biro ang maging representative sa isang international movie event Iba talaga kayo! #TheGiftKapitLang #HelloLoveGoodbye
I really want to do this tomorrow.  proposed everyone tweet a sentence or paragraph about why we love the twins and  suggested “we are here for you and we are proud of you” at 1PM PST WE SHOULD DO THIS. PLEASE.
Turned in my app for the Paramedic program at HCC, definitely the last day possible to do it but here to hoping I get in!
aye that i could and the ironic thing is i took a first aid course about 15 20 years ago but calling 999 would be best for me
Happy birthday Devinson, one of the kanavu Kannan of UPM Girls. Hope you enjoyed the celebration we did, especially the surprise! God bless you da nanba!
me: I want to buy the fan since it’s actually useful for the heat internet: recommends koya doll me: ..h
My neighbor and good friend is a Democrat. I'm a Republican. We talk about all kinds of things, help each other out, and drink wine together. We simply don't discuss politics. People on both sides of the aisle can get along if you leave the crazy BS aside. Just sayin'...
Even  got in on the fun in math today as Ss created situations to collect data that will later be represented with frequency tables, lineplots, and scaled bar graphs! Ditch the worksheets - make math engaging!
Since players are gonna get paid now maybe the free rides can go to the kids for their grades
Which scarf style do you like the best? Comment below.
1. Not remotely a Xhaka fan. 2. He did not duck under the ball, he was trying to head ball over the bar but like much of what Xhaka does on the pitch he mistimed the ball.
We play Prairie Heights in the first round of sectionals at home! Come out and support your Barons! #WeAreDeKalb
I am really thankful for today including to the student at University of Ottawa who stepped in to assist me. All seem to have gone well in all three Courts.
lol Breitbart. The only people who follow it are your base. (ABC) 55% of people approve of the impeachment inquiry. ( that's more than your approval rating ) https://www.foxnews.com/politics/voters-split-over-impeaching-and-removing-trump-from-office-new-poll …
Facebook severely depressed me during the 2016 election. Twitter has allowed me to connect with like minded individuals who I can relate to. Plus random interactions and RT’s from celebrities is a nice ego boost now and then.
This format would also likely shift the meta toward 3c cards, so would probably run a lot more of those and have to carry the associated tokens. I feel like this ends up as hundreds of tokens (I'm guessing 225). Costs a lot of physical space in case.
You couldn’t pay me to watch Marley and Me again. Or when the dad dies in Jack Frost and they play landslide in the background.
I'm glad you come to accept what you are, and also it astounds me how you're so pressed over the word "smacks" when it literally means the same thing as "slaps"
Center i congressional dems are basing their impeachment dreams on a whistleblower at all during the nice call... The ig didn t feel "pushed" during.
lagunas backbling is good but not the skin but best is rouge agent
Continuing Borderlands 3 on Twitch, a about Positively and love, I heard the European viewers having trouble watching the stream, see you there https://www.twitch.tv/Twitch_CesarB
Happy #InternationalCoffeeDay! Where is your favourite place to get coffee on any of the #UON campuses?
This is Last week (and weekend) to place an order. Thanks again for your support of the Cross Country Team!
You found a poll that’s in your favor! Congrats! All the other polls are for impeachment, but hey, you got this one!
I REQUEST TO THE EDITOR OF PD CHINA PLEASE YOU READ THIS ALL ARTICLES AND PUBLISHED IN OWN NEWSPAPERS FOR HELP ME AND PROVIDE FOR JUSTICE AND HUMAN RIGHTS PLEASE
I did too! Thought I saw in the credits that it is based on a graphic novel?
also thanks for posting the lyrics i couldn't understand a thing
You can now expand the found favorites list in the Favorite Pokémon Picker by clicking the arrow "tab" next to the "Found Favorites" tab. https://www.dragonflycave.com/guestbook/update/09-30-19 …
Lol listennnnn! You speaking facts. At best he’s mildly attractive with the charisma shining through.
This is a great article from Tech Crunch. #triggerwarning #longform https://techcrunch.com/2019/09/29/wework-proves-that-venture-capitalism-works/ … It is a great commentary on having the money to take risks.
Mr. Trump with building a perfect life and it still is and now he's ending it with a perfect score another high wind for the high treason attack on his person in our government and his love of Living in America as a rest of us due to they are going to give it away he's going
I try! Just want the best life possible for us and our kids!
 i know you were heated. But now the truth has come to light. What now.
A busy week of volleyball awaits Chico State as the Wildcats host Cal State East Bay Tuesday, Sonoma State Friday and Humboldt State on Saturday. http://bit.ly/2nXNOFI
You’re the one drinking Kool-Aid. Whatever Ethan Van Jones serves you, you take it. No questions asked. Like an NPC.
Really excited to hear  &  on the call tonight for #RAW! Huzzah for fresh voices in the booth!
Love that I was supposed to have a doctors appointment last Friday and the doctor was sick so they gave me a phone appointment today at 4:50 when I said I was busy at 5:20 and it's not 5 and the doctor still hasn't called me I just wanna get rid of my allergies and stay on prep
Basically after you send the image I reply with a number and you copy the first text but instead of the 24th image for you, you would put the 4th image
i can’t believe tomorrow is already october like christmas is lit rally around the corner
We’re ok with a couple weeks because we going need everyone that is getting well after the next three games we can definitely hang in there until then
#MenOfMystery September 21, 2019 at The Grand Long Beach.
I'm a Sicilian virgo, so the force is strong with me.
Another great theme in this talk is the care for ethics and privacy that the ABS takes - they care deeply about privacy, and there are stories of Federal police requesting all information on a certain individual and the chief statistician telling them, "no". Powerful stuff!
Just waitin' for the gang to get ready, should be streaming soon fellas! https://www.twitch.tv/apochedgie
Oh god where am I? This isn’t the dream realm. Maybe there are others here too...
Natalie Paris is underrated and she seems like the absolute nicest person
New Light is the Free-to-play version. Here's what's in it. As long as it supports xbox achievements, I'm in, I think.
The feels when you always wake up at the right side of the bed Good morning, birth month!
Yeah, exactly! Although, it's still sad when they can't get out of the "the company doesn't want to hurt us" mentality.
Focused on school, work, securing the bag & my future
 nice meeting you! My strength, my place in the body of Christ is an activator. Crazy, talented, way out side of the box 3dThinkers, wired for their destiny, gifts and calling. Praying that you be activated into the fullness of your destiny, gifts and calling!
#Giuliani subpoenaed as #impeachment inquiry accelerates (from ) #Pompeo listened in on Ukraine call GOP interests groups paying for ads to protect and defend Trump while the rest of the GOP remain silent #Impeachment #ConspiracyToCommit #Trump
I honestly don't understand. Things like food, housing, equality under the law, access to healthcare are basic rights all should enjoy. Since when was it a person's right that other people should want to fuck them?
Big Happy Birthday To My DBlock Brother  The Silver Back Wish You Many More To Come!! Love Bro.. #DBlockMafia https://www.instagram.com/p/B3Df8X-gV7b/?igshid=cw1cu6u1s19p …
"The only American invention as perfect as the sonnet" H.L. Mencken #martinis #martini #gin
Through an annual letter exchange called the Round Robin, these sorority sisters have shared life’s passages for 60 years https://www.wsj.com/articles/these-college-friends-pledged-to-stay-in-touch60-years-later-they-still-do-11569835801 …
if 2 wins it’ll be up for the first two weeks then 1
The kind who would name someone like Miller or Jeffries or Graham jr as VP to protect his flank.
What’s the use, back 2016, major news papers overwhelmingly endorsed Hillary, hardly anyone supported trump. This rascal’s base don’t read.
Ultimate HOH... I can't believe it. I saw it, I prayed it and it came to pass. I am still in awe. One morning I felt strongly that Seyi will be HOH for four weeks and here we are.. ULTIMATE HOH. Now we need to make Seyi the Ultimate Winner Vote Seyi to 32052 #BBNaija
Warmest of welcomes to Pete the Plumber who have just joined the team of amazing #pizzapigout partners! . Event Details: . When: October 16th, 2019 . Time (MDT): 6PM – 9PM . Where: Cowboy’s Dance Hall . Tickets: Link in our bio .
There is none like unto the God of Jeshurun, who rides upon the heaven to your help, and in his excellency on the clouds.
You choose whatever you like but respect the choice of others too and don’t force your choice on others.
Based on the posters she's the posters she's the only one in the movie XD
Hi everyone, hope you are well and happy Tuesday As the words say, have a beautiful and a blessing of a day For all you beautiful women and couples, make a booking with me today for fun, sensual massage, or other. LoveandLight Spiritual G 0452256634
Thank you! Means a lot to me! Appreciate the #Kind words
"N-No.. let's not anger the church anymore... They don't know I'm a lich... yet.."
3) the VAT does disproportionately affect low income Americans, but that is being offset by the freedom dividend. the purpose of UBI isnt to steal money from the rich and redistribute it (like what would happen with a wealth tax) but instead take the money from the corporations..
Yes any change in the weather would be nice. If it reaches over 90, stay at the house in the evening time.
That would make a great as for the election if it showed why people walked away and then at the end is shows why  walked away
ACTUALITY AWARDS Vote for  ☆WEBSITE☆ Internacional (ENDS NOV.15) ●Mejor Album Map Of The Seoul : Persona - BTS https://www.actualityfm.es/p/actuality-awards.html?m=1 …… ☆Twitter voting☆ ●Mejor Fandom (ENDS OCT.6) #ActualityAwards + #ActualityBTS *UNLIMITED VOTING
I had the best in Scottsdale last weekend which doesn’t help you but I sure could use some now b/c I, too, am being crushed by inpatient service.
Nice. But the question is why you still need to activate word count for it to work.
Don't even worry about it. Go to the gym or watch a good movie or something. Any time something new comes around that will change the world somebody will always take pleasure in being an obstacle. Don't waste your time on foolishness. What will be will.
The only reason why I'm still fighting. I love you so much ma.
The ginger is on the high side kudos to biggie I'm loving the scene #BBNaija
     . When will Trump start being President of all of America instead of just being the CEO and President of his small company that he didn’t put into a blind trust? JustAsking
Just had to share this fabulous review from maryanntippett ***** Posted withrepost • maryanntippett September book of the month! Read my review of this hilarious, soulful book through the link in my bio. It’s a real…
The cutest representative of <menacingtone>THE BELLY OF THE BEAST</menacingtone>.
The Right Fit Fashionista Challenge September 2019 for our Tiara girls. Vote for your Favourite Contestant by individually liking her picture and commenting on it. Each like and emoticon gets her one point and each…
if you have some time and you are not restricted to the SLU try to go to Harvest Vine (get the iberico if you are not vegeterian) and to Rhone XII (don't miss the casio e pepe pasta and the sausage and fennel pizza). Both are super great!
My mom love watching Chicago PD despite the fact that all these cops characters are objectively awful people and public servants
This is extremely helpful! I love the idea of recording my impressions. Thank for all the suggestions and support
Hon'ble Sir, Might I opine that, Sardar Manmohan Singh jee be requested to accept the invitation 2 inaugurate historical Kartarpur Sahab Corridor. There is no intellectual of his stature, yet so humble in nature. I remember he has 1ce said, every Sikh wishes for Khulay Darshan..
Good show tonight Martha. P. Trump is the greatest since Reagan. We know it.
Boomers make a living off of calling millienials entitled but are the same people that expect your automatic respect just bc they’re older than you
Ima miss  today I’m having a bad day and she won’t be here to cheer me up. Have fun for the both of us
He cannot play striker he’s soo inconsistent and sorry but at a club like UTd if you want to be the striker you have to live up to it week in week out
after all the shit thats happened this past week, her words really are sinking in about becoming better, stronger, understanding & im grateful to even have life and the pleasure of meeting her, damn i fell hard guys and its really unusual to have such strong feelings this shortly
Hey! I'm live now! Come on in and join the fun. #twitchaffiliate #twitchstreamer #gamer #twitchhttp://www.twitch.tv/milhouse841
There was also a demonstration with wooden blocks and a drawing haha.  I bet you can see Kheionte asking this question haha. (He also asked me what happened to the dinos, so together we colored a big picture of a meteor hitting the earth haha.)
Pop Pop 내가 너와 나누고픈 이 감정은 more than emotion better than the love motion - 브아걸 'Sixth Sense 中'
Some of you guys be taking the cutest pics for ARMY Selca Day and lowkey feel like I can never be that cute.
nothing but respect to you showing your face again after the ownage, you are a handsome young fellow and i wish you nothing but the best. a respectful young man. thank you.
Louder! Pretty sure the people in the back can't hear you.
Anyone with a modicum of power and wealth inevitably develops useful connections who can help them with things. It's the connective tissue of governments, as well as the "revolving door", but people who can pull strings and do favors, or the opposite, are endemic to bureaucracy.
“Verily the truth is not known through men; know the truth (first) and you shall know it’s people.” - Imam Ali (AS)
 HBD to the funniest, realest, and BESTEST teacher in the world!!! we all you so much, i know i wish i could retake your class as many times as i want & i wish that you could just move onto college with me!!!
I always tell myself the shit that happens in my life happened for a reason to set myself up for later
the amount of effort I will make to use the least amount of dishes as possible while I am cooking really is amazing
she LITERALLY took the dishes from my hand and basically kicked me out of the kitchen. what? what???????
Great tweet by the way I'm a bit new to twitter so if I did something wrong you will have to forgive me.
The fact that you still have the art i made you as your pfp makes me love you so much (more)
The only funny thing I find about the Stacey Dash news is that they tag her as a Clueless actress, which is accurate. But it’s a movie that’s more than twenty years old. For all the political “work” she’s done, zero credit. Just a washed up 90s actor...
Girl you have the most handsome baby ever, my heart
I agree President Trump We The People are Behind You in every way. It seems you get rid of one & up pops the Devils the DemocRATS. We are behind you & think GOD you are with us. God is on our side. Prayers & Love President Trump.
 Right so the Reason i Am tweeting is the same as You know the 1st to claim a idea is why i gave the same amount of chances by tweeting and asking this is how i Be gathering more than a Alt Tab Control=True=Fair=1st=2Ønly=You_/^)-Checkmate.-Wha. I'm never told But
For the 20th time today - no free passes for nazis.
Making a sign for our bedroom, I asked Bryan what it should say.. he said, “go the fuck to sleep” Welp, looks like we have a winner.
Fun fact the only reason will exists is because he wanted a way to get the lesbians
Guy answer the question why haven't your government arrested Atiku
It’s an easy way to just give up on growing and developing as an individual. Like people who keep going back to jail because they can’t handle the real world.
Steve, with what's going on in our political front this week and last week and the month and three years before... yeah, we all need to get wrecked at a bar. Hugs and kisses.
to be fair mario kart on the wii u / nintendo switch is way better >:(
Kids, this  is certainly not the party of Reagan anymore. Just unrecognizable. This Republican President is going out of his way to try to clear Russia, to the point of claiming that it was instead Ukraine that was behind the 2016 DNC server hacking. 2/2
#bbnaija Big brother please evict Seyi from the arena
"Since the Season 7 is coming to an end I wanted to look back on the good things. - Almost 1000 Subs - 8500 Followers - All $Tournaments Won - It Had 2 Be Us revived - The old OG team brought back However, I should take twitch more seriously, on a good S8"
Praying and hoping that they rule what is right.... The right for all #humans to have #EqualRights This is amazing to me that we live in a world that this is even brought before the #SupremeCourt It shouldn’t have even be questioned #EqualityForAll PERIOD
I had the best time chatting with USA Today’s Bestselling Author ⁦ ⁩ ! I loved listening to her tell her journey of how she wrote 5 incredible novels!http://www.stephhayden.com/meg-donohue/
Galen Clavio. More than just a golden voice and a great head of hair! Love the cooking advice!
my socials teacher expects me to do this homework with the map of like 144p.
If at any time you fail a roll, increase the stat you rolled by 1. To a max of 5. As well at anytime you may add 1 to your honk score to instantly succeed at anything. If your honk score ever reaches 4 you are lost to your goose nature and can only honk for the rest of the game
How about instead of taking me out to eat, you send me money & I buy the food & eat at home ALONE peacefully
Treino 1900 training of 1900 rolling in the 2 tatame very good jiujitsubrasileiro jiujite... http://box5228.temp.domains/~jitsgifs/treino-1900-training-of-1900-rolling-in-the-2-tatame-very-good-jiujitsubrasileiro-jiujite/ …
#MondayMotivation ~ it's the last day of September! Tomorrow is October! Then Halloween, Thanksgiving, The Holidays, which includes my Xmas Eve birthday! As life flashes by, I take this moment, this tweet, to be grateful for my life and my family! #gratitude
I traveled to the border with 10 Chicago-area activists offering legal help to hundreds of migrants seeking a... https://www.wbez.org/shows/wbez-news/hundreds-seek-asylum-at-the-usmexico-border/7e97aee4-c533-475e-a3a5-0d203733ce4c?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=Web-Share …
Read my first tweet again. Who are starters and quote me mins in first team in premier league. You are deluded it's pretty much the team from last year. If Lampard wasn't manager it wouldn't be a thing. Have you had the youngest team in ONE game this year? I think not
at this point I’ve developed some kind of Stockholm syndrome from the music of Utada Hikaru. so many terrible songs, but I love em all & will make any excuse to justify their worth like, “this track about having an affair with a married man is so grim, but that synth line slaps”
Catan: Everyone just builds and trades whenever the heck they can until someone is close to winning. Roll, grab resources, pass dice. Speeds up the boring early game 100x and makes games go so much faster than they would otherwise. #MakeABoardGameBetterWith1Rule
I have to say her parents handled the apology very well. Now let's see if the Congress peps have the same courage!
The other day my mom told me a story about her childhood in México & I turned it into a long narrative poem & dedicated it to her & included the act of her telling me the story in the poem. My parents are both natural storytellers; my abuelita, too. It was an honor to write it.
as long as you dont stop to collect all the coins and get the minimum amount of stars to complete the level you should have a world record run in the bag
What is that one guy who had the throat tattoo? And everyone thought was hot? HE started modeling afterwards, right? Modeling is like the music of the fashion world!
Suga because I thought he had the tiniest most adorable face lol
...He's fared better than every other moderate white male (excl Biden & Pete who is running a historic campaign) &most had far more experience bc of his age and the familiarity some voters had of him from his Senate race. Still, nearly 40% of Dem voters don't even know who he is.
Random but there’s nothing wrong w/ being an emotional man. Showing feelings is healthy and encouraged. The problems arise when men don’t actively use their words to express said emotions, and instead project those unspoken feelings onto unsuspecting parties. Use. Your. Words.
Settling in for the night w/ a lovely fire and a t.v. dinner. #ImpeachTheMF #ImpeachTrumpPenceBarr
Kelly Wilson's The Art of Seduction for #funny advice on #sex & #relationships now 40% off  #sale
Quick update on feedback related to sound issues and changes. I commented on Reddit, linked below. The short of it is, we are well aware of your feedback and we're not burying our heads in the sand. We are working on next steps to address your concerns.
#FeelTheBern #MedicareForAll #NoMiddleGround Bernie is the real deal. Accept no substitutes!!
I think as a  fan I have always been critical of him, but I can say he isn’t the kind of bust  has been and always will be lmao #overrated
I watched 2 episodes of The Office today. Didn’t laugh once.
& the bank be like you got a limited supply of funds
lmaoooo i wont be doing this don't worry, requires way too much editing and research into the lyrics of "jessies girl"
#Dems like #NH  working to #overthrow our President based on this “whistle blower” BS are NOT working across the aisle, they are dogshit Americans! #nhpolitics #MAGA #Impeachment
A huge Thank You to  and  for my unofficial visit last Saturday. Thanks to  for walking me around and showing me the campus!! #PullTheRope #WinTheDay
Right? I’m constantly seeing jurnaljism from Bloomberg that twists and distorts Tesla stories. Always wondered why that is given that Mike has such a hard on for the environment. There’s more to it but I can’t figure it out. Like they say, follow the money...
I don’t think the corruption ends with the inner circle of the WH, it’s a large number of the Republican Party.
Saw A Family of Them Swimming in The Gulf , From 500ft Up in The Derrik , They Looked Big From That Far Off , Was A Amazing Site & Is A Treasured Memory
The old Asian guy that walks around my neighborhood nodded at me today. We’re best friends now
Thank you all for your outpouring of support. So many posted their love for the record on their IG stories ( couldn’t fit them all here). I really appreciate it y’all! This record was a labor of love. I was initially…
oof ouch owie just looked at the fuckin date....... sure am glad i had today off!
I can't believe these UAW worker don't you know if you help put a democrat back in office , it will be the end of your jobs. they will start where they left off from Obama . your job will go back across the pond , it call globalization , this is my opinion.
I already started learning Chinese. The state of this government is of no condition for war. We’ll get smoked. Our govt. acts like children not leaders. They don’t even address real issues. And we’re supposed to look to them to lead during wartime? Don’t I feel safe and secure
Sometimes I imagine myself in forty years, still listening to the exact same music I enjoy today. It makes me happy.
I can speak to you in private I am new on the site I would like to make friends
On this #InternationalPodcastDay, dont forget to check out my latest release. #TheChaosReduction is a hard look at D.C. through the eyes of an edgy, conservative, ex-military, patriot. I appreciate you listening!!! http://Anchor.fm/jay-bisciaio1
Dems are against low gas prices, the economy doing well, and America being strong again in the world. If the democrats take control, China and Russia will try to devour us.
“The mob takes the Fifth.” “If you're innocent, why are you taking the Fifth Amendment?” From the Teachings of Chairman tRump.
Taking tomorrow off was the best decision I made! #stillrecovering
All the good shows on Netflix get cancelled after like 2 seasons
The saints defense is ranked 28th in the league before they faced the cowboys. That team is overrated on defense
There is no freedom at the bottom of the food chain. You’ve been warned. #onlyrealisreal #realfoodnow #foodrevolution #healthiswealth #realwantsyou
he didn't, haha. Sorry I was being super sarcastic by listing all the things Trump did with his call
awe bummer, still have free hugs and a extra one for the tail so it wont get jealous ;).
It would be nice to see the party of “Lock her up” locked up.
RT thegfmband: Have you seen our video for Can You Promise Me That This Will Never End?! Click the link below now to watch! • https://youtu.be/5xDw19f_u5k • •Production by Ubiquity Creations #GFM #TEAMGFM #BEAUTYCORE
Real talk, thank god it is about to be October! Baseball playoffs are the best!
Here we fucking go folks the start of what should be a fantastic week for all fans and we kick it off with #Raw
Yea, the stork in the heaven knoweth her appointed times; and the turtle and the crane and the swallow observe the time of their coming; but my people know not the judgment of the LORD. -Jeremiah 8:7
 I think the answer is 3 but I’m really hoping it’s 8
Thanks!! Anderson Cooper "Full Circle" 4 "TOP FAN" Of The Week Again!! NOW!! HAVE ME ON THE SHOW 2 INSPIRE THE WORLD 2 DREAM!! — feeling determined
I like the extra shit. Post me. Do extra shittttt lmao thats all i ask
kieran has the tiniest hint of a lisp so I just know when he starts losing front teeth it’s gonna be more prominent lol
We were the best of friends but we still had enough respect for one another to always say hi in the hallways, your were kind even when we teased you about the hair gel.
I always had the biggest crush on Shane McMahon growing up.
That look he gave Jimin in 2015 always gives me the warm and fuzzy feels. It's such a sweet moment.
 The question that should be asked here is how can we make jobs that are male dominated into jobs that appeal to all genders? It may be the stereotypes of gender that push women towards other fields, but how can that be so that anyone can strive to succeed wherever?
Oh, yeah. Breitbart is credible. (Uhh, by the way Donnie, this is sarcasm. You know what that is? Right? I mean very good brain & all?)
maybe they had it right in the 60s. love, peace, good music, sex, community, bare feet, no bras & weed. sounds better than this superficial, consumer driven chaos that has become our norm
It's important to have a good steth when you start learning those sounds.. Then even when you use what laennec used first, it will make sense It's not like a pair of in ear headphones... as you know the sounds you expect to hear..
I’ve got #Nationals winning the #NLWildCard on TBS.
We went up 23 points, had best defensive team in the league and finished 5th place in the league. Are you on drugs ???
⁦ ⁩ first year coach ⁦ ⁩ still looking for his 1st ⁦ ⁩ win, the Cardinals play ⁦ ⁩ on the road Sunday ⁦ ⁩ ⁦ ⁩ #fox10phoenix
Definitely & if Tony Watson picks up his option then you get him as-well. Tony Watson & Evan Longoria for Cano & prospect. Watson & Wilson in the bullpen as lefty come on.
It doesn't ever let ya down man. Sometimes they stingy on the cheese but still good af
I like big boys (armor Lio), itty bitty boys (normal Lio), Mississippi boys (Lio, in the Burnish settlement outside of society), inner city boys (Lio setting Promepolis on fire), I like the pretty boys (definitely Lio) with the bow tie (Lio wearing his cravat)
Cheers Giles! Hope you're having a decent start to the week. :) Not a terrible result tonight all told, still lots to improve, but a valuable point as we go on.
Liberal logic is fascinating. If a Trump rally was empty inside, the 10,000+ outside would be welcomed right in. Leftism is a disease.
Check out what I found. KEITH CHRISTMAS FABLE OF THE WINGS 1970 B&amp;C CAS 1015 A-2U B-2U SUPERB EXCELLENT https://ebay.us/Hm8Am5 via
THIS SHOULD SURPRISE NOBODY. HOW DEEP IS THE CORRUPTION? https://www.staradvertiser.com/2019/09/30/breaking-news/trump-sought-australias-help-on-russia-probe-origins/ …https://www.staradvertiser.com/2019/09/30/breaking-news/trump-sought-australias-help-on-russia-probe-origins/ …
Wake up in the morning, and got an email a flight tiket on this afternoon. Someone just did some joke.
For a girl I'm pretty cool, calm, and collected For a girl who was getting more than she expected From an ex love but here I am You're putting your heart in the palm of my hand I'm trying to act real cool But inside I'm a lovesick fool
Do not suffer; let your self go with the flow, y mandale “brilliant” y “cheers” (arrastrando tipo chiiirws) a todo
The time in drama class you slammed your hand on the shoulder of my dress and got one of the spike stuck in your hand. I was so mad at you.
--He launched Buu in space like a rocket with his mighty punch & YET HE STILL WASN’T DONE! An angry Superman was definitely a force to be reckoned with. ”Looks like the funs over.” Thought Buu, as he felt victim to the Solar Flare, being incinerated to nothingness. #ForTheStones
Wang Yi on the Resumption of Diplomatic Relations Between China and Kiribati: The Rainbow Displays Even More Splendor after the Rain - MFA China...
Wouldn't the very issuing of these pardons be grounds for impeachment, as an obstruction?
Please post a video of your  waitress saying something about our #Moneyball contest to qualify for the two free tickets. Thanks!
Just get bats right please ...watch all the animated films.. winning formula
What are you planning on doing for Halloween? I'd love to see you do the Nightmare on Elm street franchise of the TV Series Freddy's Nightmares for Caravan of Garbage! #WeeklyPlanetPod
Budgets really were a hurdle for the netflix shows so glad to see marvel is giving the shows movie budgets
Probably the first point we agree on, although whether or not it is a mistake we wont be able to comment on for about 20 years.
I’ve been singing from hymn sheet since day 1. The more desperate the Tories become the more I’m convinced of it.
I still disagree that the context I was using it in was in a racist way, but I get that certain words can be sensitive, so, I will be more cognizant of the specific words I use in the future. Although it didn't offend many other black women, you are one that I care about.
Are there better photos? What sort of analysis has been done to make such a claim? I respect Ufology, it intends to provide answers to very good questions, but when you pick up any odd shaped object off the ground and make sensational claims you make a joke of the whole thing.
Pump the brakes I didn’t even know this was a thing. Might be good to lay off the hard stuff.
It left the room with their courage and ethics. Now, they are slaves to Trump
we already know how white supremacists feel about you, but thanks for the confirmation
Not seen the new raw set yet. Hope it good, or at least laughably shite.
hi it would mean a lot if you guys could check out the link and possibly help my uncle out even by just a tiny bit https://www.gofundme.com/f/help-pheng-beat-cancer/share?utm_source=customer&utm_medium=copy_link&utm_campaign=p_cp+share-sheet …
All true Americans stand with our President. Thank you President Trump for not backing down. You have been the only President ever to make me proud to be an American. You are America's hero.
Bits #4K Review –  spins the original #Zombieland in #UltraHD from , just in time for the sequel in theaters next month http://thedigitalbits.com/item/zombieland-uhd …
I got Bengals at +4 in the Circa but now it's -3 I like the Bengals though
Here's something that isn't a secret: I read this reply bringing a smile on my face as i'm on the bus going to school dbndhcjdjchcj thank you Mentos official
Looking for a good quality, Gaming/POP Culture Podcast? Make sure to check out  for one of the best out there! We speak from the heart and youll have a good time hearing us out!
Switching my shampoo and conditioner to dove was one of the best decisions I made lol It gives my hair a complete different texture and it was so easy to manage even while wet I let my hair air dry and I wore it in a naturally curly bun today
You are a treasure!! You have the wisdom of a man twice your age and the character any person would be proud of!
Also, look out for Vaughn Booker’s *Lift Every Voice and Swing: Black Musicians and Religious Culture in the Jazz Century* coming from NYU Press in July 2020. He has a great chapter on Dizzy. #AfAmReligion
I vote  INT. 1 because he’s using the best team in the NFL and 2 because Danny Travathan is that dude #HzRdUs #Bears #BearDown
What if I do this but like for ThE rEsT oF mY lIfE?
we are so blessed to live at the same time as schoolboy idc what anyone says
No, it isn’t OK to continue this charade.The WB saw nothing, heard nothing, witnessed nothing. I think they said “I heard it from somebody” also “I was told by someone who heard it from someone”? Ok, who said it 1st, bring them to testify, not protected under the WB Act!
Zubac is improving but I do believe we should get a center before season starts or around the deadline for sure
Even with the technological advances, the ease of the process is still dictated by the level of ineptitude of the business office with which you’re working.
This morning i’ve make my decision. And luckily, the other team really know how i feel. Thank you to my colleague who support me. At least i wanna leave from here happily.
Look what my amazing oldest stooge magdelayna.jolie__2005 made for me! She painted it on the cover of my  eyeshadow palette! Said it was a quick draw and she wasn't as impressed with it as I was.…
Truly nothing humbles you up more than getting a new phone and seeing all the apps you had on your iPod touch in 6th grade
Will there be a fresh feel to RAW booking? Or much the same... Let’s goooooo #RAW #WWE
Dinae is the best defensive unit she is just a def monster
The Bombers finished the regular season tonight with a 5-0 win versus Geneva. With the win, the Bombers win the NEOTA Division G championships!! Great job, Lady Bombers!
*rolls eyes* Ugh Feline furries are so gross, bathing in the middle of the room?! Rude. I still love y'all, but seriously? At least be respectful~ >< (don't worry my sweet kitty friends, I still love y'all anyway uwu <3 lol)
You know your career is experiencing a growth spurt when you now have to be the one opening shows for other acts. You've just got to feel for Dammy Krane. #SupremacyConcertWithPepsi
Im sorry. I played by the rulebook. Now Ava get to the maze
I’m not as hard on Marcus, you’re right. But do you know why? It’s because he has LEGIT excuses as to why he hasn’t fully developed. Lamar has no excuses besides the fact that he can’t throw. That’s the hard truth. You see how great Marcus can be from time to time.
Hillary, Proverbs 12:15 The way of a fool is right in his own eyes: but he that hearkeneth unto counsel is wise. Seek counsel if you can before it’s too late.
Shout out to      for the sponcership lets get the support out there
I definitely agree that just because things come from the same source don't mean they're all good and things depend on personal preference, but for some people an author's style can be a preference, like how one can like some musician's style or type of food, thus to them that --
My greatest accomplishment is having the entire speech memorized
LOL That’s what I heard (only on 25), first serious arc isn’t til like 57 apparently I tried reading the manga to go faster but that’s shit out of order compared to the anime lmao
The DEPTH and EXTENT of his CORRUPTION and TREASON and SEDITION will take a long time to be revealed. Let's hope #JUSTICE comes for him before his natural demise, so that we may witness his just reward...
B) .....knowledge that it was false or with willful disregard for its truth or falsity. The "whistleblower" complaint reads like the Steele dossier. Written by more than one person. Lawyers. Congressional staff. You watch. Pelosi got played.
I’m more bitter about the mavericks statement jerseys to be honest
7. The Liberals, having no leadership-quality MPs, put a smiley nonentity before the cameras and won the 2015 election when Canadians got tired of Stephen Harper's sour/wooden personality. This continual LPC degeneration over the past 35 years: do you feel that it's real?
— witchcraft was regarded, she who had been the result of the love of two powerful beings. ... if it was her. Pushing back down the tempest looming in green eyes, Rowena scoffed. "I read the magic in ye the moment I saw ye. Repressed, granted, but the magic is there which —
Who are we kidding every month is jimin's month but october's the most special im so exciteddd #HelloJimtober
Mrř'êŕr-ěth, Doctor! This one hopes you are well, and the medbay empty. #allstartrek
Walter, what the hell is w/ all the people who swore he was a straight shooter, a good man, a good lawyer & a non-partisan person who came into office at great personal expense and should be confirmed? Was that all just "we know him and he's one of us, so of course we like him"?
I really chose a career that needs my brain to work really well all the time
You and me be always on the same team ugh. Love that for us
I think it's fun to either sit back and watch the madness ensue on Twitter or dive headlong into it. I like options.
Parents, fans, community members and Tiger Nation supporters... reminder that you can purchase the game ball from Friday night's 58-6 win over Nocona. The ball features the date and score of the game. Contact  at twylie.org for the details!
I'm actually crying I can't believe we missed the most special moments of both their lives and nobody provided content yet #BiebersWedding
Just let me help you. It might be the best option for you!
Awesome! I heard from some of the neighbours that it was fantastic.
We all do.....same as we all wanna see what Baker does. Lol comparing the skill set talent, remember who Baker has on that squad.
Does anyone know how long after you get your ears pierced till you can change them out. I've never had my ears pierced but I'm thinking of getting them for the weddings I'm attending. Im wearing Pearl's for my nieces ,and I want to wear pearl earrings.
Blue Sin is back this Friday Night at the Lazy Gator! Come party with us. Come hear some Classic Rock from the 70’s & 80’s and Rock from that time on!! Great mix of Dance and Listening LIVE Music!! Come support LOCAL Live Music!!!! See you there!
Believe these women of color and all the smart and true things they say it’s time to end this draconian policy that seeks only to punish certain women in our society. #shedecides #herbodyherchoice #repealhyde #reproductivehealth #reproductivejustice
I want stamp duty to be abolished nationwide and replaced with land tax. This would solve the misallocation of housing stock. So many retirees still live in too big family homes and too many families cannot afford family homes.
oof i'm so in love with wooseok my heart hurts for him wanna give him all the love, hugs and kisses in the world my love you're soo precious to me good night my angel
For God and for youth The entire Executive Council of Catholic Youth Organization of Nigeria, (CYON) Falomo, wishes her members a Happy Independence day. May the good Lord who granted us independence, grant us the…
jesses_elsewhere is now live streaming HERO MODE on The Legend of Zelda: Link's Awakening! Join the Adventure #Twitch #Mixer and #Youtube !
Except when you divulge intelligence assets to the Russians. Don "Corleone" Trump, Puppet of Russia.
Having like an hour in the game which isn't nearly enough time to actually get a feel for what it's like. And now people are pissing and moaning about how he's spent the last week doing bugfixes rather than changing the core mechanics of the game for those people that probably
Oh well! Breitbart! Why not just poll the klan and the neo nazi's? How exciting for you!
VANILLA & COFFEE SCRUB PACKAGE  Ande Lumut SPA Grand Surya Hotel Kediri GRAND SURYA HOTEL KEDIRI "where the business and leisure blends" : Jl. Dhoho No. 95 Kediri 64123 Jawa Timur - Indonesia : +62 354…
Darlin when I went to basic training for Women's Army Corps our Drills use to tell us we would always have to do 2xs more than the men just to be considered half as good. But, that really wasn't difficult. The trick was not to do so obviously better..or they would eliminate you.
The disappointment in  's voice when she learned a dildo WAS thrown on the field yesterday, but not shown on the was most sincere I think I've ever heard her.
At a dinner party in 2017 it was reported that Trump said he would call on the right-wing militias to protect him if attempts were made to remove him from office. He just blew the dog whistle. Go to breitbart and read the user comments. The mosh pit of the deplorables.
What if all the pedo groupies at MIT were replaced with these cute MIT bunnies?
Well that is true, and the heat is different between east and west. I’d like to see all those places excluding Montana lol.
I thought the same thing. Guess they are doubling down. LOL
6’0 F/C Darrionna Howard of Clayton HS (NC) will attend the Fresh Outta Middle School Invitational October 12-13th in Raleigh, NC!!!
You are most welcome. Now, if you want to pack the house go beat the dog shit out of Clemson and Wake. You won't see an empty seat in the house if you keep winning. Best FSU looked in years on Saturday night on both sides of the ball.
Yh I think Islamic parameters can be taught and the person can abide or not but positive sex, safe sex and sexual health (inc birth control) should be taught w assumption that young people are and will be sexually active. It's a long conflict bw abstinence and comprehnsive sex ed
me: wondering why I’m breaking out like I’m about to break the world record also me: washing my face once a day n eating McDonald’s almost every day aside from 10kg of sweets
It’s kind of in the middle. Vault was pretty good, bars not bad, beam not bad, but floor was tough.
「 I skimmed over this. And, yeah. Superman isn’t all that impressive compared to Saitama or Boros, still. And the resurrection IS limited, as the wiki says, he needs a sun to do so and it’s implied his body not decaying is what allows him to resurrect in JL.
It was a lot of fun. I appreciate the lighthearted comedy!!
I agree. My point is that Warren is way to the left of the average senate democrat so anything she doesn’t back him up on won’t pass
Fighting the incumbents isn't going to work. Nobody will take their power so it's best to redistribute it. Plus, exchange the banks for mega-rich whales? No thanks. Governments CAN tell exchanges to stop transacting with bitcoin. The libertarian agenda may be bitcoin's undoing.
They are in his book Cathay, but the ones I like best are https://poets.org/poem/river-merchants-wife-letter … and https://www.bartleby.com/265/299.html
Pluckers app is the best app ever I swear. Free appetizers every time i go? Bet lol
This is adorable! John Cornyn cares about a piece of legislation. It is probably the ONLY piece of legislation he cares about. It must be a money maker.
“Papa paint hair black, Dada paint hair too?” *Alex lowered himself onto the floor, he was trying to ask if Dan dyes his hair like Grayson*
The maths are not in the UK favour. It's not taking back control it's giving it away! #brexit #GetBrexitDone #GetBrexitDunce #BetterTogether #RevokeArticle50 #GetBrexitGone #CPC19
Because of how garbage the last version of this was, I decided to redo my raffle prize for  And plus I did a rainbow version because I like messing around with affects.
Just another Dem Governor that will put Michigan back in the red - ever wonder why business people make the best leaders? They don’t spend more than comes in.
Yes camber u never know how u end up. I was lucky just to be getting off the highway at the time and that's when it failed on me. I don't remember the connection, it was about 20 years ago but I remember it like it was yesterday
LOL! Thoughts & prayers for/to the people who were eagerly awaiting this release. Must be sad.
That's the kind of random moment you remember decades later and smile.
The #Steelers three keys to victory: •Commit to the running game •Generate pressure with four pass rushers •Take. Care. Of. The. Football.
Today two of our brightest are pitching  concept at #DEFAus19. Their concept - Securing Army's Future Supply Chains. Good luck gents! Tune in for the live stream #FutureReady #Innovate #OurPeople
Kawhi wouldn’t even go to the Clippers without a second star that should let you know that the roster beforehand wasn’t great Doc is just one helluva coach.
I'll feel it till the end so I could finally heal through it, I'm a good person and I deserve that. I just need to work a little bit hard to get it
Wow. His mother must be proud to have her son talk like that. Where is the ?! Also I i guess you have skill when you spray shot? lol
And the needless clevage peek a boo. I gave her the benefit of the doubt and thought maybe she didn't expect airtime today
* Tra la la. * The waters are wild today. * That's good luck...
the cute lil couple getting it to  ‘s insane remix
 will the Mmhmm Tin Mugs ever come back to the merch website. I would definitely buy some. :)
I cried .... But its time to be strong and fight to survive........ The only helper is God.
The odious Toby Young, who worked there at the time, has said the culture at the spectator was highly chauvinistic and women were "begging Boris" to grope them. Have you been querying that, or do you just target lone females with your eh, Columbo like powers of deduction?
I'm a violinist in the Louisville Orchestra and we were lucky enough to have her perform with us. Amazing woman and voice. RIP
let’s take a moment to appreciate the organizers who go out of their way to book live musicians for the drug festivals
Recommend picking up and reading this insightful book about #Islamophobia in Canada by  which will be available at the book launch events in #Ottawa & #Toronto #cdnpoli #elxn43
it does help his case for suspension. and i’m not comparing the people i’m just comparing the situations. like he should of got ejected and fined easily.
I just looked at your feed. WOWSERS. Have you done anything other than twitter today? You need to get outdoors, drink some water and smell the fresh air cuz pretty soon you won’t be allowed to go outside unsupervised.
Whaaaaat for real?? That’s awesome, this brought a lot of laughs to my friends and I, and led us to enjoy the Dead Alewives’ other skits
On a lack of curiosity on the part of abortion providers on the consequences of abortion: "shouldn’t everyone be interested in the effects on women of a surgery performed 3000 times a day?"
this is literally me during like the three months i spent in university here in brazil
Today is the birthday of the motherland 70 years old! . I wish the motherland more prosperous. More and more brilliant;. I wish the motherland more prosperous. More and more powerful;. Wish the motherland one day more than a day is good. A year more stronger than a year!
Peanut butter bell is the best flavor at bandgmilkyway, don't try to change my mind!  & G Milkyway Harmodon Park https://www.instagram.com/p/B3Df72fjSrlwYV8km8UW4EL8_KIK7S8N-ffgI00/?igshid=37vy3gpekhuh …
one day I’m going to be able to get to a place where I can do the shit I wanna do without feeling like I’m dying or on fire. this gives me so much HOPE that I’ll get there some day. hopefully that day is soon. gonna keep going bc I’ll never know if I don’t keep trying.
Can we get a Go Fund Me set up to send  to the Boghossian/Pluckrose/Lindsay totally not right wing or Christian "conference" in London? I'm sorry, we like her too much for that.
It’s hilarious to watch the end of Chicago PD while I wait for #Raw
All is in the darkness in the past. Please do not throw me away. Help me. #神山先生bot
goldi wig still on and he hit the splits?? yeah the palmettos got that #pg1887
Been thinking about a Harry Potter OC.. & made me think about a wand design like Can wands have a magic ring/clip attached the handle with a chain (that's removable at anytime) to a bracer/bracelet/armlet & could magically draw the wand back to your hand without using accio?
Hi ya'all, if ever na need nyo ng Lawyer for some cases just let me know. Maybe I could help. Including the discount rate.
I wonder if Putin's file on Schiff is as good as the Deep State's control file on him?
You're right. There has to be a compromise. Leavers have their red lines, the EU also has it's own red lines. It's the leavers who wan't to change the status quo, so it's up to them to propose a solution.
Sounds like Rudy didn't explain the whistleblower law to Liddle Donnie Dipwad. Lord knows he wouldn't understand it on his own.
The Promo when he return to wwe raw 2-15-11 & dissed John Cena was classic & it was his first time back in like 7 yrs that promo was 15mins almost & it was great
okay but people who’ve read the gilded wolves we all agree that zofia is heavily autistic coded yes
Guess who is going to the Braves game Thursday?! Who is going to be there? #ChopOn
It was the winter of 2010. At this point I was wishing to one day see winning baseball in Pittsburgh. Thank you Mr. Hurdle for being the manager that brought winning & playoff baseball back to Pittsburgh and the  franchise. You’ll always be my favorite manager!
I’ve got #Nationals winning the #NLWildCard on TBS.
: shall we cross the sparkling galaxy together? : OMG WHAT ARE U TALKING ABT?! OFC YES!!!! #첸에게_빠지는_가을 #YesWeShallCHEN #ShallWeMVOutNow #ShallWeCHEN
If you have any questions, feel free to ask! Turnaround time is 3-5 days max (sometimes sooner)! Would love to draw your OCS or fursonas especially for the Halloween season! Can't commission? That's okay! You can always RT or support through Ko-Fi! Any little bit helps!
You have a problem with Mercy's English? Just SMS the words VOTE Mercy To the number 32052 #VOTEMercyto32052 #BBNaija
I wish I was like my daughter when I was her age (6). Today she wrote in her class work that she went to mosque over the weekend & she asked for tabouli for lunch (public school).I would’ve never done that cuz assimilation () #unapologeticMuslim #arabamericanlife Proud of her
Glimmer Eyeshadow looks from AVON. Check out the gorgeous shades with high-impact sparkle. What's yo
Rainbow Arrow Nails by: Song: In The Name of Love by Martin Garrix ft. Bebe R… https://www.nailtutorials.nailvisions.com/rainbow-arrow-nails-by-%ef%b8%8fsong-in-the-name-of-love-by-martin-garrix-ft-bebe-r/ …
Okay but like why you got 0 likes and the rest eating you up
The info is out there but a chart like this would be helpful
Volunteers of America Classic is this week So r the Japan Women's Open Golf Champs and Hana Financial Group Championship.
Oh I’M sorry, the best you could never relax in your polyjuice potion.
REMINDER THAT TODAY IS THE DAY SPRITE HAS GRACED US WITH CRANBERRY GOODNESS
It's sad but funny at the same time cause you know how much they love each other. They're just throwing a tantrum. After all that moonsun became stronger cant tell if we appreciate that moment or not
there are 3 rooms In the dorm ChanYeol shares the room with Baek Hyun
“He seemed much more into starting the Kirk and Callahan Show first” —  “I think hes more into the Kirk and Callahan Show than the Gerry Callahan Show. What Ive done here, Im not saying he couldn’t do it... Well he couldnt do it.”—  Regarding
Good luck on the job hunt! Maybe some of these companies would be good for you: http://bit.ly/2moWSmw ^CR
May my country prosper and prosper. May my friends all over the world love peace and wish you all happiness
Americans will not be deceived by Democrats deception in 2020. Impeachment is their only hope of survival. Old leftist fossil elitist leaders going down slowly like the Titanic.
Does this article's headline or lead really sound to you like an exposé of a secretive meeting of the powerful? Doesn't the language like "frustrations" and "solutions" entirely validate the framework introduced by the business leaders?
at the same time he was the one working with the facility in the first place? and then in yellow wood he seems to be the one to help hyunjin up with that creepy eery smile as if “nothing is wrong”
Of course they pay less tax. And all the offshorers probably paid with expenses. I suspect not much tax take. But I wonder could it possibly be vested interest, share holdings, rich friends , favours etc not accusing just wondering.
any thing are indirect contact with the user - if you get it on your hands - you can easily get it in your water and there is some evidence for dermal contact - https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22047163
Ticket prices for Chargers/Steelers SNF are suddenly down. I suddenly find myself cheering for the Bengals tonight so the Steelers fans start selling their tickets for $16.
Only to the sweethearts that deserve it love Be kinder to yourself *kisses and hugs* You're a gem!
Well idk if u watched last night our offense wasn’t the usual. We only ran like 2 plays that was for more than 30 yards Zeke and witten fumbled. The drive was going great till witten fumbled. Amari committed bad Pi’s in the clutch many things happened that wasn’t daks fault
Stereotyping doesn’t work try again! Impeachment has been tried and fabricated for too long , the left can’t accept all this winning apparently #MAGA #Trump2020
Day 23 Starting the Global Read Aloud today with our pick- Front Desk by  Looking forward to connecting with other classes as we read this wonderful book! #GRAFront #GRA2019
And no doubt  used the “Hide Reply” feature as well. Because he is a Guardian of Truth and Defender of Discourse. #AmariAllen
Play division 2/3, not even counting the endless perks given out, and I’d bet you those who just are athletically superior would start being thankful for their scholarship. I still have $15,000 I still owe.
Reminds me of that one couple that went on a biking tour around the Middle East to show that Arabs were tolerant only executed by ISIS. https://www.jpost.com/Middle-East/Young-couple-trying-to-prove-human-kindness-among-cyclists-killed-by-ISIS-565055 …
Is this like in The IT Crowd where they gave “the internet“ to Jen just to laugh at her speech?
I heard Rex Tillerson's name the other day and was like "that was 1000 years ago."
Rt. - Good.. The #Irianian people are selling the organ to survive meanwhile the elite are sending the family off to live the good life, I'm happy their Families Can No Longer Travel to the United States. https://state.gov/iranian-regime-elite-and-families-can-no-longer-travel-to-the-united-states/#.XYz9SkFger4.twitter … #Iran #BlacklistMOIS
It sucks when my work friends and I dont have the same schedule to travel
I think a lot of people missed the point of this tweet, millionaires and owners of huge corporations are the ones that need to take the action because we won’t do much with using reusable bags or metal straws, sure it’s better than nothing but it’s not enough!!
Tomorrow is going to be the best day in a long time.  is back streaming.Lets fucking go..Cannot wait.Hopefully we get an announcement that him and  are back playing together... Must read the next bit in Cloaks voice.. "Good Shit Turner"
True, but I suggest letting someone else start them. She can do the retwist herself
I went to the beach the good view of the beach is too far from the bus stop tho.
Love all the #Resistance people responding to Rudy like "Ignore the subpoena and go straight to jail!" as if the Dems in Congress weren't petrified of using their power. They won't even fine him, let alone send him to jail, please people, remember who you're pinning your hopes on
THE FINAL CURTAIN - This great and grand lady of the Opera has transitioned...Thank you Hrand Diva for the length and breath of tour lifes work...you came, you conquered...great shall be your reward! Ase` Queen/Mother Ase` #JessyeNorman #classical #Diva
we got the results back. They're positive. We have... to stan Rosa Salazar
...Carpe Diem quam minimum credula postero’ which means ‘Seize the day, trusting as little as possible in tomorrow’ and ‘Forward, lads, once more into the breach’.... I think I still have Fido Dido paperwrap.... Thirst for More!
Hey! I am Live....come hang out and chat! You can join in on all my social platforms....Twitch, Youtube gaming...here are the links. https://www.twitch.tv/grizzleebear andhttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEcosz079vL9t1HTEV-DOGw?view_as=subscriber …
". . . but let him who boasts boast in this, that he understands and knows me, that I am the LORD who practices steadfast love, justice, and righteousness in the earth. For in these things I delight, declares the LORD." Jeremiah 9:24; Isaiah 54:5; Malachi 2:15; Proverbs 19:21-22
Noah bb~ I know how hard it is but please stand with us, with NFlying and for yourself. I believe in you. Whatever the hardships youre facing pls know youre not facing it alone. Never hesitate to come to us and we'll hear you out and make you feel better. We love you so much
The mind will not always remember exactly what happened, but the heart will always remember the feeling. ~Brigitte Nicole
I agree... but what if....shale to the rescue :) imho if production stays flat to decline oil stays here... wti 55 to 65 brent 60 to 70 any growth and oil will be punished severely
He missed several throws. Key throws. And I've been a fan of his since before they won the title. AND I'm an FSU fan. It's not "hater" it's facts.
Shout out to you for your pods. Keep up the good work!!
#TheIrishman is Martin Scorsese’s best crime movie since #Goodfellas .. really? I'm eagerly waiting to watch the film.
And here's last year's illustration of the guys in costume for a festival! https://www.patreon.com/posts/22493817
I need to switch the game from my nox to my phone so I can play it more
This time of night is the best time to think, analyse and process. If I could think like this 24/7…I’d be doing music and films with Madonna or Dolly Parton. Maybe both. Sorry, that captured my mind for about 20 secs there. Na, I’m a fan. You’re a top person.
writing of the OT prophets like Isaiah, Jeremiah, and Ezekiel). Conversely, nowhere does scripture support making it easier on someone to make unrighteous decisions.
Oofa. Dropped in the standings a little from last year. But thanks again to you both for putting this on every season. Definitely enhances my baseball experience and fun. Until next year!
‘rose gold’ has hit over 1k streams on spotify!! thank you sooo much for your support!! it means the world xx photo creds to
The problem today is people don’t cherish good people, they try to use them.
Been to good to people in the past. Had to learn quickly that love doesn’t live here anymore
It’s now been 24 hours removed, I’ve been able to catch my breathe, but I really enjoyed being a part of the  Border Battle. Loved the energy of the players putting in the work during the fall. It’s amazing how even with 2 games, some just step up as leaders.
I said I love that comment, I love it, because it's blunt, risky, and to the point, and, it's her own opinion.
Ya know how in The Sims you can zoom out into edit town mode? I want that but for. like. Life.
That is awesome you are going !! Just do it! With the right intentions, you can use this time to change for real!
Can someone PLS join my discord the group dry af. We can be friends https://discord.gg/dBNFFg #adoptmetrades #adoptmetrade #adoptmetrading
IM LOSING MY MIND HE IS THE CUTEST BOY EVER BDHSHS RENJUN RNEUUN REJNUJNNNNN RENJUNATIONNN
As many of you know, I have been a lifelong Rays fan. I wondering if anyone has a Rays T-shirt, size large, I can borrow till the end of the playoffs.:.
You deserve a shot. Take that absinthe like the champ u were meant to be
Check out the fabolous Ms  doing her Samba Dancing live from Rio de Janeiro https://youtu.be/BUB49F9u1ww Please check it out and like, share & follow my channel...
’s  , ’s Free Man Beyond The Wall, and last but not least, ’s
I dunno why you’d be disparaging the use of specific, data-driven policy making as too “technocratic” as if knowing the details doesn’t matter. They matter. And being able to communicate why they matter also matters. Warren can do that better than most.
 I have a quick question for you. You mentioned you like golden sun yet from what Ive seen of the gameplay it's not as big of a departure as say the Paper Mario games. What does it do differently enough you can love it when you arent interested in most RPGS
Wanna take pictures with friends & get a chance to be put in the spirit week vid? COME TO THE GYM  2ND HALF FOR THE REST OF THE WEEK. SPREAD THE WORD. #NPHOCO19 #BelieveTheHype
The better my effort the wetter her treasure, the more these mere moments seem like heaven or temporary forevers
It’s a cool day when you and your daughter both get to work on the same show. It’s was a quick 48 hour trip but we were also able to celebrate our upcoming birthdays just a little early. #lovethiskid…
I love the changing images in the header. Lovely, darling
You're The Reason I Smile You are the reason I smile first in the morning & your thoughts put me to sleep every night. You make everyday feel like a beautiful melody, I never want it to stop, cause it feels so right. I love you!
Here likes Mike, he was like a week ago and I was like oh well I guess you are not going to be able to get to the bottom of the page and I was like
I'm a fan of blow jobs during the game. Sex and football totally go together. #MondayNightFootball
For sure, I didn't go inside, but from the outside it's awesome...next time!
#ScheerDisaster So Andrew must have had his training on how to lie from  because he lies about everything. No one can trust a politician to tell the truth anymore. What in God’s name is going on? What happened to INTEGRITY? Does anyone have any anymore? Bums!!
Hopefully YG, Chanel, and those Jennie fans learn from this. YG send the same amount of guards for all the girls, and it was up to the brand to provide the rest but if YG knew Chanel would provide sufficient security they should have provided more.
all bradley cleveland beef aside... good luck to everyone on the ACT. also, know your worth doesn’t come from a number. get some sleep and eat a good breakfast.
Thats one of my favorites of him next to Idle Hands. I mean in the 90s tho what movie was not worth it? #90sTheBestEra
Goldendoodle, all the way (golden retriever + poodle). It’s the perfect blend of sporty, in a chic way, and trendy.
cherish the moments we have with them. let them go down in history.
I’m supporting the indigenous cause and hope by wearing an orange shirt we never administer the kind of treatment to those children in the future.
Awww, isn't that precious. Adding 'snooty journalist' to your bio. My mom always said, 'if the shoe fits wear it". Fits pretty damn good on you. Journalist = special (PROTECTED) class of people.
I wanted to revisit this. I started Chubb. Not knowing he was going to go off. I traded him,Dissly, D.Robinson for Dalvin Cook. Because the transaction was on a Saturday it won’t go through until tomorrow. So got Chubb and the monster game this week. Lucky me.
Hey SRU! This week we want to give out some nice, quick tips for being successful at career and internship fairs! So our first tip is to MAKE SURE to wear your name tag on the RIGHT so when employers go to shake your hand they can clearly see your name!
It is a puh kahn. A pee can is something you put under your bed in case ya can't make it to the outhouse in time or its dark and safer inside.
Clearly having a bit too much fun in the background there It was lovely meeting you - fingers crossed I’ll be able to tweet a similar ITV success story in 15 years
Excellent piece of communication. You need to get it published more widely. It really lays things out for the layperson.
#100DaysOfCode D93 Cleaned up the mess I created when troubleshooting. Optimised class inheritance. Made logging more readable by adding colours and splitting logs into DEBUG and INFO categories. What started as a playpen grew up to a almost 400 lines - time to move it to GitHub
he’s not the right manager. Job is way too big for him. I love the guy, he’s a legend and a fantastic player. That doesn’t mean that u can be a fantastic coach. It just doesn’t work like that
but we already didn't beat all the teams outside of the top 6...
Uhm, based on what particular detaills? I would love to see him exit, but I don't think he should getvaway without paying the price. We need to know where the bodies are buried & who is running this show.
Trying to merge. Hope I can stop production of the pathtags to change address.
For a day that started out with you feeling "iffy", you are ending the day very eloquently inspirational.
1. It's your money that somebody else is promising you if you vote for them. 2. And yeah I know that's exactly why Yang has "democracy dollars." He knows the unethical implications of "I directly give you money, you keep me in power." Quid pro quo.
He has no idea the Pandora’s box that is opened. How are the taxes going to be paid? How is title 9 going to come into play? You know it will.
When  and I decided to collaborate on Super Crate Box, I didn't know how much the launch in October 2010 would change my life. It started , and made everything I've done since possible. It feels momentous to launch that game again, 9 years later, on Switch.
about me LGBTQ+ ‍ ‍ B ‍ no ‍ ... ‍ yes ‍ yes ‍ no... ‍ yes ‍ of course ‍ always ‍ I think 14 years ‍ ... ‍ obvious ‍ yes drop an emoji for the questions
We are about to see some major historical shit go down! We better anyway! This Trumpassholian era better be nipped in the bud by the house or it will be the end of America as we knew it!
I need to start going to the gym just build my upper body. I wanna walk around shirtless too! Lmao it is too hot for these things
I mean it's all the same isn't it? It sends the message that love transcends shape, form, species or sex they are not even from the same species
My cats always think they can take on the neighborhood squirrels but I just don’t have that much faith in them.
Definitely will be getting in on this after I get my wife’s Bday and our anniversary out of the way.
At first I shipped TezuFuji the most but now that I'm older I realize the ultimate Seigaku OTP is InuKai..... That's the good stuff man
when weird things you did as a kid suddenly make sense funny how all the signs were there and very obvious but i was still told to “stop acting like that” and i’ll “grow out of it” lmao
I’m having a hard time comprehending how out of touch the writer of this article is lol
This is one of the reasons why i want to live in a slightly warmer country. Somewhere where i never need to take a jacket with me "Just in case"!
Hey  how about a deal or a free pizza??? Get in the Halloween spirit
When Claire’s doing a Gourmet Make and Brad’s just here to do shenanigans (with a bonus Chris in the back).
Yeah. Now Bon Jovi will be on his cabinet in the extremely unlikely chance he gets elected
Tell us about yourself 1- Asia 2- Single 3- BTS-HOME 4- 3,000+ 5- Tumblr 6- L 7- Niether 8- Black/AA 9- 2 10- None 11- Negativity 12- 2007-now 13- BTS!! 14- You're a big ol' UwU Drop an emoji for the questions!
WHAT DOES TRUMP MEAN BY "PERFECT PHONE CALL". WAS IT PERFECT BECAUSE HE ASKED THE UK PRES. 2 GIVE HIM DIRT ON HIS OPPONENT SO HIS COUNTRY COULD GET THEIR MONEY.
Has  remembered she used to be a left wing journalist writer on the  and now she’s a pound shop opinionated shouty right wing excuser of BorisJohnson. Times they are a changing all right. What a fucking joke. #skynews
It takes a lot of courage to release the familiar and seemingly secure, to embrace the new. But there is no real security in what is no longer meaningful. There is more security in the adventurous and exciting, for in movement there is life, and in change there is power.
lol yelling at decrepit old people to bash the fash
Impeachment is a game played by Dems to influence the 2020 election. Dems will make sure this plays out through the election. #thestory #tucker
Had a great visit with my parents this weekend. I’m going to start going home more often now that I can take Spirit from New Orleans to Dallas, and just rent a car and drive it the rest of the way.
The fact that this is her 4th marriage screams "b*tch please give up"
orri is the nicest person i have ever had the pleasure of knowing how did i get so lucky
“...the whistleblower statute was changed one month before they put this into gear, eliminating firsthand knowledge. The whistleblower doesn’t have to have firsthand knowledge. The whistleblower can engage in hearsay. You think that’s coincidental?”
Just what the doc ordered.. <3 anti-depressants !!!!!
EXACTLY! We only saw some of the trash they spewed I KNOW there was more so please by all means tommy tell us what it is. Please cause I don’t want to hear any excuse. I want a logical answer for your stupidity
LOL I love watching the right eat itself and steal lefty memes to own Charlie Kirk it's fun
What what?! Erin just got the first triple play on our team! What a way to end a Monday!!     #EvvMacAttack
Love the skull in the jack o lantern. Great accessory.  #halloween2 #michealmyers
somehow scratching my cat’s cheek made me remember a weird autistic thing i did when i was a kid to help calm myself and stuff. i would scratch at my baby blankets with my index finger and it was somehow the most satisfying thing in the world???? don’t think i ever found a match.
So that's three votes, champ. *Golf clap* Also, I don't watch the show, but isn't the premise dancing WITH a partner?? "Voted for me" and "I dance last"....just sayin'....
GOD Bless Our 45th President Donald J Trump And The United States of America, Long Live The Republic. #TRUMP2020
Condolence to the whole family and She May Rest In Peace. Be strong bhe  I feel you.
Enjoy. I’m sure you’ll see a lot of love from the community.
Thanks Paddle for the shout out! Reminds me of boat races on the Ohio River IFB
From the “you can’t make this sh*t up” department. Guy dies. Wife calls woman friend over to help. Wife gives this friend the deceased’s sub sandwich. She brings it home. She has pheumonia. She gives it to Frank. Frank gives it to me saying “I got you a sandwich”.
Yes. In fact he would take the time to sculpt the perfect crater before pouring in the gravy.
Mr. President, you’re this generation’s Malcolm X. All of us in the #BlackLivesMatter movement love you and want to personally thank you for your fight
If  are serious about addressing their halfback dilemma, then Seibold needn’t look too far as Sezer ticks all the boxes as an experienced No.7 who ‘could’ about to lead the Green Machine to the promised land https://www.smh.com.au/sport/nrl/wanted-job-for-next-year-grand-final-halfback-in-shop-window-20190930-p52w7x.html … #NRLGF #BronxNation #NRL
Don't forget to sign up for parent teacher conferences. If you have any questions please email the school and we will work with you and your student. We look forward to meeting with all of our parents!
LOL! The public today has a higher approval than that favoring impeachment. And Trump does not, has never had, 50% approval. Lies.
I’m not referring to how I did the pony I’m referring to actually looking good in a slick pony. Its not easy to do.
The other day a man said hello to me so I smiled at him, and he said "YOU'RE NOT GONNA SAY HI BACK, BITCH?!?!" But yeah, your thing is probably the same.
Aaron probably has done a lot for the family and Nick takes the credit. Perhaps. Aaron did his share and Nick won't let him have the credit.
 Just wondering....are you a straight "by the book" DM, or do you feel that sometimes the rules are up to "interpretation"?
Hmmmm are you guys thinking what i'm thing - the lord is good to Bambam & Teddy A #dialo, Ike & Mercy Gedoni & Khafi see the BamTeddy model and don' t disappoint us or else.... #BBNaija
Excited to share the latest addition to my #etsy shop: It's Fall Play Ball FOOTBALL SIGN Wall Art Door Plaque Hanger Seasonal Decor Wood Wooden Wreath Embellishment Handcrafted Hand Painted https://etsy.me/2n5o7mG #housewares #homedecor #holiday #seasonal #homeandlivin
They should not forget the participation that goes with engaging
With the old contract with Easton, middle infielders did not have to use Easton gloves, but they had to black out the label if they used something else. All others had to use Easton. Had to use the bats too clearly.
( bringing it to his lips he gave the blondes pinkie a light kiss before breaking their pinkies apart. ) thank you, kacchan.
#NoeValleyBranch TOMORROW TUE 10/1 ATA  Library, #Viva edition.   16mm presentation of  alum Calogero Salvo's 1984 documentary #LaGuajira, w more surprises TBA!
We must be more kind to each other because we really don’t know what the next person is going through.
China is the largest carbon emitter in the world. Here's what the country has to do to reach its vast potential for emissions reduction https://ti.me/2o2Vne4
I honestly think the DBs overall have been pretty good. Much better than most people think
In construction, we all know that job costing can be a minefield. With the right resources, software and support, you will be on your way to more accurate costings and you'll save time and money in the long run. #Construction #SmallBusinesshttps://www.xero.com/resources/small-business-guides/accounting/construction-job-costing/?utm_source=boma&x=boma …
Thank you so much  for the kofi!!! You are such a lovely sweetheart and you are going to GO PLACES ♡´・ᴗ・`♡
Finally got to see the boy  and he did not disappoint what a set #CRSSD
This is how I know I’m dealing with a deluded partisan. I didn’t vote for him nor have ever supported him with the exception of moving on after the election results. What I’m against is one political party trying to undo an election. It’s you who aren’t supporting our democracy.
it's so perfect for me because it gives my hands something to do and also my mouth something to do it's the perfect fidget
Glycomics should answer that easily. On that note could it be that free glycans are reacting with NH2 of the Guanoise? My assumption would be that pngase f still would be able cleave these single glcnac n glycans.
Never let the things you want make you forget the things you have. #becomingmorewithpaula #purposedrivenlife #focus #blessed #thankful #balance #teamdreambuilders. #jordanessentials #livelife
The joys of car ownership :) A week after I bought mine someone in the parking lot effed up my front fender with a nice gouge and took off my fog light frame. A month after, I somehow acquired slurry on the hood and with the removal came some small scratches. Battle scars.
The Republican Party is complicit in trumps treasonous behavior. Country Before Party #CountryBeforeParty #TrumpTreason #realDonaldTrump
bc I refuse to do another mf 34 hour reset on the road , after this weekend, mf better have me coming back to west Memphis every Friday .
Allen will probably be back for the Miami game after the bye. good game to come back.
Go back home, if you're lucky you'll find some drinks on the house!
this is like bragging about getting an endorsement from the National Socialist Party
The conversation lasted longer than Gardner... but alright.  Keep trying. Or just actually understand what Wall Street is/means.
Women of a certain size can only be the best friend or somehow being bigger is something to make fun of or change in order for her to be successful.
Lmao I’m the “spiri González”, parezco seńora de tianguis
 you have the interview with Mr. Giuliani - the one where he admitted he talked with Ukranian officals about investigating the Bidens at the request of the State Deptment? Rudy should have to testify under oath, with a hand on the bible before the American people.
That's actually why I was surprised the first person that replied on my fb post said the same thing makes me even more curious on the move
An inertial frame of defence and The surface of the earth spin is not relevent. But then I understand what all the words mean
First, it is because of Obama that we have had such a strong economy. Second, your deregulation will lead to pollution of our streams, parks and oceans. Third, your foreign policy is costing farmers their livelihoods. I could go on, but you get the idea. #ImpeachTrump
I just realized since my coworker left I’m the top dog around the office and can rearrange how I want......... brb
Man, I was a star employee and did everything and was still being told that. I was like, excuse me? I never heard it in any training before, but man, hearing it in a workplace that was barely ever busy in the first place was something else.
OShop for the Arts opens at Manhattan Beach Hometown Fair. handmade totes & quilts. I mix novelty prints with music prints to honor my mom who played piano for groups 'til 101 yrs old. Facebook Twitter Pinterest Instagram
Moh Ahmed ( ) wins BRONZE in the men's 5000m, the first distance medal for Canada on the track at a track and field world championships https://buff.ly/2o45wHq #Doha2019 #WorldAthleticsChamps
It is pretty karmicly hilarious that the day they try to launch a viral campaign the incarceration of one of their own takes up all the oxygen...
That would be awesome! I just moved to La Crosse, so I’m hoping the cities have a few shows I can check out!
Someone daughter need to come cuddle me. I’m skinny af and need all the help I can get this fall.
Here’s something even more beautiful... the truth.
A good book for children to learn about the struggle of immigrants
where do people get the bravery to do this omg yall dont know how camera works huh
anyway best ikon song literally perfection and the acting is chef's kiss #4YearsWithAirplane
Please post a video of your  waitress saying something about our #Moneyball contest to qualify for the two free tickets. Thanks!
as a steelers fan litterally no one is gonna pick the bengals and that has me feelin like the bengals are going to pounce on us not having ben and crush us
Rick, how was it that so many intelligent Republicans decided to support the guy who destroys everything he touches? I just don't get why, unless they're all the same people.
Stay tuned for more information regarding "Spooky Purple Popcorn" that will be sold during the month of October. Purchases for this popcorn will be made on SchoolCash Online! Donations collected will be made to raise awareness and help with research for Rett Syndrome!
If it wasnt for the traffic it would be pretty close to perfect
Nutmeg? I'm intrigued now! I shred kale and then put on top of potato soups just before serving. I love the texture it gives! And I -love- homemade kale chips. Paprika, Red Pepper flakes, and minced garlic, plus a tiny bit of salt when they come out of the oven
Many thanks to Petra for the mention! Major Matthew USMC
Kate Silverton Attends The TRIC Awards in London https://www.dailymail.co.uk http://celebs2.space/kate-silverton-attends-the-tric-awards-in-london/ …
She won the popular vote!! tRUMP is an illegitimate president and you know it!!
Condolences to , his sister and brother, Mario on the loss of their mom. Very lovely lady who worked tirelessly for her children and family. Marco is an excellent father and it was obvious he learned that from his parents.
Litterally anyone can start a business. If you have a social security number you can start one today. You are not forced to work for anyone ever. That's slavery. The market will decide what your worth, and if you don't like it- make your labor more valuable
So spot on! Across the water they treat us with utter contempt and couldn’t give a fuck about NI. Then another country sharing the same island wanting to help. I truly don’t understand this fascination with wanting to be British and I’m a Protestant.
I've been meaning to dig further into it, since the farthest back I know of was the Trials, but now you've piqued my curiosity
Yes, Thank you, President Trump!! U R the only one that knows what the blank is going on in the world! U R simply AMAZING!!!!
haha ay I need the exact same. down 40 with these 2 left
Atleast the console demos let you carry your appearance data too the full game soo saved me good amount of time making mines :D
this is the funniest moment in tv don’t  https://youtu.be/Hyu0n1pTfhg
my nigga be moaning like a mf bro chill dis the same pussy from last time
Oh boy, sad! My introduction to Jessie came to my attention when I arrived in NYC 1964 and her name in opera one of the very few female black opera singers in those days. My generation of performers are awesome, overcoming what was to get over! RIP, OH, GLORIOUS VOICE!
"And when he had said this, he breathed on [them,] and saith unto them, Receive ye the Holy Ghost:" ~John 20:22 #Jesus #Bible #Faith
does he have anything to say to the latin people? maybe in spanish :)
That's it for the EOQ/EOM thoughts. I already feel like that's TMI. Good luck this Quarter There is A TON of opportunity at this time. If you can't see it, maybe you need to look at things differently...
Joe Maddon most likely to be the next coach for the !! Hopefully he’s bringing some pitchers with him!
This is the kind of research we need to do a lot more of: apparently kids who are good at math and science are more likely to do better in math and science in college. Groundbreaking stuff.
gotta back Ole though, in hindsight we probably should’ve stuck it out with Jose but until the glazers and Ed do one, I can’t see much improving.
If you're around Edo or Delta and seeking to get a new Device, then this is the best time as ABR Tech is offering massive discounts across all products, Phones, accessories and everything. It's Independence, It's…
What a mighty President who cares for as all! He has been a blessing to America and the American people! Our love and prayers!...
The kids asked, I listened! I have a room FULL of students who are always asking to help out around the room or during the day. We decided to create a classroom jobs chart so each student knows exactly what their job is for the week! #WEareLakota #ForTheKids
Alright guys, looks like Sonic Adventure DX is the winner! We've gotten through Sonic & Big's stories, so time to tackle the others! Rah rah! Come hang out with us!! I am LIVE, baby! https://www.twitch.tv/emmieeverlove
you KNOW you’re on the phone with your best friend when you be sitting in weird places like this AHAHAHAH
have you driven accross the 401 in to quebec? its like getting swallowed up by a black hole...
THEY BETTER STAY EITH THE WHOLE 2 hours on USA. Cuz I don’t be watching the second hour cuz their streaming is so shitty lol
 I was just wondering can you plz do a video about this guy called nasheeha sessions plz. He make really religious video and over he is a bad person because of it. I know your probable not going to see this but it worth the try.
A super idea from Morrison, but is it any good? | The New Daily https://thenewdaily.com.au/news/national/2019/09/30/a-super-idea-from-morrison-but-is-it-any-good/ …
One of the boys at my crosswalk said I look like Brian Peppers today.
Another cool giveaway! Also, I found the winning shirt, was browsing the  site and this one is awesome!https://www.prowrestlingtees.com/wrestler-t-shirts/brethart/hitman-8-bit.html …
1 day till #OctoberChallenge. Last year I successfully watched and reviewed a horror movie every day in the challenge. I have my list for this year all ready. Can't wait to work through a bunch of stuff I've been meaning to watch! My 2018 reviews:
crazy how call of duty on the phone is way more fun than black ops 4
The investigation is likely concluded. DOJ/IG recently gave Comey and McCabe a chance to comment on IG report that is due. This may be along the same lines
I ain’t a God and you ain’t a Goddess. If you want me to worship you then you got the wrong man, getchu a polytheist and prosper
Not having sex and trying to be by myself to make myself the best version of myself and not waste that sexual energy on the wrong people IS SO HARD.. but I’m doing it and I’m worth this transition I’m going through.
 I told the driver after a few missed calls that I couldn’t answer the phone for a valid reason and that I was on my way but he still left? Would like my money back please
After listening to CPC supporters cry about "splitting the conservative vote" for over a year at PPC supporters, maybe they should talk to Andrew Scheer about it. Actually scratch that. He won't listen to you anyways, and he's gaining the PPC so much support! #PPC2019 #elxn43
Read the actual transcript, not Adam Schiff's version. And no, Biden is not above the investigative powers of the most powerful chief enforcement officer on Earth simply because he is running for office.
Exactly. The #TrumpCrimeFamily While all those people are running around criming, Jared and Ivanka and Junior and Eric are grifting up a storm around the world, aided by undeserved Top Security clearances unilaterally granted by papa.
It is disheartening to see the denial of photo opportunity with honorable PM, to the mentors judges and Technologist from private organisations in the recently held #SingaporeIndiaHackathon2019 these are the people who bring the real soul to the technology hackathons
Low wages and high property costs cited by Hong King’s young people as reason for “lack of hope for the future”. Remind you of anywhere?
I donate regularly to the Mozilla Foundation. I really do believe in their vision for a truly free and open Web, and they are the last stand against corporate-backed browser homogeneity.
What's the mistake? The only thing I can notice is that it has a different white color back. Btw your work awesome.
Stevo obviously has never read a Nancy Drew novel. The liars and cheaters always get justice and truth wins in the end.
.  hopes  will "encourage kids to become more politically involved and to get out there and vote." : https://bit.ly/2ne5xbW
Well ain’t that a kawinkydink... < [benpershing: NEWS: Pompeo was on the Trump-Zelensky of Ukraine today to discuss their organization March For Our Lives and how it advocates for gun safety whil…
God gives you free will to follow Him or anybody else you choose. But the caveat is you lose His benefits by going with someone else.
You're the best I've ever had, you're the worst I've ever had and that keeps fucking with my head
 if you start the stream in th Ernest hour I can’t join after that I free all night so if you doing you annual post of in one hour is the stream I a ok no ROBLOX without me. Brb
Haha.. breaking the law. Lol. Now  knows all about breaking laws and everything else!
Great stream hitting up the duos with  and ! Super fun games. :-) Thank you very much to everyone who tuned in today, everyone who dropped subs or bits. The bit alert was well received and I loved seeing everyone's bit llamas next to their names
He was like at the house down the street it's not like we didn't put posters up. My dad didn't even do anything about it
RATED SPG 1) butt 2) monggol 3) kwarto 4) dili 5) HAHAHAHA miskan unsa 6) yas 7) sa bahay 8) ay unsa pa? HAHAHA charlangs 9) Mpmpmp 10) ala pa Fave this and i'll send the q's no KJ ALLOWED
Wishful thinking, I'm afraid. This is just one of many communications b/w Ukraine and the WH, Congress, Pompeo, Giuliani and his assistants (the ones that were subpoenaed today) about this. Ukraine was clear that there was a holdup with the missiles before the call with Trump.
REMINDER The class hoco and game day shirts are to DUE TOMORROW! Turn into room #17! Don't forget! #hocoshirts #gamedayshirts #hoco2019
// I turn myself on because I believe I believe in me I believe in my expression I believe in what I am here to create my artistry is my purpose the passion of the heart fuck, I AM ART I always have been an artist,…
Exactly. And it’s transitioning onto the field already. Young guys doing good things all over the field. Studs currently committed. Several more coming into the boat soon. The evaluations are on point too. Not all are 4/5*
#CAP105GVSU at the opening of new Culver’s lol #whereismyfood2019
Do you expect Chief Minister should start overnight manufacturing and create surplus stock of vegetables? Solutions lie very much with the consumers themselves -Find alternatives
I heard the NBA wants you for the skills challenge next year will Gerald accept??
you have to let go of the past in order to receive new blessings.
Only at home today because of my dental appointment which I have to go back again to do next Monday for the bridge then hopefully I’ll be just there for cleanings, but ear appointment is on Thursday too,so I might do same thing like today; 135,114,156, with the medicine ball,
The amount of UNIST I play every week needs to be more than what I'm doing now. I feel that I could do really well at events if I grinded more during the week.
You could make Depends ad with one well placed camera in the Oval.
The Alliance for Safe Biologic Medicines:L'Alliance for Safe Biologic Medicines publie, lors du congrès de l'ESMO 2019, les résultats préliminaires de l'enquête menée auprès de prescripteurs européens de médicaments https://portal.prpro.be/#/fr/detail/81731/title …
It great for Rock to come back I would love to see him and  cena share the ring together
They are busy looking for places with no extradition treaty with the United States.
Getting to know the players through the podcast is so much better than reading about them since you get to know them unscripted, unedited. Thanks again and our family cant wait hear the post game from Mayday and you!! Our kids miss the cussing though!
I’m being extra nice to the hooman tonight because I saw her walking around with treats.
I don't know how much I'll play Kitana after this patch. Like sure, give her a 50/50, but giving her a 50/50 that is safe regardless of what you do? I don't know about that one. If they were making low fan amp safe, then the string should've been made unsafe to balance it
What questions? Do you know the young girl? Is she a trouble maker or is she a good student? Do you know the you boys who were accused? Are they trouble makers or are they good students? Or are any of these kids in your class? Are these basic questions you would like answered?
Will my Cali friends (?) accept that I’m rooting for the Dodgers this post season?
He clearly tried to hit with his pads. His head is attached to his shoulders. The top of Allen's helmet hit the side of Jones helmet. Short of being "headless" - there's nothing else Jones coulda done.
It is not the end of the world . There is no success without a failure.Let him know that there is no way to go now but up!
Adam: "You're just like the rest so go ahead and take a number" Also Adam : "I don't want to be a number wanna feel like a loverboy" Maybe he got messages about that.
Fair. But playing for the home run ball is THE strategy in pro golf, football & baseball Much the same way that equipment & Trackman have reduced some of the variety from Tour golf, rule changes inhibiting defenses have reduced the variety of skills those teams need to develop
Actually true! Thank yousir! Jesus was atheist Romans added deity worship back to appeal to the pagans We call it. Jesus's all encompassing love! Marketing! Our theology includes many amazing facts! Seeking principals. Churchorganic 2019
Worried about getting too far away from the basics. A reminder: Remember the coarse beauty of the world, Remember what is common among us, Remember that all of those details (As lovely as they are!) May in an inadvertent way... Split. Divide. And polarize
me not knowing anything about the album but definitely purchasing
also I went up in front of my class today and did a presentation of my favorite artworks from the baroque period and I included “Judith Beheading whats his name” cause I thought it was badass
Happy Independence Day sir  I need your assistance with 50k to rent a shop and start my work as a computer technician sir. I celebrate my freedom on the 15th of June this year. And to rent a shop is 4k per month which is 48k per year.. please help
Breaking: Former SU basketball star  tells  that he would like to play for  in the  next season
Getting a haircut when the barber asks, "Do you want the top combed back or pushed over?" and me tripping over my words, culminating in "I'm definitely a push over" has got to be the most on brand thing I've done.
Hi Guys. Very stoked for tonight. Some great news. Come say Hi & see what all the HYPE is about!!! http://twitch.tv/Sir_Baweskoe
Yooooo they really do have new math. I was helping my little cousin with some multiplication. She was like "that's not how you're supposed to multiply" and she starts drawing out a box and making a chart to get the same answer.
2020 Makur Maker 7’0 Pacific Academy will be at event October 6th. The multidimensional 5 star prospect is the definition of a unicorn. One of the most skilled 7 footers we’ve seen at HS level. Can legitimately play on the perimeter & in the post. Big time character. #JuVSandbox
Many #Dorset folk from the #BlackmoreVale served on #Newfoundland cod fishery ships sailing from #Poole - be interesting how far you find any #westcountry #wessex links
You're probably made fun of for other reasons. Jesus Christ why the fuck are people acting like they are attacked for being straight and think it happens everywhere
Planet. It’s fun, quick to learn and play, and the magnets are cool
For the past year and a half I’ve been really honest.
We are shaped by our thoughts; we become what we think. When the mind is pure, joy follows like a shadow that never leaves. Buddha #vibe #wavey #chill #trapmusic #hiphopmusic #beatsforsale #freebeats #godsdontdiehttps://youtu.be/V9DqmVejiv0
What?!?! Wooooo!!!!!!!!!!! That's so awesome! Fan service, part 3: return of the anime!
 was just trying to promote vegetarianism and got attacked by some bored bitches can u absolutely imagine being that pressed :/ ilu ur the prettiest princess jealousy is a disease wishing them well
If the new business schedule in HoC on 9th Oct wins through, Corbyn will make your decision sensible.
How exciting that the film will open in my beloved Ireland. You all need to see it, you have lost your way
"The more successful you are, the more humble you should be. You can be the most successful person around but if you have no humility, you won’t go far".-  #SalmanKhan #TuesdayThoughts #TuesdayMorning #TuesdayMotivation Just #BeingHuman !!!
But regular Below Deck starts next week so the fun will continue!
I know a girl like this who thinks she shits trends.. you hit the nail on the head with “you barely wanna be you” that is sooo fucking true
I'm telling you, I want to redo all the Stephen Miller videos dubbing in Peter Lorre's voice
He was a loyal staffer/henchman for his predecessor in the seat (Bill Thomas).
Those policies are solid, we all want low taxes, stronger schools, Criminal Justice Reform, stronger more stable families, if the politicians that we promote to vote for don't push for more tangible things after they've been voted in then it's all for nothing,
This trainer makes sure to tell you multiple times in front of your admin and grade level that illustrated vocabulary cards to support comprehension of the text aren’t important. Also you’re the inclusion teacher and over half of your class is ELL.
Congratulations to these lovely ladies on completing the Dreamlash Pro Eyelash Extensions Training this past weekend in Vancouver! We cannot wait to see where your lashing journey takes you. http://www.dreamlash.net
You forgot Enchanted Arms, which has one of the first openly gay/genderqueer party characters I can remember in a videogame and Lost Odyssey, which was Microsoft Studios sendup of Final Fantasy and one of the best turn based RPGs I've ever played.
But, you make nothing but mistakes and major GOP supporters continue to rise in support for one of the most honestly American President we have seen in our lifetime. #Trump2020
Briam Morales welcome  Thank you for being part of the pokemon group. https://twitter.com/Briamsk8er
We're Praying for all the families affected. Please send your Prayer requests by DM to  .
Win The Ultimate Game of Thrones Giveaway! https://www.chimerascomics.com/giveaways/win-ultimate-game-of-thrones-giveaway/?lucky=5204 …
And he said unto them, Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature. He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved; but he that believeth not shall be damned. Mark 16:15-16
i love how caelynn is still posting on instagram like “THE JIG IS UP!! YES IM DATING DEAN! (-:” as if paradise didn’t end airing weeks ago
Why does the media do this every year then complain that the patriots win the super bowl? Like y’all feed them bulletin board material
If that helps u sleep at night how about beating him with better policies and great economic ideas instead of bankrupting the country by spending trillions on that green new deal crap just enjoy opposition for another 4 years
Exactly bro if Rodgers ain’t the best ever, he’s at least top 3
Love when Twitter feels the need to show me something right on my timeline because 1 person I follow liked it
I don’t give this guy enough credit. Thanks for everything you do, and for treating me like gold everyday. Your the reason for my smile.
I really try to be a good mom, but by the fourth time my child gets out of bed I’m ready to fight her
And all joking aside ... every single one would do a better job than anyone Trump has picked. And you would never have to question their loyalty to the country.
.. Backstage #UPDATE on #AEW coming to #Champaign #Illinois on 12/4 for #AEWDynamite ( #AEWonTNT) from the  .. READ  HERE: https://ewrestling.com/article/aew-dynamite-tnt-location-announced-124-episode-ticket-information-released …
I added #EdBuck to a meme, it's perfect, like he's peeping in the window. I'm sure he isn't talking about why  calls  #LiddleAdamSchiff but in the meme he sure looks worried!! #SilentMSM #EnemyOfThePeople Where's the News? #MondayMood
 it’s time to start another reminder in addition to the one for Teslacharts. Andreas Hopf another $TSLAQ ringleader promised to quit after Q3!
This does a great job of explaining the issues I have with Queer Eye. Just doesn't sit well with me. https://www.nytimes.com/2019/08/19/arts/queer-eye-kondo-makeover.html?mc=aud_dev&ad_name=%7B%7Bad.name%7D%7D&adset_name=%7B%7Badset.name%7D%7D&campaign_id=%7B%7Bcampaign.id%7D%7D&ad-keywords=auddevgate&subid1=TAFI&dclid=CMSpmpDd-eQCFUTF4QodUQkOEQ …
Hey yall I wanna say I am interested in trying to attend the anime convention San Japan 2020. I want to try again at the artist alley haha and see how it could go. I will probably say on my SFW twitter if its a yes or not. But just wanted to share a lil early about it
for BiGuel and to all their fans and admirers. I Declare in the Name of JESUS. Amen and Amen. I
Absolute honour to receive this framed plaque from His Excellency The High Commissioner of Jamaica for the 10 years service offered to reconnect the younger diaspora back to their heritage, thanking the amazing team  &
Happy Birthday Baby girl Franzel The first time I ever laid my eyes on you was when you were 10 days old Right at that very moment I knew you’d be a very special baby girl to me. You are the little sister I…
Say your school pays over $30,000 for a reading curriculum program that doesn’t offer illustrated vocabulary cards. Then you ask their trainer for vocabulary cards and they tell you not to teach the vocabulary w/ pictures to help students understand the context. It gets better..
who remembers when winwin and jungwoo promoted in the same group at the same time... that was a classic
WOW THE NEWS OF THE CENTURY!!!!! THANKS FAKE NEWS MY LIFE IF COMPLETE AFTER KNOWING THIS! TIA IMO.
My Dude - I am absolutely positive that the lamestream cable noise outlets are far, far from rock-bottom.
The way my work family embraced me today was beautiful.
Please tell it to the society! Hindi porke magaling magluto eh dapat na mag asawa! Hindi porke lagpas 30 na eh magsasara na ang butas at dapat ng mabuntis! Do not define women on their marriage status and for not having kids.
It's a h*ck of a lot easier for guys to go on like this when they don't have any skin in the game.
Same. Had some from a buffet a few weeks ago but they just weren’t the same as a dedicated enchilada plate.
There is a lot of beautiful people on Twitter & IG that don’t get the recognition because they aren’t interacting with other accounts or being fake to get followers & likes back
Going through it but being strong is the greatest weapon that I don’t even complain I’m just living because I know everything gonna be better
This guy and his analogy win the cleverness award on the internets today. Well done, sir. I tip my cap to you.
So another successful title defense in an absolute war with Fenrir. But then i see the shock of  leaving WWH. See she likes to be the top dog, likes to toot her own horn and now she has nothing and then she leaves. I know she'll see this and be all blah, blah...
Some people say all men are trash & I’m just here like nah it’s just the type of man you picked to date . Some men are actually decent tbh ..
Whenever I watch #thegreatbritishbakingshow , I just want  ‘s wardrobe. It’s absolutely fabulous. I want to see a cake that looks like the pattern of one of his sweaters  ... or an Old Gregg cake #justsaying
Awesome! I shall DM you the reference sheet right now!
Ever wonder what next gen stats could compile.... amount of yards gained on the Down on 1st down!?! #porkem
Your assumption is incorrect. The only way my parents helped was by giving me a place to stay while I saved up. I lived within my means and cut excess expenses (like eating out, going to the movies, buying luxeries) for an extended period and found a condo that fit my budget.
Best thing about staying in that Sheraton connected to Copps Coliseum is that covering the last Brier there it was exactly 154 steps from my hotel room to the mixed zone for interviews. And, yes, I covered that 6-5 Gretzky to Lemieux game there.
"Mama said fulfill the prophesy. Be something greater, go make a legacy."-   Woodlands HS 9th, Conroe ISD
Tiki vibes are the best. Or is it the tiki drinks that are the best? To be determined... https://www.instagram.com/p/B3DehpVlFfF/
Incentivizing users to use stronger passwords with longer use durations is brilliant. I get over the memory problem with a good password manager.
Hey, I'd like to work on your assignment with my impeccable knowledge on the field. I can assure you A+ results
Robert Reich has also been saying “Tax The Rich” for years. Has he officially endorsed Bernie
History and charm abound in St. John's, one of North America's oldest cities. Have you explored the capital of Newfoundland? http://bit.ly/2oEPiFf :  #PrincessCruises
Antichrist means "against" Christ. How is Pres. Trump against Christ? He is the boldest defender of religious freedom and of the Christian faith. You sound like you're drenched in self-righteousness.
If you have luxury expensive sports car, I hope you spend your paychecks fixing the engine
i finally found the chance to watch the short film "bao" and i was not ready for the amount of feels it would give me character design is so cute and charming, i love the soft roundness of the mom and how her eyes conveyed so much. 10/10 will cry everytime
I use to flam   diangelo all y’all nigga used to get it back in the day on god
Just wanted to stop by to say I love you and that hearing you sing live was the best day of my life see you again soon!
Yellowcake: a type of uranium concentrate powder obtained from leach solutions, in an intermediate step in the processing of uranium ores. It is a step in the processing of uranium after it has been mined but before fuel fabrication or uranium enrichment. Yellow Rat-Cake:
I hope  comes back to the Fox debut of Smackdown  - icing on the cake along with Hogan / Lesnar, and have him as a prize fighter.
For the first time since the raw after mania 34 i'm nervous, hyped, excited etc.. #RAW
Yes. They should remind him he doesn't qualify for executive privilege. And remind him of Obstruction of Justice charges and the sentence it carries.
Happy new month Titans The hash tag for today is #IndependentTacha
That's amazing!!! I hope you can turn it into a full feature film! The short you and  worked on is brilliant!!
Honestly he is look better than the back ups Miami has had. Plus he is only in second year.
The whistleblower will need help. https://www.gofundme.com/manage/przbg-whistleblower-support-fund …
I haven't watched the resident but I watched some of the good doctor!
Listen to the fact that the president is stripping funding away from other important departments of government to supply an army that is already the largest in the world
 's Tarot Card of the Week is always in synch with planetary patterns -- which, in turn -- are always in synch with headline news. #astrology #fascinating #knowledge #tarothttps://www.owlsdaughter.com/owls-wings/
You really got people out hear thinking that Kobe is the greatest basketball player ever. They must think basketball started in 1996?
I dunno I like that the final films are about this nobody destined for greatness dealing with the legacy of the Skywalkers. It feels like a good bookend of a series that starts with a nobody destined for greatness who changed the galaxy.
every time the cute girl in my class looks at me i get butterflies wtf!!!! i don’t like this feeling
So question, I saw in the comments that someone gets anxiety over relying on their parents. I’ve always been worried because my mom didn’t have any money for us growing up, but I also want to make sure my children are in SOME ways spoiled. How’d you feel about being raised?
Now that our Eeveelution Royale has come to fruition, what other characters or creatures from the world of Pokémon would you like to see on Free-For-All?
Update: had Very Fresh Noodles for breakfast, custard-filled brioche at the Starbucks Roastery as a snack and Marta for dinner, the year is off to a great start
i hope u realize the initial convo wasn’t even about them in super m....
Why are we going back an forth with the same set of representatives. Munir Akram is Sindhi and something tells me pretty close to Finance Minister
Beautiful representations of seasonal changes using Loose Parts in response to the book Tap the Magic Tree. #beyondpencilandpaper #proceesnotproduct
I doubt it's true. The Sun is a supermarket tabloid and frequently runs stories with headlines like headlines like “I was Bigfoot’s Love Slave,” “Hillary Clinton Adopts Alien Baby,” and “Bat Child Found in Cave”
The glasses, the lips, the nose ring. You are the epitome of perfection bruh
its all fun and games until aglo uses the flirting word in actual dialogue
If you'd like to take a listen to the awesome militaristic space opera HAWK: HAND OF THE MACHINE and wouldn't mind leaving a short review on  or , then follow this link for a FREE download! https://www.freeaudiobookpromocodes.com/hawk-hand-of-the-machine.html …
Original edition is around 112 meanwhile the special edition is around 130. The smiling face plate is only available if you order the special edition
RNC solicited money for Trump’s reelection with forms that look a lot like the official Census https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2019/09/30/rnc-solicited-money-trumps-reelection-with-forms-that-look-lot-like-official-census/?tid=sm_fb …
Can someone please explain how can President instruct AG to go around the world to solicit intelligence information from foreign countries that benefits his party and is designed to undermine the opposition party? Will those allies be sanctioned in some form?
thank is the HULL MOVING Average..it can be downloaded in the marketplace its called HMA DYNAMIC COLOR
We are the nation whose Ag is jetting around the world trying to re litigate a report that he said was just fine.
thanks for slapping me in the face with the "ur gay" reminder with these pics
Must be good for you to know the #WhiteSupremacists are still with you. #ImpeachTrump
We’d like to take a closer look at what’s occurring to get the AirPort Utility app working right on both devices. Please send us a DM with more details here:
JOIN THE CAMPAIGN! Brandon Straka and the #WalkAway Movement Call on Trump to Release His Own #WalkAway Testimony (VIDEO) https://ift.tt/2n2etBf #UniteBlue #MAGA
Hi Jo, thank you so much for your lovely comments! I wanted to do the film in the hope it will help others to overcome their fears of reducing opioid medication! It would be wonderful if it also helps clinicians to better understand how these meds affect people over time
Who is ready for another night of #TheVoice as the blind auditions continue starting now on NBC, 8 pm ET. See who will be chosen and who they will pick as their coaches! Best wishes to all! #TheVoice
Sorry for the late reply, I'm going home by bus. It's more than 80 miles trip between home and my job. In the morning I almost always sleep while heading to my workplace. Way home I usually spend time in Twitter or playing retro console/Arcade games (NES, SNES, PSX, Arcade, etc)
My top 4 are: 1. Hocus Pocus (yes, obvi) 2. The Craft 3. Beetlejuice 4. The Exorcist Bonus! The Halloween episodes of Buffy.
D rose bounced backed tho I think Howard the Lakers only hope in making some noise fr
You also talked about the carbon tax. Once again, there seem to be a consensus that it’s a good measure. This is signed by 3554 economists. I’ll trust them more than you, I hope you understand. https://www.clcouncil.org/economists-statement/ …
If you ever have questions about the IE you know who to ask lol
a few days late, but Sept 28 was officially the 1 year mark of my and 's big move to the bay. the past 365 (367?) has flown by, but it's been a blast. from getting to hang out w old friends to making new…
Joe’s value is a curious case, worth two first rounders easy in full-flight, but the risk is real
That’s not Angela Merkel! The leader of the free world
Lake Mac has awesome seafood Pete. Nom nom off the charts!
 Stay strong Mr. President. The Dems are liars and they've been after you since day one. The best you can do is keep your opinion to your self, don't give them anything to come back . Good Bless You & your Family.
I am up for a shiny hunt but I wish I could find my shiny Zangoose and the other shiny. I do need more shinys!!
I just don’t see it. Traditional local advertising isn’t exactly an economic boom that’d support all college athletes in any substantial way. And the end result, to me, seems like it’ll be bag men funneling their payments through local car dealerships. So what’s the benefit?
The FATHER or the GOD always loved HIS one son for eternal and not the other who is not HIS son.
Popping pastels? Trendy accessories? Good vibes?  is ticking all the boxes with this outfit! #HM Shop the matching set in stores now!
Like any of this will matter. As a veteran I’ve been lied to about far too many things & had a re-enlisting bonus snatched from me thanks to Obama policies. Trump belongs in jail, but I’m over the lip service
This is the kind of quality ASMR content I'm looking for to tingle me gently to sleep
A real thought is when a person is judged by another like a cover of a book. And than think that technology can be the way to turn its page and close it.
Np and yeah I gotta video dropping tomorrow I’ll send you the linkMiss you at lake tho come back
In one of my sustainability seminar classes we came to the conclusion that action by big companies/rich people is so much more effective than individual action (which of course should still be done but it just isn’t nearly as impactful unless EVERYONE does it).
Extremely proud of JH boys tonight. Played hard and physical and put points up on the board. Although we came up short in the end, we keep improving each week! #PantherPride
Hello, could you please provide the email address associated with this account? -DE-
I dream of a better tomorrow, where chickens can cross the road and not be questioned about their motives.
#OOC I'm ready for the "season premiere" of Raw lol
Its gonna be so nice when he rips off a 20yd screen in the 1Q.
 can we get  on a regular basis please?? Tommy says the same thing every Monday ... Liverpool s defence is a little shakey” good grief
Says the former SoS who was an obvious national security risk and a high-end grifter for the Clinton Foundation. Perhaps it's time to kindly sit down and be quiet.
bring McDermott back as the HC is what i would do if i was Tepper... after his buffalo deal i think its 5 years lol
The right has its own virtue, its own truth, its own values. it will never fascinate the (brainwashed) masses. It will attract extra- ordinary and superior people but hardly ever the average.
He deserves all the love, and he's so hot #BiebersWedding #CongratsMrandMrsBieber #WeLoveYouJustin
I gotta unfollow news outs. This guy shot his own three year old daughter in the head twice. As she was running to car happy to see him. Just almost made me tear up reading that
I missed the first part of the audio and just assumed he was talking to trump. How do these delusional people avoid the truth so well?
Julia asks the panel to discuss their experiences of internships and doing jobs for the 'experience': I haven't had the privilege of being able to do the free labour opportunities  #SwinWF19
great job guys. any more of you cowards want to actually speak up for the US Constitution, or have you sold your guts to the Oligarchy
Waiting kim seokjin to come out free from that jail and start to fly high to the sky and start to catch his real dream! Be happy boy!!
|| Otherwise, I'll only be able to respond when I have time to check the accounts directly or am at the laptop. Please... have patience with me. I am not ignoring anyone. I am not avoiding anyone.
National Pride will see direct rule and a hard border before the UK Government gives up territory (NI) to other foreign powers.
Don’t project your own mental state on others. You’re already in the big belly, while harassing others and making fun of them. I see no empathy whatsoever. These young women are fighters and will get the best out of their lives.
I'm standing by you President Trump thank you for all the hard work you have done for us this term.
Look it's not about calling plays or knowing more than Sean McVay. That doesn't mean he won't make mistakes or let a game get away from him. Yesterday, he let another team dictate to him how the game was going to be played, and that decision made his offense one-dimensional 1/2
Trad for this bum but will not call the jags about  we need CB WHO CAN COVER more than a safety
Not until we bury them at the ballot boxes. We must turn out in such force gop can't change the vote to within the magic 1% margin we seem to miraculously fall into. Isn't that a strange coincidence?
we were going to the Chinese theatre/Hollywood walk of fame and found out the maleficent premiere is right across the street and we were gonna stay to watch it but there’s like 10 guys out there trying to give everyone their mixtapes & they were stressing me out lmao
“Ask God Like Pleaseeee Dont Be To Hard On Me (God Pleaseeee) , Like God Pleaseeee Dont Close The Door Me (God Pleaseeee)”
The boys getting creative to continue to challenge themselves to control their bodies.
Awesome podcast, as always. Jon is another guy I can listen to all day - his podcasts are excellent, and it's so great to have the Monday night radio show available now for us out-of-towners!
Can you turn it into a blog post, I won’t be able to join
I am so sorry to hear you are dealing with these issues. We would be happy to look into your account and see what happened. Feel free to DM us your customer number and we can review the situation further. ^Kristy
The thought of the UK scurrying out of a backdoor of the EU like a weasel must be very gratifying for the proud patriotic Brexiters.
 Eli, Rosen, Keenum.... all would be better than Chase and really, Mitch as well. This team just needs a stable QB who can manage and execute. I am afraid that yesterday was near Chase's ceiling??? any of this possible. I see the Bears window for a SB as open now!
Should I play videos games tonight or should I go to the gym?? cc
Sooo...  &/or  ,  , canon or not canon? Ya'll watch the fandom and have good feelings when people make a correct connection/prediction with solid meta analysis?
God is Good Had the other hip replaced at noon today and it looks like I'll be heading home shortly The power of prayer and faith is amazing I Pray y'all are doing well this fine evening
You and your wild imagination! In the first Spiderman movie that is the name he tries to use, haha!
Tbh I think it's the other way around alot of time. It goes both ways but I really don't see why it's such a huge deal?
So, let's ask on Twitter: Do you want the impeachment of Donald Trump?
The food is obviously good - looking at some of the waistlines.
Never thought I’d have so much fun roaring like Godzilla while dancing to Billie Ellish. Ah, the things we do for grandkids. #roar
Someone go to NY with me so I can take cute pictures at Central Park like the celebs do
Chelsea backroom stalwart Gary Staker agrees deal to leave the club after position made redundant https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/football/article-7522381/Chelsea-backroom-stalwart-Gary-Staker-agrees-deal-leave-club-position-redundant.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ito=1490&ns_campaign=1490 …
Yes sorry l have been so been busy after Oct 9 it is on. I would love to and sit in your class, learn. And yes let’s do it. What does justice as an efficiency look like? As we recover from the Epstein scandal et al. How do we honor the knowledge produced outside the academy?
It's important to vent. I wish you the best, but medicine in the US is not where it should be. Know you are loved and people are rooting for you. May your fortunes this new month turn for the better.
the one that increases the amount of columns in CAS, idk the file name but i remember it being relatively easy to find!
Was very tempted to buy 3 VIP tickets for  and  for some special people but I just remembered I have rent due
The Supreme Court in United States v. Nixon (1974) held that executive privilege cannot be invoked at all if the purpose is to shield wrongdoing.
Thanks   for letting us train on your fantastic MESA facility!! All the best
*ahem* I'm fine. Totally fine. ......Anyway I'm looking forward to film students writing their dissertations on the visual storytelling using triangles and rectangles in Promare. The god damn square lens flare.... *chef's kiss*
This is not surprising UK is leaving. #Brexit is as much about National Pride now as it was about economic interdependence from the EU
Participated in the annual 5K run to help raise money for after school programs for kids in need at the Rudy A. Cicotti Center. Older kid ran all 5000 meters and the little one did the mile in under 8 minutes! Thanks to our great sponsor and friend !!
Get teens interested in world affairs, Letters in Print News & Top Stories - The Straits Times...
The most attractive thing you could possibly say is “your a good person and I value you”
Our trauma doesn't define us. We are whole, multi-faceted beings. To have the unwanted label of "SA victim" added onto our identity does not rob us of that humanity. I'm glad Chanel is giving us the honor of letting us get to know who she is.
this whole mixtape is pretty much all the songs played  house party/telly i went to in high school https://soundcloud.com/ize_music/ive-fallen-i-cant-turn-up-1 …
Have Ever Met The Girl Of Your Dreams She Does Everything u ask then Poof She Gone even if she was still on the play ground wen u was going too middle school
Join the DriveTime team! See our latest job opening here: http://bit.ly/2o5HVpR #Sales #Aurora, IL
Tomorrow’s the day. Spicy winds and a world tinted orange. Sorcerers and witches come out to play. Time to enjoy the night that way it’s supposed to. It’s October, baby.
#pricereduced Beautiful 5 bedroom 3 full bath home located on a corner lot of Cambridge subdivision. Conveniently located close to the Katy Trail and walking distance to Skyline school. http://soldbyashlee.com/84552
Oh I fractured my ribs last year Halloween.. Slid on Slick Floor and my ribs caught the smbedside table.... Ouch!!! Praying you will heal fast soon! It took me couple of months... Bless Your Heart
meet and greet hasn’t been announced yet! the £101 will probs be pit standing :) don’t quote me on it tho not 100%
It's great (saves along 15 minutes getting home!) unless you miss your connecting bus by a minute and the next one isn't due for 20 minutes (adding 5-10 minutes to pre-LRT route home)
I feel sorry for the machine, it's like it has a cordyceps infection or something
You both did lovely, these are cool as heck and hope the kick starter goes well!
Phalanx CIWS Close-in Weapon System In Action The Admiral
"October Debuts for Stars Like Nats' Soto, Astros' Álvarez" by The Associated Press via NYT https://ift.tt/2ncZeFq
My nightmare is they stick with Flacco and hope Lock develops, miss on a generational QB class and wind up the AFC West laughingstock while Mahomes and Oakland run the show for a decade. I don't necessarily agree with him, but Elway has no interest in Rosen.
I’ll be checking in soon. At the ball fields hoping to finish up here soon!
thinking about it LBW is my favourite original Zelda of the decade and that makes me kinda sad cause I thought that one was "only" good, after so many 00s Zeldas are all-time faves for me
It’s pretty hype. The game definitely gives you a bang for your buck.
Complete, absolute chaos right now but the best kind! Finally rearranging life and getting my desk freed up and out in the living room tonight so I can get back to business Also finally got our dresser out...
saw a cute boy walking on the side of a freeway....where is he going
When I'm in charge of the Free world everyone can guarantee that my liberty is to the people and the people alone..
Welp, it’s happening! Come join us this Sunday morning at  to cheer on *cough* #NUFC hosting #ManDivided at 8:30am in the #HesJustNotThatIntoYouDerby. Honestly, what else could be more important on a Sunday morning?
He'd help around tho?!?! "Shen Yuan what do you need Shen Yuan I'll carey that fertilizer for you Shen Yuan I can weed those for y-" Binghe can just,,, shadow travel the entire fertilizer sack,, he's very helpful with garden logistics,,, plus Binghe enjoys seeing things bloom,,,
Neither do I. I want to know about wrongdoing and corruption committed by anyone in government, regardless of party. That’s why it’s important to get to the bottom of it.
meu deus eu n aguento mais esperar só quero assistir Joker e The King is it too much to ask Niall?????
Long post! So three weeks into my current contract I took the decision, for the 100th time, to start working out. Only this time it felt different. I wanted to feel energized during the day and not always lethargic.…
MAGA.... Trust us Amercans . The truth will set us all free! I am a Democrat who is just a American who loves our country as all Republicans. I am tired of all the games.
Care to also explain Barr going to other foreign Intelligent agencies actively trying to discredit the FBI and CIA, Republicans are the party of traitors, selling the us to the highest bidder , and you are helping them Bill Long .
Common!! Ike was up with Mike!!! How many fans does Ike have in the first place And pls this same Mercy gave Ike immunity when they won the joint HOH, fortunately for her they didn’t nominate her that week. I can’t deal with hypocrisy. Stop #BBnaija
Of course we stand with you POTUS!!!! Thank you for exposing the rats and other creatures living in the swamp. America is waiting for action on the Demorats
Utah State is one of the more interesting teams in the MWC not named SDSU or Boise St. Though they didn't look perfect against Col. State. LSU needs a huge performance on defense as well as its offense
Yes, we are laughing at the Democrats! Trump 2020!
#outsourcing Getting the fundamentals of digital security, here is what they are, please RT #smallbizhttp://ow.ly/WFUwH
Research the unreliability of eye witness testimony. The apostles didn't write the scriptures. At best, you have an account, written decades later, claiming to know what someone else says a third party saw. How many detectives would give credibility to a 2000 yr old statement?
Me President, I'm sorry we finally get someone for the people in the office and all the crooks just want to take you down. The majority of the American people thank you and are behind you. We support you 100% Drain the swamp Trump. You are the only one that can pull this off.
Looks like you have clearly mastered the Art of Persuasion. Especially that last little bit of colorful language. Your not really American, are you? If so, you need to go back to English class and brush up a bit.  #MAGA #QAnon
Lmao you make even the most feared law professors look like yes men
We got your back president don't worry 2020 is around the corner #Trump2020
I mean, isn't that the point of the ? To remove corruption and government interference from contentious planning decisions and to act within the best interests of Australians...
"In the modernized spaces, there will be flexible classrooms. There will be visibility across classrooms. If students want to do something else, there will be visual supervision from all teachers." So, the proposal is a panopticon. That is 19th century modern. #saveaustinschools
My mom sent me this photo saying "is this the guy you think is cute?" Haha yes mom.
fall semester freshman year i vividly remember saying “how does anyone gain weight in college with all the walking you have to do?” i gained 15 pounds freshman year
Yes, but, that view doesn't need to account for the pre-sale any longer. That's a pretty big deal when weighing your Howey factors, no?
The Truth About Forex! They WILL NEVER teach You This...
Their ummm clicking on the material "liking and retweeting it "
The more the left attack Trump the more support he gets. Go left you're doing a good job.
If you can be comfortable after being through the uncomfortable, youre doing something right
You know. All this soft living has me feeling pudgy in the middle.
so  do u enjoy nice, fluffy, slightly crispy on the outside bagels
Kinda a false equivalency. The Rock returning is a one-off for a special event. Credit where credit is due, WWE has been trying to build in-house stars. I, at least, never complained about using past talent to boost ratings for special events. And I absolutely did MARK TF OUT!
It would be nice if you understood the science, but hey
The Funniest Interview You Will Ever See! https://youtu.be/hSFWgKl-O-A via  one of my favorite videos ever maane
So challenging to gauge the hard-to-measure and vital difference made by speaking vs the easy-to-measure and critical cost of GHGs in the travel.
Through an annual letter exchange called the Round Robin, these sorority sisters have shared life’s passages for 60 years https://www.wsj.com/articles/these-college-friends-pledged-to-stay-in-touch60-years-later-they-still-do-11569835801?shareToken=stcbe6fe3efc534ded8e7474733ccdbfb3 … via
showed my granny the time slip covers and she said donghae’s one is the prettiest, my granny is an elfish
the way i love listening to people and giving advice more than anything like you trust.... me ?! out of everyone you could’ve gone to, you came to me because you find MY words comforting ?! can i PLEASE give you all the hugs and kisses in the world ??!
My comedy open mic is so politically divided that we are currently rebranding as the centrist hub of the nation
You do understand that the information gathered by JW is Government Records? Right? Freedom of Information Act. FOIA Documents You understand?
Season 3 of the Good Place is on Netflix. I've waited almost an entire year for this moment.
Nick, is it fair to say that it’s Fred that carries the “favor” in the MLB community, and once he is no longer with us, Jeff won’t get the same benefit of the doubt that his dad gets?
Lol if you ducking off from the world you don’t post about it you just do it yaw be having too many points to prove on social media
Wrote about all of the Pacers’ new guys this month. Had a great time watching some film and chatting with some awesome people. First up, I broke down TJ Warrens game and the scoring punch he will bring to the Pacers: https://www.forbes.com/sites/tonyeast/2019/09/09/what-tj-warren-will-bring-to-the-indiana-pacers/#61329b395041 …
You interview shows you didn't even read the transcript. Maybe you should stay off TV.  you have cast your lot with the DUMBEST PERSON EVER ELECTED TO PUBLIC OFFICE. Good luck with that. #ImpeachmentIsComing #Trumptanic #TrumpIsADisgrace #DictatorDonald
I love you and  to the moon and back I am proud of you guys
Not to mention the need for alternatives to combustible cigarettes that many states are now banning. They can't grasp that illegal THC cartridge dealers are putting deadly ingredients into their product, yet we want to blame legal products for the issues.
I didn’t know either i saw it was like let me get this they got all the flavors too
......this person rly doesn't know how ineffective the police are about this aye lol
God, are there going to be future presidents? I was really on the fence there for a while...
Listen to Don't Come Out The House (feat. 21 Savage) by Metro Boomin #np on #SoundCloudhttps://soundcloud.com/metroboomin/dont-come-out-the-house-feat …
They were one of the top defensive teams last year. Clifford is a defensive mastermind coach
Hugo kudos to the crew on board  537 from LGA To ATL today. Geraldine was truly gracious and funny and friendly and helpful. This is the usual great service i get on delta. Thank you!! #diamondmedallion #millionmiler
im kinda mad the girls at work are so fake w me now.... i love all the people in the kitchen they never give me shit & are real asf
I’m just out here bringing repressed memories to the surface lmao
trust ur gut until it’s time not bc ur gut is off the fucking walls : )
I wish someone got the video of me sleeping standing up during a set
suzuka and legosi share one braincell but they have to trade it off to each other throughout the day
Final from the JV Soccer Match in Kimberly -  1 Kimberly 1 - good match, guys! #fondypride
not lizzo (who barley qualifies as a rapper) only giving props to the person NOT rapping in the longest female rap #1
So the judge is not old, can read, is not biased, is not racist. Ice boy aka tshigotsha nama
BUT 47% WATCH NBC CBS ABC MSNBC CNN  THEY DON'T GET THE WHOLE TRUTH.. BUT IN THE GENERAL ELECTION 1 on 1 THEY WILL!!!! LOL THAT IS WHY HILlARY LOST!! TRUMP IS THIS THAT ETC.. YOU CAN'T BEAT HIM ON POLICY!!!
Great question Tim! We have to file a report on all financial activity in the past quarter. The person in the race with the lowest income that quarter has to eat mud in front of the county courthouse. Don’t ask me, it’s the law Hope this helps. #campaignfinance #factsmatter
All the streets in America will be full of revelers celebrating with you!
I’ve got #Nationals winning the #NLWildCard on TBS.
GOD'S WORDS FOR YOU TODAY "But God hath chosen the foolish things of the world to confound the wise; and God hath chosen the weak things of the world to confound the things which are mighty; And base things of the world,and things which." 1 Corth.1:27-28 HAPPY INDEPENDENT!!!
Yes, but the price will be paid nonetheless-unless you are a Good Witch.
I'm gonna try, really. I'm gonna try to stop replying but if I do reply, I'll be more careful and be sure that KeMo and the other PTB are untagged. You too.
It must be nice to know that you have 62.8 million morons that listen to every lie that spills out of your mouth. Just remember, your days are numbered. When you are gone, we will party and then ask for forgiveness from the rest of the world.
Finish our 1hr long quiz within 30 minutes. What a good way to start the month of October.
Friend: Some Jews were throwing bread into a pond (?) I was walking by & this lab did a running leap belly flop into the water, swam to the bread & ate it all. Me: Dog-flop=critical. Friend: ? Me: Spreading joy w/o regard for return embodies #RoshHashanah. As does chowing DOWN
The crackheads who won’t admit they’re dependency on weed
Considering how often we get complete radio silence, the above is great.
Yeah the game will be INSANELY good and Smoltz will give a back in the old days rant in the middle of it
Oh, and nobody of any description seems to want to pay the necessary tax. As Polly Toynbee put it, we want Swedish levels of services but American levels of tax.
This makes finding good places to read or listen to hard, And different people value different things, So finding outlets that cover the news with a point of view that you like, Is an important part of the News to Customer relationship
What bottled water looks like without the bottle. https://ift.tt/2ne6cdq
My chocolate chilli tart! Loved making this with Mexican chilli powder and a spin on the recipe with chocolate pastry. First time making pastry with powdered sugar and it’s so light  #deliciousbakeclub
We better win tonight. I'm not for losing to the Bengals #HereWeGo
And once we excise it, may we never see it again. Thank God for a free press and Citizens who take their obligation to the Constitutional seriously (the whistleblower).
You mean like the coup that you tried to stage against Bill Clinton?
Double-like! One of the reasons your work is great to read and influential is that you aren’t following the tenure formula.
Glad to hear you're able to access the stations again. No news to share regarding BBC Sounds, but they recently posted a guide regarding streaming to Sonos. Link here: https://www.bbc.co.uk/sounds/help/sonos-airplay …
I'm at  The Mall of New Hampshire in Manchester, NH https://www.swarmapp.com/c/4gHawihVzJN
tbh, i ain’t even gonna watch the game. i’ll check the score in the morning. rough year to be a steelers fan lemme tell ya.
u might randomly get memes in ur inbox from me just saying. laughter is the best medicine
Their agenda ... save the country. Your agenda ... save the man destroying the country. See the problem?
It's because the economic value generated by their work is worth less than 32k per year in their local/national market.
I'm cool with letting the south go. Let's go back to the Mason Dixon line. I'm sure the south will do just fine without the financial backing of ny and California, the rust belt and New England. Let them go.
Can we stop associating good credit with white people? I just saw someone comment that having 800+ is a good “white people credit score”. If we as POC want to change the narrative, we need to stop entertaining these negative thoughts and ideas of our financial inferiority.
 Hi there! When will emails regarding the artist alley be sent out? :)
Get a Nigerian and Ghanaian together. Ask who makes the best. Stand back, and enjoy
I doubt the jury lets her go free. Les see what happens
I NEED A HEROOOOOOO!!!!! I'm holding out for a hero 'til the end of the night
My mom comes back tonight which means I have to clean the house
Honestly  should make a #MedicareForAll T-Shirt and put his quotes on the back of it with date stamps for each one. I don’t think we should change the name even though it’s obviously *only* him that cares about Medicare For All.
Gerald Butts to be consulted before government hands over Eurasia Group contract info... and they'll only hand it over AFTER the election! NEW from ! WATCH: http://bit.ly/2neGlSG | #cdnpoli
I have been a fan for over 20 years... hot off the grill with Bobby Flay and Jackie Molouf
Final reminder that the Spirit Week merchandise store closes tonight. Get your last orders in before midnight!
Hey  your steak is one of the best things i’ve ever eaten in my life. please send me free steak
The Truth About Forex! They WILL NEVER teach You This...
Honestly got all the stuff I need tho so I can’t even complain.
Hahaha! The fact that you are promoting that poll as somehow meaningful is grounds for impeachment in and of itself!
YES! AND WHEN THAT HAPPENS All the corruption of the former administration and everyone Hillary blackmailed or bribed is going to be found by people who can't be bought or intimidated Time to #DrainTheSwamp #TheGreatAwakening #NowComesThePain #BuildTheGallows & #MAGA #KAG
Just read the notes, I’m thinking nothing seems game breaking. Feels like this tuner will be fine.
Having the true American spirit means, never trading freedom for beneficence nor my dignity for a handout.
 Democracy & Election Integrity will be non-existent in 2020 unless the corruption of the 2016 Election’s DENOUNCED & RECTIFIED! Hillary Rodham Clinton is our Rightful, Legitimate & Legal 45th POTUS & History must be corrected. Not for Democrats but for Democracy!
The same polls that had Hillary winning by a landslide???
'It'll all be clearer once we get there. Promise' At least he'll finally get some answers. The walk is quiet. It's just on dusk, sun sinking low in the sky, birds settling in for the night. He reaches for her hand this time and she takes it. It's nice. The way they used to be.
Friend, you say this as if getting to Ceaușescu's mind boggling vanity project isn't one of the parts I'm most looking forward to in this thread!
Why aren’t Iowa Democrats supporting policies that help Iowans? The USMCA would help workers and farmers DEMOCRATS HOLD IT HOSTAGE
You are the best sir.... Karamsilta aapki rag rag may bash kartee h.....aapko Baar Baar parnaam...
I want to kick him in his vagina, but I don't want the splatter on my shoe.
Please for the love of all that is holy, SHUT DOWN YOUR DM's!!!!
Shaming is a terrible weapon when wielded by the mob, but it can be used for good as well. For example, one potential way to dissuade things like littering and petty vandalism would be to have an Instagram account with pics of the perpetrators.
Hi  - We don't see the resemblance and we don't fight ...and... we never cheated. ;-) #TheNetworkIsThePeople #KickButtHaveFun #SunMicrosystems #SunReunion
honestly and with no shame... i flex my R'Gear hydroflask all the time lol
ME??? THE STALKER?? That’s literally you hoe damn I thought you gonna do better than yk who
Debunked? Nothing I've said has been debunked. Just like the convenient little fact that the Ukraine help is part of AG Barrs investigation into to crooked dealings of the obama regime. #KAG2020
All the credit goes to  for helping me out I’m a very grateful pup right now
Video News: One of the ancient deity in Action at the Olojo Festival 2019 . . #ogunupdate #naijaupdate #africaupdate #worldupdate
The fact that I can only watch Friday’s game for an hour, go to work, and just hope for the best while I’m there hurts
Be proud. She was a wise women ahead of her time. We all need to change our "disposible mentality" if the war on plastics is to be won.  #plasticpollution #Plastic
Damn you need to press her lmao Christmas round the corner fam.
Earlier in the year, through Cambridge Film Trust*, there was a chance to hear pop-mathematician Bobby Seagull introduce The Man Who Knew Infinity (2015), which portrays Prof G. H. Hardy as one of few who thought Ramanujan right (when alive) : http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0787524
I was able to reach out to one of the organizers, said we would be called in for second batch, that September batch has started already...
Yes this is the 5th time I’ve been locked out of my apartment this year! Whatcha gonna do about it?? FINE ME FOR BEING STUPID???
 When is the next update and i whould like to have some suggestions about the next few updates
Was it actually fixed? I think the game looks pretty good overall but that tree ain’t hot
Bro the ex coke head is putting up numbers I love it !
...wouldn’t be as great as it is now. Not a believer in a higher power, but I guess sometimes you need a little bad to appreciate the good. My life fucking rocks man!
LOKING AT The Straight Truth About Trading Forex EVERYDAY
These are the people I feel for. Stooges for a boss who's ready to cut them loose the first chance he gets.
If the story lines weren’t so garbage maybe I could agree with this statement. Even most of the matches are ehhhhhhhh. Maybe WWE has to get better so they aren’t so dependent on their old stars to get some good ratings
Felix’s best event is the 200 and her best 200m time is 21.69s. There have been 7 South Dakota high schoolers over past decade who have run faster times than that. She would not be an elite South Dakotan high school sprinter, to see her mentioned as greatest of all time is wild
The perfect Christmas gift for someone with a finsta:
Sorry, I must have missed your time range. I loved many of Max Steiner's scores and so many of the other composers.
You shouldn't assume that everyone enjoys the same hobbies as you
native coming to the realization that he's a uni player last night was so funny
Today is the last day to get early bird tickets for both #CardboardCaucus and #ATBCon2020 Be sure to support both of these great Midwest board game conventions!https://tabletop.events/conventions/cardboard-caucus/badgetypes/early-bird-full-weekend-badge …
Obviously you aren’t looking at the Democrats. Good job
Imagine if its popular enough that they turn the guys responsible for the MCU to making Warhammer movies :D There's a new wave of R-Rated films about to come thanks to Deadpool after all.
 I was really impressed with what you had to say on Shark Tank. My grandfather's brother and his family escaped the Warsaw Ghetto and mad it to Scotland.
It's the faculty that inspired, instigates, incites, stirs up, provokes... not these stupid kids. How about we let them know that we're onto to them instead of pretending we're stupid too.
It must be adventure Sunday. It’s still hot here & I’m heading to where it’ll be 32 for the low & 47 for the high. I can’t even think of running like that when it’s 98.
THE BLUE HEARTS の THE BLUE HEARTS を Amazon でチェック！  @さんから
 PreK is ready for #doordecorwar complete with students jumping in the leaves and handprint leaves.
I noticed on #CelticsMediaDay that everyone seems to be happy to be in green and are excited for the upcoming season.
Sue him for slander you have all the proof and millions of witnesses.  if they keep getting away with everything they will never stop.
People of Twitter, when you make out with your girl, what's the first thing you reach for or try to touch?
If we have more practices like the one we had today, the next 36 days are going to be a lot of fun. #getconnected
there’s a prompt list (there’s alternatives, but the base one is the ink tober one) and everyday following those prompts you draw/ink something related to it- so like for day one “ring”, you can do something about the movie The Ring or smthn, it’s really just about having fun
Ohhh I see her pupil is slightly more dilated than the other so yeah! Probably trauma related. She’s really beautiful though.
“Well I was performing when i saw a beautiful woman standing all me at the bar, maybe that answers your question?” He placed his drink at the bar “well I’m not here often but I think I must ask anyway, what brings a fine lady lie you here today?” He smirked at her, he hoped he —
Thanks for not putting the actual score and just giving the deficit. It’s not important
LOKING AT The Straight Truth About Trading Forex EVERYDAY
Mrs. Walker’s 4th grade class celebrated the beginning of homecoming week dressed in red, white, & blue. #TeamDCS #TeamPHES #PHESRocks #LilJags #itsagreatdaytobeajag #HOCO 2019 Go Jags!
Well I definitely signed up for the free pony giveaway. Being delivered by a solar powered drone to my door WITH the unicorn option !! #TrudeauBlackface #TrudeauWorstPM
So, I ran into a video of a person who bought  's fursuit walking around at a convention. All the other furries were giving him hugs and affection, after everything he did. Fucking corrupted fandom. #Bullshit #Furries
Why is it that the one thing that sets us free is so hard for people to take, process, live, admit and accept...the truth.
Why? The Australian PM sent the WH a letter saying they’d be happy to help.
Finally 100% complete on #SpiderManPS4 DLC. Didn’t know reward was the Into the Spider-Verse costume! Time to NG+
The discrimination by Muslims of ex-Muslims and gay people hurts their sentiments too. Still it is promoted and actually encouraged by their holy scriptures, which we may not criticize according to your own logic.
I might be the person that can handle everything in front of me but I do have feelings like the next man.
I mean, we've been on the ride for this long, it would be nice just for closure
Oh yeah if that’s ur girl why’s she in my DMs all the time
i’ve never been to a meet and greet with anyone besides big sean a million years ago what do you do when you’re there with the person who this time is NOT big sean
people like you don't belong in this community if you're just going to tear down a kid who is having valid feelings about being a little left out. people venting about their thoughts is not the end of the world
So everyone who isn't a nationalist, is a _____? Most people live in a nation that they call home. Most people want a leader of their nation to protect the interests of its citizens.
This is so ridiculous! White peoples all over the world we to study in Africa. They was so amazed on what was learned and seen. They invaded ancient Ethiopia and stole everything they could. The Greek came in and smash our Pharaoh nose. They destroyed the true identity.
Thank you for the replies to this, it's not often I get to talk about my special interests and most people don't care or tell me to stop talking about it
You got the photo in the local media, Dan. What more do you want? A book deal?
Independence day is a day of joy because it shows that the struggle of our heroes wasn’t in vain. May the joy we had on October 1, 1960, never leave our heart. A one united Nigeria will we be forever.
.....of a " Libralised " system which he owes everything too, is corrupt as the system he sprang from -the Libralised education system of the United states which encourage bribery, and depends......
My guess is that Knight will stay and defend Dranco. He'll be good but GH doesn't need an expensive name to do that. I'd rather GH spent the money to bring Tyler Christopher or JJ back!
White privilege is you thinking you can flirt your way out of getting in trouble, and even the officer saying “don’t worry you have a perfect record, you could get away with this”
Reggae Girlz vs Cuba being played now at the National Stadium
We're so sorry that you've had an issue with your delivery! This is not what we would want for you or for any customer! Just for clarification, can you please tell us who the carrier is? You can find that information here: http://amzn.to/NAYourOrders . Please let us know! ^KY
I’ve got #Nationals winning the #NLWildCard on TBS.
Their agenda is simple. They're trying to save is from self destruction & salvage the Constitution. Do yourself a favor and gather any scraps of dignity that remain and join the resistance.
Because the truth of the matter is that Brie Larson didn’t have that star power she got this role, the average person would not know who she was. therefore banking on her name to bring in a lot of people wouldn’t be the best strategy.
I am very excited to see ppl but just planning wise I'm way behind. I tend to rely on the panic of last minute packing to get stuff done lol.
I hope they find an unknown to play Moon Knight I have hated every fan cast to play the character (other than Keanu). Like Zac Effron and Sachs Baden Cohen? Really?
You can drop your #ARSD in the comments so I can hype you when I wake up. Here's mine in case you'd like to hype me too
 mail day today! This is my favorite of the 41 we submitted.
NEW LIST. Have you ever? (dirty) 1- yes 2- no 3- yes 4- no 5- hindi hahaha 6- no haha 7- no 8- no 9- no 10- no 11- no 12- no 13- yes 14- yes 15- yes 16- yes 17- no 18- yezzz 19- pwede joke haha drop an emoji and i’ll send u the questions
Hmm, maybe they are poorly coached too. Yep this is leadership, call your team names to the press. LOL
Keep standing up for what is right in this country. Impeachment without a crime is just another way Democrats are trying to erase our votes and erase an election they did not like the outcome of.
Looks like the drone is in FPV Mode. Damn feeling is much much different than usual drone footage.
I am so saddened to hear of the death of the opera diva, Jessye Norman. I remember attending a concert at Carnegie Hall where Ms. Norman brought me to tears and then joyous laughter singing beautiful spirituals. I play that CD (w/ K. Battle) every Sunday. Rest In Peace, Jessye.
Best not forget  Sharkie is still on the fence & it seems  &  will do as she tells them. Indue breaches human rights=it's imposed on everyone whether they take drugs, drink gamble or have kids. VOTE NO #SocialApartheid #ClassWarFareCard
Ain’t Nobody Gon Make Me Happy But Me! That’s Why I Grind The Way I Do
The President of the United States is retweeting an online poll from a hate website. Just awesome.
welcome to the club. what happened to your follower tally?? they "zero'ed out" my account three times over the past three weeks!!
Well, as a lawyer you should know that you don't have to comply with a subpoena, but you will have to suffer the consequences of doing so. Good luck in front of a judge with the bullshit you're trying to sell the public, I'm sure it will go over really well.
Red Manuel, as well as the rest of us want a S2!!!! I wanna hear more of All for- I mean El Ray. And what will happen to Toth? Is Skout the descendant of Melinda? They can't end it like this!!!!
 in  will forever be one of my favorite things in the world #CriminalMinds
They were blessed to see the wild pepega in his natural habitat
Back. Your. Manager. I repeat - things do not come straight away. They have to get worse to get better. Expect inconsistencies this season but he IS changing the squad and IS trying to rebuild. Give it time. You'll thank yourself later. #MUFC
The universe just loves kicking my ass constantly lol
I love the general mythos in the game though, and the penitent one has a very nice design.
No problem with the match other then sorry I don’t need blood but the placement of the match I didn’ t like.
i havent seen succession but i saw it was created by one of the peep show writers so all i can picture is extremely fancy people saying "is that... normal pooing you're doing? doesnt... sound normal. doesnt... smell normal."
With October tomorrow I am taking a moment to gear away from sports on my account & post awareness for breast cancer. If anyone is willing to donate anything to my team for the cause it would be forever grateful! Thank you in advance! #AttackingCancer
Reaching this historic agreement took the unwavering efforts of many people. BCEHS and  are proud to be part of this transformative contract with  #paramedics and #dispatchers.
I have a remote but I think it was just working as a dimmer and I need to have the actual fan set to high with the attached chain to have it working at maximum speed lololol. Dammit.
Speaking for myself and many, many other CPC suppporters I follow on here: election aside, we view ourselves as "essentially" on the same team as Max supporters like yourself. We've just chosen a different strategy of getting from A to B.
All prepped for Inktober 2019! This time I'm going to leave my supplies out in the open and in the way of other things because so help me I'm not forgetting another year halfway through
this is like if the chicago tribune had an online poll on whether mj was good at basketball.
 stood up for us like no other President has before. We'll definitely stand by him and pray that continues to drain the swamp
Lost in the madness - #Hokies punter Oscar Bradburn. Averaging 47.6 yards per punt. 8 of 18 for longer than 50-yards. 8 inside the 20. 9 fair caught. He’s in serious contention for the Ray Guy Award. #BradburnForHeisman
RT SalineAthletics: BOYS SOCCER UPDATE: At the half, Saline and Grand Blanc are scoreless
SAME i like to think he’s nice to things that are helpless in general too (as long as they’re not an enemy lol). i think canon is kind of on my side: in the phasma novel he’s nice to kids & very polite to his droid. lil bits of a gentler side showing thru
The only exciting thing about Kapil Sharma show is finding out which  joke they would copy today and I would yell to my husband, *Oh, ye wala bhi gaurav ne likha hai! Do you know he follows me on Twitter?*
i like to think of this as her 'canon' outfit ;w; a lot of the dotharl tribe npcs wear some variation of it
//now that I’ve think about it Skittles has a more likely chance if breaking down more than Squid, you just need to mention the incident
I am so happy today! I must thank  and  for the opportunity to film tomorrow. It will be a wonderful time. I am very grateful. #filming #servitude
Yeah, and its just the most important standard in history, so y'all better level up, 'cause it's gonna be around for 'a long time'.
If I play "Meet Me Halfway" by The Black Eyed Peas & we're not singing together, then sorry but you're not the one
I want old town white coffee's chicken hor fun but they don't have the price on their website haha. I have to enquire them by filling a form zzzz i wanna know the price nowww
Bill Gates is the only billionaire worth having in this world
Abnormalities in the Western world has become the norm of the day in our part of the world.The highly revered personalities we entrust our tax payers and other statutory payment from the football governing body embezzles these funds and blissed-out with their chronics.
I'm familiar with the SCA, thank you very much, from my time in the early 1990s in Minnesota. That must have been great fun!
Nobody text the min I start playing Mario Kart I’m important
By Democrat Chairs do you mean the folks running a co equal branch of the government? #silly
Ima go ahead and say it, nobody wants their kid to be gay but if it happens we will love it the same ..
[I sit myself along the edge of the tub, glancing down at her body submerged in the water. She was a sight for sore eyes. I exhale a calm sigh while reaching inside to hold her around her throat. I kept her down just to watch her squirm for a minute.]
 A romantic fortune cookie proposal maybe at the gatehouse, would be a nice touch.
Halloween Creepin It Real Event. Be sure your notifications are on. Join the event here  #LuLaRoe #Halloween
This is absolutely fantastic! The inking quality and texture is phenomenal and looks like a traditional drawing. I'm so proud of you and happy that you stuck with it! Your art is amazing, regardless of medium.
http://thesuperandtheshu.libsyn.com/ International Podcast Day so you might as well listen to what some of ’s & ’s family members have called, “The hottest and hippest podcast to hit the internet in a long time”. #thefifthone #molo #lettermanjacket #315
Last night I was waiting for  to play ‘Brazil 2nd Edit’ but he didnt lol that would of been the cherry on top.. amazing show tho.!!!!
I asked them to put queso on top of my burrito I should of been more clear and said Inside the burrito on top but nah cause after seeing this and trying it this way I’m getting it like this every time
I guarantee you they'd suck in the current meta - but I guess because we are building for the future they are gonna be really good when the meta changes in 2021! For a month...
They need to go all out and sign Rendon. If they can’t sign the other two guys as a result of that, thats perfectly fine.
Definitely the season before last season and that’s how the story has been
When we are in Christ, it simply means that we have accepted the Spirit of God to reside in us. What this means is that we are not subjected to his counsel and his guidance. We are not slaves to our selfish cravings or desires.
If you stop in Philadelphia, we’ll give you the grand tour: Liberty Bell, Rocky steps at the Art Museum, Gritty, soft pretzels, everything. Safe travels, we love you!
https://ift.tt/2n5ojCq - Join us at the College of Science & Engineering Job & Internship Fair this Wednesday, Oct 2nd from noon to 3pm! Explore your career options and network with employers. Find jobs and internships! Employers from science, engineer… https://ift.tt/2n5ojCq
BUT I discovered something very useful this year: find someone who can do flat colors on your pages! In order to have already all the good selections that are time consuming to do! (And pay him :) )
Trump, Pence, Barr, Pompeo, Miller, Rudy and McCarthy. The gang that can not lie straight. You feel safer?
Omg good to know I’m not the only one. I kept telling people my dog was gonna be 4... he is 12! Time passing is not my friend.
LMAO i draw him all the time regardless!! but i am Always happy to do it some more
Sutter been in the league for how long? He is what he is. You cant teach offense. And why is Jake getting a free ride. Shows up training camp out of shape and does basically a no show in pre season except for one game and now he is ur 3rd line winger.
yes I absolutely would buy us all switches w the money made off Daoboys before I pay back that student loan I used to buy the van thanks for asking
Authorities say the boy could face a list of traffic charges, including grand theft auto. https://go.tiffinohio.net/2019/09/9-year-old-ohio-boy-steals-grandmothers-car-goes-for-a-joyride-on-interstate/ …
Jenn, did you see where Adam Schiff made a trip to Ukraine the end of August? A Ukrainian official was having a reception for Adam Schiff. Schiff is involved with a Ukrainian official dealing with “arms for Ukraine”. Please investigate! Thanks!
This person wanted to be in the limelight!! He/she decided to whistleblow on issues that others claim to have knowledge of. The whistleblower had no first hand knowledge. They wanted the game so don6lie about it.
The Top 100 Most Influential Conservatives of 2019 - LBC...
It’s in the music section. Short little clip but the gist is praise for Howard Ashman and Alan Menken. He leans into the fact that Ashman was also from Baltimore and suggests that’s a show like Little Shop of Horrors is the quirk and camp Baltimore is known for.
Two big announcements coming within the next few days. One, the next game being played for Gauntlet. And two, the official announcement of my Legacy project.
Man finding it mad but I'm sure they're from the same ends and adele has always rapped with fire. I'm sure they have more in common than people think looool
Maybe re read the tweet Civil War like fracture How about you change your political party affiliation to Democrat
Check out  rolling by in the Wilmington streets!! Good luck on your senior szn!!
#cdnpoli Whether he meant to make himself the story or NOT... #DavidMenzies IS the story Now!!! So's  Corruption! And #TrudeauCorruption He was given a gift by the Police and . I Love to see  get more eyeballs on them. #TruthMatters
The fact that Trump is President and will be for several more years really eats you to your core. I for one love watching liberal academics wallow in their own bullshit!
I like Colossus sister Illyana Rasputin of #NewMutants better known as: #Magik. This might trigger some female followers! This tight leather showing her bust I don't think it'll ever show up in a live-action film. However, they're obviously selling it to someone in the comics.
Sorry but the Republican Party IS the Trump party. Republican leadership completely rolled over and handed it to Donald Trump without a fight. They abandoned every principal they ever had to embrace him. It is his party and it will be destroyed along with him.
At this point, I have no idea whether my mentions are about the accordion, craft beer or mullets and I don't hate it.
Ragsy styles that are based off of the other bears. my boy FTL needs more love
Our guys in Phoenix are doing that work. Happy ball is back for Gerald and the crew. Still. For those absorbing, if your the type to spin things to always come from a positive angle, that's cool. For me, I will continue to nod my head - nothing new. (To me.)
Well HRC you can say that all you want just like you say the same re your husband WJC BUT reality is that it is an invasion of personal dignity and should never been initiated by ANY political person -- what ever happened to kissing babies.
Me, but then I remember how competitive vet school is and then I also remember A&M is the only school that offers it in Texas y se me pasa
PINK OCTOBER October is Breast Cancer Awareness Month, an annual campaign to increase awareness of the disease. Share this link with your family and friends to spread awareness: https://breast-cancer.canceraustralia.gov.au/awareness
Some guys feel the need to try to save some women from their current lifestyle.
>when you go on a field trip with your class to the zoo and the kid that nobody likes points at one of the lizards and says, "this is you lol"
It is not the Demos trying to divert funds from the military budgets to build an useful wall.
psssst i love this with all of my heart and i hope you don't mind that i incorporated your eijun in a skirt + windbreaker idea in this fic i wrote in response to all the delish https://archiveofourown.org/works/20837339
Agree. Obama's, Clinton's and the whole DEMOKKKRAT party institution are about to get their deep state covers blown off. I am all for it
I think ANTIFA will shrivel up and disappear after 45 leaves. I think there will be protests but I don’t think they will end in violence.. maybe rain. But I do think the percentage of mass shootings will go up significantly and most will be done in 45’s honor
The United States of America as we know it is swirling down the drain unless GOP members of the House and Senate join the cause to save it soon.
#HannaCon19 attendees, a new discussion on "Pros/Cons On Open To Close?" was just started. Join the conversation on the Whova event app!
You have a problem with Android? That doesn't surprise me. Apple forces you to think their way and keeps feeding you the same BS but convinces you it's a different flavor. Just like the Dems do to you and you eat it up like a good stooge.
I think it’s so weird how y’all refer to your favorite sports teams as “ we” Like y’all on the team.
Health Career Solutions Go to this website https://healthcareersolutions.org/ Scroll down to bottom of this page also Then Back To Top Click on the link in the blue circle that says Online Education Then…
Stupid fucking lefties like the one below are playing word games. Real grownups like Barr are writing history. 2020 is gonna suck for the skinny jeans cult.
Every day should be  #MedicMonday May you all have safe and healthy shifts today and the rest of all your tomorrows.
1)yes like Scandinavia 2) while net saving them money 3) national debt doesn't work like personal debt 4) where they gonna go anywhere else in the developed nations they gonna have to cough up dinero 5) they have higher quality of healthcare than we do 6) he does 7) lmao
Is it the "turning point"? The media hasn't got that wrong before. https://youtu.be/AS65p4HZx2w
The guy who saves the day deserves the Airport Infrastructure Medal of Freedom
How would it make you feel if you had came up with the ideas for even monster energy and Red Bull, and some stuff with rockstar energy, and yet you have never seen not one dime out of it?
not the best morning but i'm just glad september is over
Awww well glad everyone is ok. Thanks for the update.
Folks, do you realize the times we are living in when the POTUS is truly in meltdown overload? He is quoting/citing Blaze T.V. It is freakin wild west right now!! #ImpeachmentIsComing #Impeachment #ImpeachDonaldTrumpNOW
  It’s an amazing time to be alive in the 21st century...
If our Attorney General Barr has been holding private meetings overseas with foreign intelligence officials to get help to discredit the conclusion of the United States intelligence agencies’ investigation of Russian interference in our 2016 election, he is a traitor!
Pokémon is the only franchise where I have underage ships I guess because the trainers are underage, like dawn and Cynthia or Lillie and lusamine
This is Penelope when she think she slick sneaking in the room lmao
the young girlies who think guys in VIP at clubs have real money are what’s gonna always keep me paid
Everyone’s all like “Tomorrow is the first day of October..Halloween, yay!!!” And I’m all like “Tomorrow is the first day of October..aka the first episode of The Beautiful World of  comes out, yay!!!”  #hioctoberhowareya
Nah, I'd probably ask a friend to represent me on the outside chance we get some Rule 11 sanctions
I’ve got #Nationals winning the #NLWildCard on TBS.
Looks like it's closer to the source material than DBE
Nous sommes la division américaine de Foot Locker. Veuillez contacter  en ce qui concerne ce problème. We are the USA division of Foot Locker. Please contact  with regards to this issue.
The things I do for work to make sure I can go to concerts.
 Well there's the deep growl. Not even hesitating as he lunged at Micheal. Grabbing him by the throat, letting the blackness take over his eyes. ❝Listen here mother fucker... You're barking up the wrong tree.❞
Thanks Jonathan. Awesome and hauntingly beautiful. I also like Jefferson airplane “revolution”.Works as well. But I am ready to blast from my rooftop Beethoven ‘s 9th at just the right time. Keep fighting the good fight
 You’re the most handsome man And I’ll always be right by your side
YALLS LEAKED JOPPING BUT CANT LEAK THE STUDIO VER OF BAEKHYUN FT MARK UN VILLAGE????? THE AUDACITY
If you have any super funds with low (< $6K) balances, reminder that a number of important changes came into effect on the 1st July and they may affect you. http://bit.ly/2n5ogXg
well i am sure Rudy was paid from donnie and donnie gets his from the NRA and the NRA get ties from Russia
You should have the popcorn tomorrow! Be kind to yourself
I’m convinced the whole athletic department got something at this point
he supposed it did work to get to the point. the two meet a stalemate, and within this singularity, hiei glances to the inu from over his shoulder. ❝ Not [ for. ] To work [ with. ] [ Please. ] Mukuro is not such a [ fool ] to think [ your kind ] can be [ tamed. ] ❞
You have to send.Eventually our insurance ended, we wrapped up in the divine, to any substantial political office, was assassinated along with Mayor George Moscone.
We never quite remember the true intensity of it. It's always a shock.
Great Women in Analytics for Tech event at 1010data. Sharing the knowledge.
I can’t change my plane tickets now so if he reschedules PS I won’t be able to go and if he cancels then I’ll just spend 27hrs in the Bob Hope airport but I’m hoping they have a plan for someone to sub a couple of days at Seared Either way, c’est la vie.
Season hasn't even started and all I see on twitter from "fans" is bitching. Being an NHL GM is much harder than tweeting something I'm sure Holland was aware of the moment he considered the buyout. Rocky start... he moved Milan F'n Lucic! He should get a trophy just for that!
Hey remember in Helsinki the puppet publicly backed Putin over his own IC? Like a beholden traitor? Good times amirite?
Hasn’t anyone told you that it may be best to shut your pie hole?! You are making the case for impeachment everyday!
Can't wait for the great revealing of the Trump presidency to start showing how Mitch and his Merry Men in Congress have abetted this criminal operation.
The movies very rarely show the kinda rated R version of the book. Like the first Movie IT was basically rated G. Second IT was very rated R. I couldn’t believe how well they showed how awful the kids language really was. But part 2 of the second IT could have been better.
Waiting On The New Episode Of Love & HipHop Hollywood To Come On !
Haha, will do! I was just checking in on my replacement aligner~! It will be arriving "soon," hopefully! x3
930 am to 1130am every Sunday at our church: The Well at Surf City. We will pay for the background check.
Believe all women..... except the ones who like the president
I predict that when the Trump Era is finally over, there will be thousands of history books depicting how the entire Republican party got corrupted. Which lead to the MOST corrupt administration ever. We need the TRUTH.
Do tell what this administration has done to help the poor...complained about the homeless destroying the view at “upscale” areas in CA, reduced food stamps for the hungry, took free hot lunch from children, tried to destroy the ACA & now he’s turned his interest to Medicare.
Also real clear only counts 3 polls in Iowa and they are all over the place, so it’s pretty meaningless
A must listen to any Superman fan, especially if you enjoy the animated series
I get like 30 notifications and I feel popular. I can’t imagine getting that many likes. The most I’ve gotten is like 178
It’s not Starbucks! Gross it was a small hole in the wall coffee shop
I ran into one of my clinical friends in the bathroom and we yelled about care plans and assessments gotta love nursing
Good Morning im getting better.. need to prepare for work.. thanks to all the people who cared for me.. papaubaya ko next time
Make sure you call one of your friends to help you when you’re a victim of a crime. Because you don’t deserve help from the men and women in uniform.
Yeah the singles aren't as good as the feature but they are nice
Dios mío lol... it’s so interesting to be on the side of not giving a flying fuck about dating. It’s a wholeeee diff perspective!!
Win the Award For Best Halloween Costume From a Major Motion Picture With These Ideas https://websfavourites.com/food-and-drinks/win-the-award-for-best-halloween-costume-from-a-major-motion-picture-with-these-ideas/ …
Love this. One thing I’ve learnt too over the past few years: entrepreneurship is more guts than brains. Have seen entrepreneurs win that were less smart than others, but 10x more hungry, hustly, and persistent. https://a16z.com/2011/08/07/the-fine-line-between-fear-and-courage/ …
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/health/article-7508977/TWELVE-Americans-died-vaping-linked-illness-805-severe-lung-damage-CDC-says.html?ito=email-18161671&utm_source=overlay_newsletter&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=cc_newsflash&utm_content=news … Police & health officials seized 77,000 illegal vape cartridges that contained THC - the psychoactive ingredient in cannabis - a haul worth an estimated $3.8 mil. I quit smoking  24! But in my wild dreams, sometimes, I smoke 2 cigarets in each hand
 Please sir, it’s time that these Antifa Thugs were brought back into the spotlight. What happened to this poor elderly couple is beyond reprehensible. Of course the MSM won’t show this video. It would be great if you would bring some attention to this.
Nope again u missed the point well I’m happy his manager all his managers are happy with him fans like u are irrelevant really
Kenneth Bennett thank you for the follow! I look forward to reading your tweets. Please connect with me on LinkedIn. https://ift.tt/2NFScE0
Kneeling to collect a phone number? How sweet and cute of him, He just might have to come out the ground like a plant when it is time for him to propose
I enjoy your vibes if anything you're one of the few wholesome people on here
#gtlive i love the stream so far and i think the narrator is the bad guy for sure and do u like my name and i hope play some scary games in the month of october and your the best.
I’m fine with my tax dollars going to this, not flying Barr all over the world, asking for foreign governments to interfere in our elections. Do your job, protect our democracy #BarrCoverUp #ImpeachTrump
Your state of mind is the most attractive thing about you
[  ] "W-Would you like anything..?" He picked at the bottom of his dress.
They've been doing it since at least the 90's so it's something I'm a bit puzzled on JUST NOW being called out. Lol
“How often do you visit a gas station out of your metro area” is probably the best way to evaluate this
You like slow burn fics? I just found out, tonight, that the woman I've been in love with for the past 8 years is in love with me.
When in fact he has played much smarter so far this year. Taking sacks and throwing the ball away instead of forcing. They are a fg away from potentially being 3-1 . He’s had that offense rolling.
"After Richard Nixon resigned in 1974, he engaged in a very aggressive war with history, attempting to wipe out the Watergate stain and memory. Happily, history won, largely because of Nixon's tapes." --Bob Woodward
to the other ppl saying we’re exaggerating or overreacting abt the telegram groups, have y’all actually seen screenshots? like recent texts and stuff they’ve sent and said? buat diam je tkmo bodoh
Learn how to clean dryer lint and prevent house fires. Clean the dryer lint from inside your clothes dryer as well as dryer lint caught in the exhaust vent. You can complete the... https://www.familyhandyman.com/appliance-repair/washer-and-dryer-repair/dryer-lint-cleaning-tips/ …
This was the second time I have been to a Bernie rally, and I am impressed by his passion for democracy, his care for social issues, and his emphasis on empowering the people
The feeling you get when you hear how cool you sound talking about your craft on our podcast… http://bit.ly/TurnkeyPodcast
Expect Respect!! At Brewer Academy we believe in ‘being the change’ we desire to see in our community!! #DPSCDProud #WeAspireHigher #StudentsRise
I guarantee your head will explode for the 1000th time when Trump is re-elected in a landslide... and still... only air will com out.
R watches this and at the end whispers 'I love Zion'
Happy International Coffee Day!⁣ ⁣ Thank you to the good folk at Coffee’liscious for keeping me well caffeinated at all times. ⁣ ⁣ ⁣
All MILKNOs have arrived safely! Thank You  for the cute babies and gifts！ 3rd payment emails have been sent out! Please check your spam and inbox~ #surisuriGOsupdate #suriArrivals
I can’t believe I’m dating somebody who’s getting their PhD from one of the best schools in the states and he just learned TODAY how to critically skim an article
Heres me tweeting out of context about the fact that my friends think its funny when i tweet out of context
1. Thank you for bringing this to my attention. I will not look to Andy as a trustworthy source 2. On the other hand, we do have video proof that they threw milkshakes and other items at the man. He does not know what is in those. It was battery. It was wrong
Now, where this gets interesting is that much of the phrasing of these hit pieces appears to have been written by someone who is paid by GMP--which, I don't know, sure seems like coordination to me. And even if its not, I'd think it's the sort of thing you should speak up about.
Yes. But I will say this, getting to the bottom of corruption isn't the same as committing it. I don't give a darn if a person (Biden or anybody else) is running for Pres or not.
Definitely need to take care of the inside but my car looks so beautiful from the outside right now
 Here's a good video with update of storms, hurricane in the Atlantic Basin. Imelda may be coming your way. Currently a Cat 5. 100 ft waves projected, but will most likely lessen as it approaches the UK. https://youtu.be/eb3xP_3wmxw
Damn, these lowpro tires are not cheap. Ahhh but homegirl has to have nice rims and all lol. Not no more I don't haha. Nimodo.....fork over the money girl lol
literally asking the same thing I have 5 dogs & I love them with my entire heart
Today was a rather good day ^__^ thank you for everyone’s support and love on this thing we call the internet.
Do you mean the whistleblower stuff? I've been reading about it and can't really understand what's happening either and so have given up and just hope that the whole place burns down the end.
He's one of the more recognizable guys over at PlayStation, probably. Your average PS4 consumer couldn't really name anyone else over there who's up at the top besides Shawn. He's at all the E3/PSX shows.
American Times Film thank you for the follow! I look forward to reading your tweets. Please connect with me on LinkedIn. https://ift.tt/2NFScE0
This video is from the finale of  last Monday. Judge Doron Medalie sang a little bit of a tribute to our rockstar host, Michael Aloni. Super cute & funny. michaelaloni #michaelaloni #shtisel…
BS! It was like watching an SNL skit of a episode of Sopranos. “I would like you to do us a favor though...” The key word is “though”. That is the word that makes it a quid pro quo. "A favor for a favor". Phrases with similar meanings include: "give and take", "tit for tat".
Democrats are trying to distract the public from the good economy and all the other good things the President is doing for our country. I would ignore it, and let the Democrats huff and puff, until they blow their majority down.
I’m sorry but sis i just can’t believe it my goodness do you see the size of that package
Thank you so much, Glen, but the wedding to which she was referring is my oldest son’s. That said, I’m absolutely certain Grace will be a gorgeous bride!!!
Not at all because I’ve been saying that from the get go!! Lol
this ridiculous bookmark edit workaround doesnt work for http://shared.icloud.com links and it kind of would be a perfect use of icloud shared links to put photo or album links onto the home screen since they already seem locally resolve super quickly
I just checked. The net worth of the last three presidential candidates for whom you’ve tweeted that you voted: Jill Stein - $2.5 million Mitt Romney - $190-$250 million John McCain - $200 million + Warren is worth $12 million
Oooh, where ya going? Still hoping I can spend some time in the desert this year, but I guess it will depend on how well I handle this one. I've only made it out there twice in the last two years & I'm going through withdrawal.
So members of both parties attend lunches and dinners and have debates. Most of the Dems are anti- sematic, Does that mean TPUSA is against the conservatives having these discussions and debates over a meal? Maybe the young folks at TPUSA are still Pol. Correct driven.
    soak in, this cool and cold weather my dudes. With the rain, wind, everything coming. It’s football weather... but naw it’s not It’s playoff baseball weather in Chicago baby. Next year we go STAY HEALTHY N GRIND GANG
This is the cutest shit but can we talk about ALREADY KNOW INTO RUSH OVER ME R U KIDDING
Well I’m sure they’ll reconsider once they realize you can’t even spell the position..
And you just know he poops and tweets at the same time. All those early AM tweets? From the can, for sure.
cont: we're trying to get our schools to think about teaching in a community. some small schools have 1-2 teachers per grade level. we want the teacher to work together better.
Time to adventure back in space with session 3 Ratchet & Clank UYA. I'm 6 more followers for the next goal.Also we have our new !goals !sub https://www.twitch.tv/1crash94
I found the Money launderers on pre enamel a thought for a long time ago thank God for
Legit the only thing yes the lovely baby makes everything better
Our Fun Fridays have begun! Zeke the Zebra is our newest mascot in class! Many thanks to the Marlett family!
"Trump owns the Republican Party, lock, stock, and barrel."
1 of my points here is that anyone writing the history of Iran (or anywhere!) as if it is the history of a single place&people going back centuries has to apply modern nationalist criteria to the past & exclude much of what is important. There are better ways of writing history.
i wish i had told this girl dancing in front of the brachiosaurus last night during  how beautiful she was. she had an all black outfit with fishnets and round glasses. the way her soul shined through her flowing to the music, was breathtaking.
did you not read the question he asked? no one gives af what you would play, yes or no question
Homophobes be all shookup because of the varied-color explosions in the intro. "Oh no, R-R-Rainbows!!" I love it because it makes it real obvious who should be blocked, muted, or not taken seriously in any way or fashion.
I’m fully booked both this weekend and next weekend because I have two birthday parties to attend, but the number one thing on my mind is calculating my budget for drinks for each night and approximately what time I can go home and sleep...is this what adulting is like
Idc if you with someone it’s certain stuff you shouldn’t be posting on social media. Cause let me post the stuff, i wouldn’t hear the last of it.
Save the dates for my birthday are going out THIS WEEK. One of THREE invitations. Wooo woo
 happy Birthday Karen wish you all the best in your life as well as your study have a blessing birthday with friends & family
Danni: Quite the original name. Solstice: *sighs* Ignoring her, perhaps you'd like to talk about what's upsetting you? Apparently it looks like you have to play, so may as well make it enjoyable if possible.
You shouldn’t have to threaten to leave to get the love you need but if that’s your reality get stepping
 YOU ARE THE OPRAH OF YOUTUBE ! TALENTED , CARING AND HUMBLE LOVE YOU KING
Puzzled by the many pieces to Microsoft Excel? Curious about new and hidden features? Let's create a customized training plan for your team https://www.TheSoftwarePro.com/Excel (303) 699-6868 or Dawn.com #CertifiedExcelExpert #ExcelTips
 has a great list. Wildlife Watch is fab & part of your subscription to thr Wildlife Trusts. The website has fab activities & resources too
I passed my friend in the weekly competition on 8 Ball Pool! https://8bp.co/13RKQHC
Would be nice to see the FULL unredacted Mueller report and underlying evidence
If I had the money ide give it a shot I love to read.
mario kart has made me so happy like i’ve been feeling so nostalgic and i am literally on the last two cups but i cannot pass 4 of the courses bc i can’t get my points high enough :))))
I am actually super intrigued by Euro soccer so the next time there’s a rlly big game on I want u to lmk so I can watch and decide if I like soccer or not once and for all cause I trust ur opinion on this matter
Definitely. Which is the responsibility of whom to adjust to these things so the player can be successful? I fault Frost directly for Martinez and the scheme issues. I fault Riley for the complete debacle of a roster Nebraska has. It's going to be 4-5 years before success is had.
Just wrapped up a HUGE engineering project for the week, so that's a lot of stress gone. Might do some more work tonight but overall I think I'm well prepared to de-haunt the Moon.
I love the cool crisp weather we get over the month
I love Monster House. Glad to see it’s getting the recognition it deserves
LMFAO like, who the fuck rehearses their last message to the world??? Flat-Earthers, I tell ya..
are eliminated through email and text messaging, it has become significantly easier to tiptoe around the truth, especially when catching up with close friends and family. After reading this article, I am left with an inkling of doubt in the effectiveness of (2/3) #SUComm1A19
THE 'PHANTOM' AT TWENTY: A CAPABLE DROID! https://starwarsaficionado.blogspot.com/2019/09/the-phantom-at-twenty-capable-droid.html …
So....I'm kinda back. And I just wanted to post this: I have found a trick to get the podium car in the Casino on GTA V Online :)
So let’s make sure to se ‘The Irishman’ and especially, JOKER, so as to who our support for Denison’s, Hollywood and the left. We wouldn’t want to NOT send them a message, right? Better to cry on Twitter.
Orange shirt day makes me proud that today's youth will know the atrocities that many innocent first nations families suffered. Never again can this happen
This entire movie just reeks of Fan Fiction nonsense Can we bring the books back into the main canon please
It will come...this comes from a solid, inside source. The kind that can’t give such information outright at the moment because it’s still part of ongoing investigations and would be a violation of protocol on handling classified info.
Despite the ups and down at least we would still say happy #NigeriaAt59 to my belove country Nigeria. We hope to be truely independent in all sense one day #IndependenceDay Happy New Month to you guys
I feel like some one at wwe got paid to olay there 2k game and they pick the lamest create a stage someone makes
what's good for the goose is also good for the gander isn't it above the law democrat privilege 3 Dem Senators Leahy Durbin and Mendez Wrote Ukraine Demanding Trump Investigations Continue, Arguably Threatened Aid https://www.westernjournal.com/3-dem-senators-wrote-ukraine-demanding-trump-investigations-continue-arguably-threatened-aid/?utm_source=Twitter&utm_medium=PostSideSharingButtons&utm_campaign=websitesharingbuttons …
Mother, I have news to gladden our hearts. At dock, we finally were able to pry Barr from the submersible. He reports that he has enlisted support from SPECTRE & Blofeld. Thunderball is ours! #TrumpCivilWarLetters
So Caitlyn and I are studying at Denny’s, and this son and mother approached us. She wanted to give us her homemade bookmarks in the hopes that we would read more books. She loved reading as a kid, and can no longer enjoy it because she is going blind. My heart rn
Bring it on ! You all lost the last one. We'll gladly do it again.
- somehow forget.] Pretty much the same as probably yours as well. Maybe a little faster. I happen to have no concept of time though. [He lifts the drooping flower and sighs.] You really like them? I can tell you... they're growing on Elpis. Don't ask me how, I have no clue.
Fer of the dark eh a minha fav do iron maiden fodase
I completely understand. I feel the same way about financial ventures in general. Like are our credit scores lookin good? Do we have $for a down payment? Will we still be able to maintain other financial obligations after the fact? All of that is vital.
Assigned to MTA Orange Line today, if I'm lucky, I will run into the mysterious singing Angel
i just wanna know... do girls really believe the sweet talk shit guys say? lol like cmonnnn
 latest episode with the dulcet tones of  got me off to a good start this week! I have missed you! #sayyourmind
Yes, let's discuss policy. So mature and reasonable. The grown ups are here. Except! This is a guy who lied has ass off during the last election about things like electoral reform & the Native veto - so - in that case maybe the adult thing would be to look at his character.
Project "One Cover Every Time In October" is a go!!!! I'm a little bit behind schedule as I try to get ahead of the game, but I hope not to have to miss a day. Covers will be uploaded every day at 12:00 PM EST starting TOMORROW!!!
This “political opponent” argument is BS. Has Biden won the nomination to be the Democrat candidate? When did that happen? Democrats can go after Trump, a political opponent, but Trump is to do nothing about corruption because it is Biden? What a laugh.
our trip is fast approaching yet i'm starting to get emotionally unstable haha can't imagine what it feels like to be in the happiest place on earth w/o papa
There is no “attorney-client” privilege when you’re working for the . That’s what YOU said right
love how i ask to my friend what do i have to do for next class and my classmate, from the opposite site of the classroom, yells at me telling me the homework
It was the best of times, it was the worst of times
I don’t even be giving people the time of day but soon as I do I get played
What’s up colluder? Are you ready to make the sacrifice on mount Trashmore? America’s mayor to America’s pariah.
Oh yeah!! That was him on “out the trunk” the song they used for the trailer !
Stop Smoking. Start Vaping. Vaping is safer than Smoking! - Sign the Petition! http://chng.it/FKpP6yKj via
Couldn't hear clearly, but I think Ken Burns doc music was playing in the restaurant just now (and will become the soundtrack everywhere). Spaghetti western, you could say.
“A Perfect Little Conspiracy Theory”: The Sudden Recall of the U.S. Ambassador to Ukraine Was the Beginning of the End for Trump - Vanity Fair
Good hopefully Ogero 3a2belna we are suffering honestly and it’s really catastrophic the internet like we are throwing our money away with Ogero
Congratulations to Team Brains for winning the second Squadfest! It turns out the victors of this battle were those with the wits to win it!
Compromising on maneuverabillity in favour of stealthiness, they shoot their own foot. The enemy can refit their radar much more easily than they can improve the maneuverability of their design mishap.
Ah, just silly things that made me felt angry by that time but the rest of my day went actually good. I hope you take a proper rest soon!
Please join the  for a brunch reception welcoming Alicia Lewis as the new Assistant Dean/Associate Director of the Stanford Women’s Community Center Wednesday, October 2 from 10am - 12pm at the Women’s… https://www.instagram.com/p/B3Df5lfh-bC/?igshid=9hk5x1c32a1e …
#Iran'ian Regime Elite and Families Can No Longer Travel to the #UnitedStates - United States Department of State https://www.state.gov/iranian-regime-elite-and-families-can-no-longer-travel-to-the-united-states/#.XY2gMKtH1Md.twitter … #No2Rouhani #MaximumPressure on #IRGCTERRORISTS & #BlacklistMOIS
I don’t mind the cold lol just not ice cold! I don’t think I could survive in Calgary right now lol
But, The Holy Spirit is not an "it". Jesus Is my Foundation.
Well, I didn’t burn anything else...except my fingers, on the latkes. But everyone loved the food anyway, even the challah!
You can't really say "in itself" without completely removing the context that the Russians did indeed help him in 2016. That's a big thing to just ignore. Also, I'm not sure that thing to other nations to "debunk" our intelligence agencies is of national import. Trump import, yes
Genine excitement out of D'Angelo Russell today about the prospects of sharing a backcourt with Curry and Thompson: "I'm trying to act like I've been here before like I'm this cool 10-year vet, but no. This is so cool to me."
Sophomore Wildcats pick up a 21-6 win over Fayetteville. Move to 3-1 on the season.
Get your butt out of bed, and eat a delicious and healthy breakfast and own the day!!
it’s almost october and all i can think about is the amazing content that  fed us last year.... i am beyond ready for this month to arrive.
This essay by  about #SexWork is an amazingly in depth dive into the world and legal and social ramifications Sex Workers face on a day to day basis and how people trying to "Save Them" do more harm than good. https://nplusonemag.com/issue-35/essays/cashconsent/ …
And then she had the audacity to say my booty was getting big! Ma’am don’t try to sweet talk me when I’m halfway salty at you
I just requested a greeting for the hub's 60th birthday!
Proud of how far we’ve come as a family  the little things all progress !
#Egypt can offer a better model than the #OttomanEmpire: Fethullah #Gülenhttps://ww.dailynewssegypt.com/2019/09/30/egypt-can-offer-a-better-model-than-the-ottoman-empire-fethullah-gulen/ …
Or the final 4 people eliminated would go to jury and vote on the winner based on how many nominations they won to survive to the final 2
Holy yikes this upgraded seat I purchased for my last leg home is supposed to be  Comfort+. This plane is tiny and definitely not comfortable. My little duffle barely fit in the overhead and the seats are tiny.
If they would quit trading away the young pitchers, it might help.
if you commit to me to do something, i expect you to come thru.. not ghost me and purposely ignore me when the time comes
 good afternoon my dear treyarch I would like to ask you a question if you could do a reset of tag der toten would do it because the players did not deserve that
celebrity quotes : 35 photos fascinantes des enfants stars de Stranger Things dans la vraie vie (page 5) - The Love Quotes | Looking for Love Quotes ? Top rated Quotes Magazine & repository, we provide you with top quotes from around the world https://thelovequotes.net/celebrity/celebrity-quotes-35-photos-fascinantes-des-enfants-stars-de-stranger-things-dans-la-vraie-vie-page-5 …
 defeats PCA in 3 sets to advance in the District Tournament! Congrats!    #GoBGA
Known users of personal email: Jared. Ivanka. Bannon. Miller. Cohn. McFarland. Priebus. Trump cares as much about the mishandling of email by current White House officials as he does about corruption in Ukraine. #GOP #Hypocrisy #ButHerEmails
I cannot wait for the cooler weather. We need it and we need it now. LOL
Happy birthday to the cutest girl ever Wish you all happiness and ur dreams come true No words can describ how much i love you I miss you so much bby
I see a lot of investor concern with beaten up sector like NBFC, Chemical, Real Estate and many more. However, this is the time to do deep work and see if one can find interesting opportunities. Investment success=Be selective, Deep work, Humility and Patience
Thanks again for finding this awesome bird Florence, and great to run into you again! :) Hope the next time when you tweet your findings they will get posted! Great photo Gloria!
But isn't taking a picture of each QR code super unsafe? I assume most people have cloud backup of their pics, so you are just putting the private key on the cloud.
If I was going I would cheer for the raiders... but buying other teams merchandise.... I don’t think so
Home office and car expenses are the most common tax deduction claims by employees.  can help you understand the laws #CRA #T2200http://CVSoci.al/LFpzOFFB
Just like their Minister, didn't bother the opinion of others.
Thank you to  for inviting Conserve It BDM  to present and discuss #SmartBuilding #Analytics and Conserve It's #PlantPRO at the EasyIO APAC conference in Bali yesterday. #Skyspark #SkyFoundry #NiagaraAnalytics #PlantPRO #EasyIO #Tridium
PAY ONLY AFTER THE WORK IS COMPLETE . i am currently a senior in college and looking for some work. I can help you with your math at a reasonable and affordable price. DM me if you are interested. Cheers and have a nice day
One of my friends, told me about the band episode. After he told me about it, it gave me a nightmare. Man's best friend was a bit crazy.
Great opportunity for early career researchers to present in the HGM2020 trainee symposium held at
Feel just a little bit better about the situation 365 days later.
LMAO at people that tweet and retweet about saving the earth and being eco friendly but then go and do a ball of blow every weekend
Yup, Efe and Miracle. I actually expected Tobi to come because of the Bet9ja connection
Please post a video of your  waitress saying something about our #Moneyball contest to qualify for the two free tickets. Thanks!
Spent 3 hours doing the Tag der Toten EE and it wouldn’t let us press F to pay respects
Nah, I'm sure he is really happy with how the bullpen performed this year.
These medium sized grey birds out my window have yellow tipped tails and black face masks ... the face masks make them look like super heroes. There’s like 9 of them. They are eating juniper berries.
I wish the old man pulled the gun. They would be running like rabbits
It is always nice when the "best hair in Ethereum" visits —  and  even leave you funny Easter eggs
I heard that you like the bad girls honey, is that true? #videogames
Ah, you missed a Very important aspect of Chamberlain shaking Satan’s or Hitler’s hand. They are using the Masonic handshake- also used by Mormons. Guess which one pictured was there on behalf of Salt Lake? Hitler Loved Mormons and vice versa.
 #VoiceBlinds Get you a great team! This is the time to get the artists that will make you a winner yet again!
Tell us about yourself 1- tharushi 2- single 3- limitless nct 127 4- 4410 5- snapchat 6- dont have one :( 7- school 8- australian 9- 2 10- no 11- spiders 12- 2019 13- kpop 14- rlly kind uwu Drop an emoji for the questions
Thinking of him and grateful for his presence in your life. Hoping for peace for you and all who loved and miss him. We don't like to lose the good ones.
y'all out there gonna stop makin' these cute adopts!!! i dont have the money for all these cuties!!!
I love the fiend concept but is it necessary I constantly have him mandible claw legends and then poof it’s like nothing happened? This week he gets Hogan Flair Mysterio and Rock. But for what? #RAW
Ready start going to the grocery store for myself atp
Duh! Climate change and all. Here’s actually hoping fake news has to fly around in the cheap seats. Your reports are worth less. Maybe you could get a wing seat? Hoping it has a good “Pickle”.
Trump Pressed Australian Leader to Help Barr Investigate Mueller Inquiry’s Origins - The New York Times https://www.nytimes.com/2019/09/30/us/politics/trump-australia-barr-mueller.html …
We want to give a shout out to two of our favorite creators and Game Journalists:  and  right at the creation of this new show. We love Axe of the Blood God so much, we wanted to do our own!
i'm trying my best not to act crazy while waiting for this package to arrive. Every time I hear a car pass, my ass runs to the window tryna find a big ass brown van amazon has truly spoiled me. this has been the longest 5 days of my lifeeeeee
This shit is gonna be like super helpful for rich people. “Oh you’re a 2? I’m only a 6! That’s almost the same” When a 2 means 25k a year and living paycheck to paycheck and a 6 means 250k a year and also you work at your dads law firm
 we were told when we sat down at Chefs de France that we had the best waiter, Maxime, and I think the host was right. Polite, efficient and just conversational enough. Bravo, Maxime! Oh, and the meal was delicious too #CastCompliment
I am ooo God talk say may we trust the process.... we’ve had bad times since Fergie left....but I believe it’s coming to an end
 Headed to  Fraser’s Ridge Homecoming: Return to the Ridge this week! Sorry you’ll miss this awesome Outlander event immersed in 1700’s history. Maybe a stop before the NYCC?
revisited a sketch from august bc i love my lad from the bottom of my heart and havent gotten so close to drawing him realistically before
The Global Business of Music Streaming Still Favors U.S. Music | RS News 9/30/19 https://gentnews.com/the-global-business-of-music-streaming-still-favors-u.s.-music-rs-news-9-30-19.html …
You spiritually grow to Heaven by understanding and accepting Jesus Christ as your Savoir. You must love and perform good works, forgive yourself and others, studying the word of God and releasing your addictions to this physical world. God bless you.
Luciferians share beliefs of philosophies in their celebration and protection of the earth (Terra) and the natural world. They strongly disagree with some religious systems that see man's role as one which is entitled to freely use and abuse natural resources.
Please help support The Hargreeves' Birthday, add a #Twibbon now!https://twibbon.com/support/the-hargreeves-birthday/twitter …
It’s sooooooo good and not a bit more expensive than the regular kind. It’s sliced just for you and each piece is individually wrapped between pretty little pieces of plastic wrap. This week Boar’s Head is only $5.49 a pound and she gets half a pound!
It’s still the same . If I want to start working out a week after I give birth . I can . I’ve known people who’s body healed in a week . Y’all judging moms who want to feel good about themselves and that’s wrong.
stolen aha open your "On Repeat" playlist on Spotify, post the top four songs and let your followers decide if you have a good taste
How come the Whistleblower rules were changed in August to allow non-direct or non first hand Whistleblower complaints? Seems strange a little bit. The soft coup continues.
Aren’t we finally ready for this? Someone knows the truth
'The Resident' Exclusive: Meet Morris Chestnut's Character, A Ruthless Doctor, In The Medical Drama's Third Season https://shadowandact.com/the-resident-exclusive-meet-morris-chestnuts-character-a-ruthless-doctor-in-the-medical-dramas-third-season … #shadowAndAct
Oh so it's public holiday in Nigeria tomorrow? No wonder, the carnival started late. #BBNaija #VOTEMercy
The statute does not require first-hand knowledge, sorry. Maybe that’s why they changed the form, hm? Or did that not occur to your “gifted in logic” brilliance?
For just $7/month, you can support  & get access to the Adoptees Off-Script #podcast where  talks extra-candidly with other #adoptees (like me!). This week, we explore the AdoptED app: https://www.patreon.com/adopteeson #NationalPodcastDay
I’m keeping Kevin in my lineup on the strength of his stand up specials but I actually like The Wedding Ringer, and Get Hard. For me, the Ride Alongs can go, but there’s also the Think Like a Mans, Secret Life of Pets & Scary Movie 3 which I won’t even really count but I love.
I feel so blessed to be close to the ones I’m close to these days.
to the one person who sent me a cc message i adore you thank you
Such clever rhetoric. Why not just say “don’t worry whether your fav crypto is classified as security or not”. Why the dramatic narrative?
    Please watch this and listen to the person don’t guess think etc...Try to listen then think.Ok?
Please what’s the name of the movie.. I need to laugh
Shord in the video got a nice nipple but y’all titties do that? Outta pocket
Reversing the Great Game - Pakistan's Pivot - Global Village space...
This is unrelated to basically anything but i like the idea of yuuri fuckin blanking out pleasuring viktor like, finally got the O.K so hes going wild and instincts taking over Yuuris a feral hog
Lol thats about right 30 points are in the margin of error
Besides trying to end my night reading a little bit instead of in front of my computer screen doing work, I’ve been using this stress relief lotion from Bath and Body Works that my husband bought for me forever ago. The scent is really soothing plus it h… https://ift.tt/2nZQQt1
Autopilot Team Deserve all the Credits  We all (the share holders) should “donate” a Tsla share to them as an end of the yr Bonus!
I’m so excited to spend all of the holidays with our baby boy, it makes it 10x more exciting
Think my co worker said or something.. he’s playing Stan by Eminem and hasn’t really sad anything since I got in the car lmao
But he threw for 4200 yards, 30tds, and both receivers had 1000 yards. So I wouldn't put full blame on him for the passing ranks.. their line also stinks
being unashamedly happy feels so weird?? a good weird though. for the first time in literal years im not constantly thinking "when is it going to get ruined" and i love it
everybody keep saying I’m gaining weight , the scale say 121 ; but ion see it
John 11:25 - Jesus said to her, "I am the resurrection and the life. He who believes in me will live, even though he dies... #BibleQuotes #Faith
Thank you for the sparknotes! You want to check out my RT of Michael Cohen's statement before the House Intel Committee awhile back. Prophetic.
EC Boys Varsity Soccer defeated Batesville tonight 1 to 0. Won the EIAC and celebrated senior honor night! JV warming up.
Yeah I can't believe they weren't dumb enough to immediately believe this story instead of waiting for the evidence like you. How many times is this type of thing going to have to happen before you lunatics stop?
I mean, it’d be better if it weren’t because of nonexistent weirdos who, for some reason want to give expensive drugs away, and instead focused on the incredible, absurd waste (the wrappers, the money, the possible illicit practices in the chocolate industry...)
Tbh I haven’t played HGSS but I love johto and Kanto but mostly for the fuckin music man
My body feels all banged up from putting in work in the freezer earlier lmao.
In the same vein as the famous line, "You had me at Hello", One fine day on Warski Live, you had me at,... "You know JF, ...this is not your show."
In addition to so many things in the ABU Next-Level portal is another thing that makes students spill-over. Even if you think you don't have anything to do with portal check it again and verify everything. Please use this opportunity/
While October's set to open on a similarly warm note to September's finish, we're tracking the renewed potential for t-storms and another round of locally heavy rain. In this video update, we discuss when storms are most likely to return.
The beauty this man possesses is infinite! WHY LAY?! JUST WHY?!
To Train or HIRE? How retraining the workforce is a better value proposition. If you agree, comment below & let me know how ur company is leading the upskilling programs? #leadershipandmanagement #futuretech #workforcetransformation #trainingandenablement #skills4future #bxponent
I don't know! I'm worried. I hope the other gems come into play and help Phos here. ;_;
We should never have to sacrifice our well being. I can’t imagine what my health would be if I didn’t have the privileges I have to have health care and have a full time job with understanding bosses. Anywhere else I would probs be fired from because of my body and it’s needs
Help to free Martinha, the dolphin concealed! Plz sign: http://www.change.org/en-GB/petitions/martinha-the-dolphin-concealed …
Thanks for the update. Was just about to contact you guys. Appreciate y’all standing on top of it and keeping us informed.
actually, messing with the saturation is always a problem because it amps up the pixelation, which is already natural to happen in any editing process, but it's also easy to fix.
While their actions are classically diabolic, I will leave the weighing of their souls to the Supreme Judge of the Universe.
Monitoring: Our engineering team has implemented a fix to resolve the issue with Block storage and kubernetes clusters and is monitoring the situation. We will post an update as soon as the issue is fully resolved.
first of all i am allowed to comment whutever the f i want :) second sexual content is not allowed on twitter.
the thing with Kawhi is he prolonged the whole darn thing and pretty much had the Lakers as a second option if the Clip couldnt bring him some grade A help
After a long walk and some gardening, I’m in the mood to make supper, kick back and watch a movie. Luckily  showed the 1931 Dracula with Bela Lugosi on the weekend
This legit made me laugh out loud. No liberals read Breitbart, of course the results will be skewed! Lmfao
Kelly Oubre Jr. is a fashion designer, stylist, model, who just so happens to hoop well enough to play for the Wizards
Take it how you want it the only people I fw are the ones who been down even when I felt like givin up even when I didn’t wanna do this shit anymore so if you stayed down for me I truly appreciate that shit I promise you don’t go Unnoticed
Did you find out? Looks like they’re doing law enforcement driving training at the racetrack today-maybe that’s it?
Hey Toby. Remember the days when I used to grab your scrotum and give it a squeeze. You never complained. Good for you old chap. It saved your career
In case any men are wondering what cramps feel like just imagine getting stabbed in the abdomen repeatedly all day and being told it's "just a natural part of life"
Appreciate the family that you have, cause a day will come when one of those family members needs everything they can get to stay alive...
Am I the only one who would like to have a mixture of RSS readers and something like pocket, so you can both read individual articles but also blogs?
Life is like photography. You need the negatives to develop. - Unknown #quote http://amiedevero.com #executivecoaching
 the call was perfect, perfect. The Whistleblower is lying. So the transcript is a lie too? Dude your entire life is a lie.
Kind of like Putin- huh. We are the USA, not this shit.
He couldn't step into the throw as the safety was left untouched. Saints ran a scheme with a delayed slant blitz and no one blocked the DB who came free.
So what. I am glad. Let’s get to the bottom of these fraudulent claims.
Has a fever just under the emergency line for the last day but still smiling and profiling like usual
"There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist, or accept the responsibility for changing them."
Hey  Today, you are the happinest boy. You have so many brides waiting for you in the church haha. They are ready to become your wife. Today, give wedding ring to them. Dont let them down
fun time. that means you’ve got to sleep tonight, so you have the energy to walk around and have fun tomorrow.
Intelligence is knowing the right answer. Wisdom is knowing when to say it. - Tim Fargo #quote Get Healthy Now. http://tinyurl.com/zkqyqee #babyboomers
They should've been aware of this possibility well before the inauguration. It was obvious.
Truly only the most ignorant people in this country actually believe the popular vote matters or should matter. It is a terrible idea.
i never had a dream come true 'til the day that I found you
NEW merchandise descriptions have been shared on Love's Hangover LLC. We now have an app you can download as well. Shop us from across the globe. #WearAfrica #WomeninTech #WomeninBusiness #AfricanUnion #Trade #GlobalBusiness #Empowerment #Handmade #Fash…https://lnkd.in/eHvF5qh
His strength to hold our country together with jobs borders working for America all around while the democrats can not distract him from his job. Great President
Like it's 1am, its a weekday, what is there possible to shout about outside in the rain
Pray for me or send good vibes to the universe. Please and thank you
I'm blessed to have created this life for myself. Everyone doubted me since birth. People acted as if it impossible for me to accomplish my dreams, all the good & bad events in my life motivated me to become the strongest man mentally I do this for everyone around me
I love the little alien nephew when he says he's gonna destroy the whole wide world and the head gets big. They're all so adorable.
Need an excuse to gorge on Thanksgiving? Like helping charities? Check out our team fundraising page https://fundraise.ymaryland.org/team/258274 Early Bird discount ends today, get in early and join our team for the…
sifas outfits are so gorgeous tbh can't wait for the int release!!!
I legit asked my self what am i , iam a fans but yet the non fans luckiest than me what the actual f
I love naps in my car. A lot of the people I work with actually take naps in the car.
They showed the replay well in advance of VAR confirming it was a goal.
He doesn't need Influencers to blow his song, he has a solid fanbase that does that for him free and with love, wizkid fc is the hardest in Africa, influencers nightmare
’s Brother-In-Law’s Company Received $737,000,000 From Obama’s Energy Dept As “Loan Guarantee”! To understand future must understand the past-at least when it comes to what we can expect from .   ://rightwingtribune.com/2019/06/07/pelosis-brother-in-laws/ …
I've been stuck with the new one for a while you get used to it but I really prefer the original look
Do your little bit of good where you are; it's those little bits of good put together that overwhelm the world. ― Desmond Tutu #quote
Praising Him on the easy days is good...but don’t forget to praise Him on the hard days, too.
Haven’t been in the first season of the league since bo3 and ironically my best game since (WWII) I wasn’t in the league at all Time will tell
.  and  have agreed to a temporary extension to keep our station on the air as negotiations continue on a new agreement.
Does cooking classes teach you how to use an easy bake oven I like the pretzels
And he works for the U.S. Government, how? With what security clearance?
The truth comes forth deep in our dreams. Often what we call a dream is someone else's nightmare. Good and Evil are often confused when it comes to our self-interest. https://www.markhumes.gallery/collections/the-book-of-lost-verses-book-3-collection/products/dreams-of-good-and-evil …
Alipay and Tecent Pay are everywhere for consumers, ecommerce, shopping malls, restaurants, taxi, farmers markets, utilities, P2P transfer, mom and pop shops (with terminals to scan your Alipay)... the list goes on. Paypal needs to find a niche/segment to gain market share.
Translation: Putin will freeze all Trump assets if the phone calls are divulged.
Nick called me “dawg” and “babe” in the same sentence today in a letter hahah he really does love me
I'd like to add to this, every Adam Sandler movie that came out in the 2010s.
Hopefully i can stream tonight and hope to see yall there i love you all and especiallly the real ones love you even more
Lololol literally saying the Dems want to take away your vote as state Republican parties are canceling Republican primaries. So rich w bullshi you’re almost entertaining!
I really be seeing the best in people all the time. Gotta quit that
Yeah only because he’s played down the middle due to lack of depth. When martial is there he is a winger
BUT THEY HAD GOOD REASON TO HYPE THE BROWNS UP! With that much talent on their team it was safe to assume they'd be a great team, but the Dak hype came out of left field and it was VERY undeserving!
If he has not worked than you are mistaken, he has looked after and cared for all the sections of society
You don't need to be ironic. It's no brain surgery. Just read the article. It's easy to understand.
#DWTS Juan Pablo Di Pace's reaction to the new Judges save format change....
Wym one of the best teams in the league, flyers suck man that’s why they’re moving them overseas
In a statement issued late Monday afternoon,the inspector general of the intelligence community(ICIG)said the form submitted by the whistleblower on Aug12,2019,was the same one the ICIG has had in place since May24,2018.The statement reiterated the fact that having firsthand....
The Joint chiefs should renounce this President for not being able to trust his judgment.
So his lack of burst in the open field and he’s not breaking tackles says something about his ability. The leading rusher means something-he’s effective over 16 games if you feed him the ball 325-350 carries a year. The argument was originally his burst/top end speed.
The streets of Rethymno are wonderful to walk around so much colour and old ornate architecture, Some of it is old damaged but great to photograph giving lots of texture. · · · · · #architecture #crete #streetphotography #architecturelovers #greece #stre… https://ift.tt/2oDIwiS
Incredibly cool time-lapse. Caught the storm at the perfect time! Enjoy https://youtu.be/L3gIaejYpLM
Been on a call for the past 3hrs with my mumi swear this woman has told me her whole life and i also opened up to her and to be honest our mum have seen it all and understand our fears an concerns about the future and all...im ready for my next chapter
If Blue and White can’t even acknowledge their Palestinian national identity, what can the Joint List gain from supporting Gantz? http://bit.ly/2mPEpQv
proud of all the #gentleman especially my cousin #marshallbrodsky
Fact 9: "He knows how to flirt, he knows how to be dominant, he knows how to top well. He knows how but he both lacks the self confidence and the interest to act upon it. He'll makes exceptions to this from time to time if he's dating a partner with a submissive side to them."
Awesome let’s go to the FBI and report him. Oh wait, he oversees the FBI and the intelligence professionals he’s trying to discredit. Hmmm interesting conflict?
Today I dug around on Andrew Johnson’s response to his impeachment. For the most part he took it pretty well, but did make a big deal out of Confederate VP Alex Stephens praising him - reminscent of all Trump’s stories where a tough guy calls him “sir.” Thread:
Well anyone who hears paintings must be the authority on everything wrong with Alberta. FYI, the Wild Rose, is actually a rose
Puts the elder's head on his thigh. "Pssh—" Cue the gentle headpats.
Yes, we are still celebrating my girl!! The crew #goodtime#recuitting
"The National Park Service’s 123-page report, obtained via the Freedom of Information Act, emerges from a well-respected agency within the Interior Department as the Department of Homeland Security and the White House push ahead with their... https://buff.ly/1NKpyMc
And the best chocolatiers in Belgium are … https://www.en24.news/2019/09/and-the-best-chocolatiers-in-belgium-are.html …
It was a very simple and easy recipe and quick to fix... just in the time to boil the pasta. I do not normally do a lot of vegetarian meals, but this one was good enough to keep the recipe and do again.
Why would the Bengals honor him at all? He quit on us! If be disappointed if they did retire his number.
Y’all...I went to the gym today...we bless God for that workout
Other whistleblowers, if you're listening, I hope you’re able to find the courage to speak up. I think you will probably be rewarded mightily by our democracy!
Right! I was lunching... distracted laughing at Stacey Dash doing the perp walk
 Gotta slide out earlier next time G... niggas wasn’t even turnt like that by the time you pulled up
Eighty percent of success is showing up. — Woody Allen #quote RT to share the wisdom :)
I brought up--not black folks--but the history of the racial divide in this country, which is not analogous to Scandinavia (although, they too increasingly have challenges in this area, because of non-assimilated immigration.)
thank u to all my friends for the overwhelming support!!!! u rock!!!!!
We have too many people over here! Filly is the one who co-writes here. Fella is me! Who does most of the tweeting. Sweet Potato is Tater Tot's mother and our daughter.
#Trump seeks #SCAMO aka #ScottMorrison to assist in Perverting the Course of Justice. #USA #auspol
#independenceday2019 #IndependenceDay #NigeriaAt59 #Nigeria Let's give our children something to be proud of.. God bless the federal Republic of Nigeria
Proud to partner with  this weekend at The University of Oklahoma! Their work to drive change around less waste and products made with recycled packaging is amazing! #recycletogether #ad
They love pretending “they don’t understand that language” like it’s so difficult and then they proceed to act like they’re intellectuals and experts LIKE IF NOT ALL LANGUAGES ARE MADE UP LMAO I literally can do whatever the hell I want with language since it doesn’t really exist
The left side of the family would be thrilled!! #TitanUp
Telling me on Twitter that I should connect with you on LinkedIn in an automatic message is like saying you don't like the bar we are in
Just placed my vote for the NASCAR Xfinity Series Most Popular Driver! Who’s got your vote?   #MostPopularDriver
Everyone obsessing over Shinobu and they forget about the real best girls. #kimetsunoyaiba #DemonSlayer
Should I jack off or should I save my cummies for reproductive purposes? I mean we are already overpopulated so what’s the point anyway
 well the whole ESPN pre game picked the Steelers.. #sellthebengals
Thank God the rest of us will continue to support draining the swamp. You'll thank is in 20 years! #trump2020
Sis, I LOVE Koko, I just don’t love that we lost the spare key bc it’s a specialist car out here just got off the phone to another place and they’ll do it for $520 all up and no towing required, tai Iesū
Congrats to the #AMLWrestling World Tag Team Champions, The Dawson Brothers, for wrestling on the first tapings of #NWAPower & getting the W! Be careful, NWA. We know from experience the damage that they can inflict. Thx to  on Twitter for the scoops & pics.
H3 Heroes Helping Heroes 4LIFE is a nonprofit supporting and serving “Wellness on the Front Lines” 4 Heroes 1st Responders & Heroes Military and their Families. Founder Mark A. George was at KUSI to tell us more. https://www.kusi.com/the-crossroads-between-ptsd-and-ptg-post-traumatic-growth/ …
As nice as Jeudy sounds Giants gotta go pass rush in the first
Missing the losers club but I only wanna see mike being happy
Who promises who though? I cant imagine president Warren honoring a promise trump makes to the GOP
I would love to see at least 8 teams here. I hear the venue is great and in an awesome location.
NYC has gone to the dogs just like California. Soros funding all this.
Congratulations to the 2019 Best Places To Work: Central Valley Winners! ⁦ ⁩ ⁦ ⁩ ⁦ ⁩ ⁦ ⁩ Prime Shine Grimbleby Coleman CPAs Think you have what it takes to make the 2020 list? http://www.bestsplacestoworkcentralvalley.com
should i use my jimin pfp and header i have planned for the whole month of october or just for his bday help pls i’m so indecisive
honestly was about to today, man somehow got to the point of touching my thigh i was sooooo
Justin Bieber and Hailey Baldwin marry for the second time in a romantic ceremony in South Carolina. https://bit.ly/2neJp18
I come out of multiple roleplay communities where the crux of interaction was friends shipping their OCs together. So while I think its perfectly normal, my perspective is a little world.
We never really knew if he passed the test or not. But he took it quite often. Maybe it was like a automotive learner's permit test- you can take it as many times as needed until you pass it once?
One of the best times of the year: creating your spooky october icon
OK. I GOT IT!!! Double entendre: “investi-gate.” The name is also an instruction. You’re welcome!!
His top songs are "Ready to Eat", "Gimme the Food," and "Dogs Bleed"
Hello #Raw watchers. This is a chair I own used by . I know you are looking forward to the  premiere but if you want a truly historic experience then check out  on  #GCWCurtaincall
I hope she got punched at school the next day. Imagine thinking you’re cool for using racial slurs against people. Couldn’t be me
If you could not attend the interest meeting today but would still like to join APO, message any APO member and they’ll get you the information you need.
Heritage is the best in the business. Same day payouts and site actually works unlike
Judy on the Spot tip : Make Your Vision A Reality... Think of your home as a fine museum or showplace, and start to cultivate objects that are beautiful, necessary, and meaningful. #homeorganization #declutter…
Oh, aren't you a blast from the past! I missed you so much! I haven't forgotten about you, and of the ways you helped me cheer up back in the day!
Hopefully any trial will last 2/3 days. To convict the President they will need 67 senators that would mean 20 Republicans voting to convict. NOT GOING TO HAPPEN. I say bring it on !!!!!!!
So who is the idiot who decided the Women's 200 M and 400 M should start on the same day???? You do know there are women that run both events right? Including the best in the world ??? #IAAFWorldChampionships #IAAFDoha2019 #IAAFWorlds #iaafworldchamps #Idiots
The "We took Mitch over Pat" people. Mitch was the #1 QB on 90% of teams boards. He was the easy number 1 QB. If KC moved up, they were going Trubisky. Not 1 team had Mahomes as the top QB, he started the pre draft as a 2nd round pick, late 1st. For the ones in the back. #bears
“Closer” x Cyhi is one of the best songs ever recorded. From start to finish. Fact check me.
If there's anyone that's going to save the Chicago Bears offense it would be
When do we get the freedom to say the truth about what Trumpand his scum supporters deserve? This is not just a political issue, its demonstrated unfitness for office. I can't hate these people enough and I want the worst for them.
Seems like now it is the first to break a story, facts be damned. And also to twist it the way you want, not just report.
Love that the 30 minute timer went off and he’s still reading
Lesson of the day: “Some won’t appreciate what’s in front of them”
 34 paces the pretzels to a victory tonight over Belvidere on senior night. Thank you  and JP for your dedication to pretzel golf. You will be missed
I just want Halloween to be over so I can release the Christmas spirit around the house
Email him back saying ‘Hey there Evil Bastard’ thanks for the info, I will get in touch with my mum.....be strong - hit back and keep hold of your power. Here’s some Love
you'll be thrown in w/ Bernie Madoff , Trump, don't drop the soap !
The  government led by  already weakened our liberal democracy. POLITICAL CLIMATE CHANGE is imminent. We'll become like North Korea ,  all time favourite country. #cdnpoli #onpoli #elxn43 #NotAsAdvertised #BrownFaceTrudeau
We don’t deserve it but I’d be glad to see it. I’m still sing “bro” at the top of my lungs.
No. And all the other channels on that TV are good.
john goodman is the same actor from the original too
Hey girl, dm me the details for plagiarism free work.
Nicolas Pepe has actually been shocking. I thought he was class, but it’s a strong reminder anyone can look good in the French league. Even then, he only had 1 good season in the French league, so is he worth £75m?
Welcome aboard. Baseball certainly has its problems but I would argue that baseball playoffs are the most exciting in all of sports, hockey playoffs might be a close second.
#ImpeachmentIsComing is trending! Awesome! Can't wait for the day I read #TrumpImpeached trending! FOR REAL! It's been a LONG time coming! #ImpeachTrump
Trevor Noah says Trump is the first president to ‘actually deliver’ on promises https://nypost.com/2019/05/18/trevor-noah-says-trump-is-the-first-president-to-actually-deliver-on-promises/ …
Are you thinking of adopting a greyhound into your family & are wondering what you get when you adopt through the GAP NSW program Our ambassador Tim Cahill explains : http://bit.ly/CahillGAP2019 #GreyhoundsAsPets #GAPNSW
that is an actual flag for the `np` library publishing tool :) `np --yolo` skips running tests and reinstalling deps.
I wasn’t crazy about the look at first either but I feel like he just has a different energy with the new look this year
I won the gold one. It was very easy! He didn't even try on the second Pokémon. I'm dissapointed..
Wait.. I only noticed it now. The pic that I posted was without BG. So HOW there's the exact original background of the original pic ?!
I want to say thank you to  for the  gift card. I went today and spent my birthday money (and then some).This is everything I got. Sadly  was pretty picked over. But I still got my 5x NYX points! Total points earned today: over 650 #haul
That’s how the Giants and Dodgers should get along. Classy scene!
Wouldn’t doing it the governors way create division within the team and division within the different sports on campus? We already have enough division in this country, let’s at least get this right!
Reuters is like the Pentagon's house organ.... notice how their "reporters" are gathering intelligence on military bases, if Chinese reporters did this in the US they would be arrested and sent to the Guantanamo dog cages
"Thankyou , my love , for always making me feel like the most beautiful woman in the world "
Relationships end too soon because people stop putting the same effort to keep you as they did to win you. #Relationship #teamfollowback
I hope your followers who copy your 7 day fasts are aware of the risk of a refeeding syndrome
Having a cycle is so ghetto , ugh the shit women go through
Not if they live off campus. They may get some sort of per diem but it goes towards everything. And again, regardless, why shouldn’t they have the ability to go sign an autograph and make money? A music scholarship guy/girl can go play a gig at a bar for money
Pretty sure The President is going to win re-election and AG Barr is about to indict some POS Democrats.
Hammers and falls are good analogies for gun deaths, is what I'm saying. A mass gunman does intend it and he is using a weapon made to do exactly what he's doing with it. While there are many factors that contribute, the intent and result are in perfect alignment...
#repost  ・・・ We just want to say thank you to everyone that came to Oktoberfest on Saturday!! We hope you all had a great time dancing to the live music, competing in the Stein Hoist Contest and…
Good morning to exo and malaysian exol only. Today is already 1st october let us wait patiently for the concert announcement
The droughty situation,got me feeling some typa way! Can somebody, please follow link below and do whatever needs to be done. https://youtu.be/4dPjONDN3ZI Yours Modern Millennial
My coworker really made me wanna get the new iphone lmao
I’ve got #Nationals winning the #NLWildCard on TBS. #dmv
Totally login audius so far! Looks promising, but I would enjoy a less cluttered UI and maybe a customizable color scheme for the desktop app
You're simply restating that you weren't familiar with the original story but rather how places like the Washington Post are misrepresenting that story. No one has ever alleged that the statute changed. Try to keep up
Police Officer Captures Breathtaking Video of Homeless Woman Singing Opera in the Los Angeles Subway https://www.goodnewsnetwork.org/homeless-woman-singing-opera-in-los-angeles-subway/#.XZKW0Grcgwk.twitter …
"The way Tottenham have broken into the elite without simply outspending their rivals is pretty much unprecedented in the Premier League era, and a reminder of what makes sport so exciting." Even Arsenal fans know...
"I want to understand your reasoning. Why did you keep me alive? I didn't keep my part of the deal, so why should you keep yours? There's far too much on the line for you."
Tonight! Hope you do well. Dancing with the Stars is my Favorite commercial TV show
"The best way to listen is with your mouth shut." ~ Jesse Lyn Stoner
Girl!! It’s been 2.5 years and he still don’t wanna let me see my son I be seeing his mom and she be like the dog didn’t eat when I left
 #VoiceBlinds congrats you're gonna be this season winner, I am certain You have the winner on your team.. They're gonna love Jake!
Equity & access is one of my personal passions & it matters. Discovering that for some this is a disconnect has been a surprising part of my leadership journey & learning how to broach the conversation w/o causing defensiveness is still a work in progress https://www.thinkingmaps.com/equity-education-matters/ …
my favorite genre of comedy is the 1 hour condescending lecture. better to learn than laugh. truly revolutionary.
This makes it 1000x more badass when the C's play Shipping Up to Boston in the garden
God bless you Let's change the narrative this year. No rest till Friday 9pm. VOTE Seyi to 32052
I was going back & forth on whether I was gonna make the 3 hr trip to the courthouse to get it. Anyway, the prop sold . I’m guessing for < $15K. Hopefully not <$10K. 3 days later the new owner listed it for sale “as is” for $30K.
The Bee Is Declared The Most Important Living Being On The Planet http://science-andinfo.blogspot.com/2019/07/the-bee-is-declared-most-important.html …
The best thing is being able to ship all orders without missing products and in a timely fashion
Job in Denton, Texas! - DFW Metroplex Roofing Specialists! https://nextgenerationroofingtx.com/ "Home of the Lifetime Guarantee" - Please follow us at https://twitter.com/nxtgenroofingtx and  #AllTexasMedia #ntxgenroofingtx 817-770-2778 Call Today!
<tv dinner breath> Blow the whistle blow the whistle blow the whistle blow the whistle blow the whistle blow the whistle they have been guilty for a long time they've been pulling the wool over all of our eyes call security call security call security blow the whistle blow the
Bunging the EU billions of pounds for free shows the toxic ineptitude at the heart of May's Brexit deal. #wastedYearshttps://www.telegraph.co.uk/politics/2019/09/30/bunging-eu-billions-pounds-free-shows-toxic-ineptitude-heart/ …
..5 approaching peak point with the adoption of SJW pseudo-Marxist values in society and therefore a change in it and in legislation will come in the next 10/20 years. Abortion will remain legal, but as with marriage/children/divorce it will return to be a very serious matter.
How about a different head coach ? If not that, maybe some passion on the sideline to motivate the troops? #usf
This one is gonna be tuff.....I like them both. I'll have to root for.....the ref..let him call the winner lol
Extra props to , whose second season is one of the best, most meaningful, most difficult, most infuriating, and most vital pieces of media I’ve ever encountered #NationalPodcastDay
If this ain’t the truth, “N0t iN My H0UsE” Mutombo Headass
What an astonishing thing is sin, which maketh the God of love and Father of mercies an enemy to his creatures, and which could only be purged by the blood of the Son of God! Though all must believe this who believe...
You know the vibes RT : refs been tellin mfs all week harden ain’t traveling and ppl just like “nah” lol sick world
IT Chapter 1 & Don’t Breathe; probably the best horror films in years
Wow, an official letter from the Australian government seems to disagree. You guys are batting like 0 for 350.
Depends on the person. In the long run it's easier to just let your intentions be known it saves everyone a headache.
Good thing - zedd, kehlani Feeling - lauv Call you mine - the chainsmokers , bebe rexha
Under the points it says redeem. On top of where it says earn 600 points
The canaries in the coal mine will always alert you to what is amiss....pay attention. #ClearTheAir
Donald Trump contacted other countries to request help in investigating Robert Mueller's Russia probe "at Attorney General Barr's request," the Justice Department confirmed. https://www.huffpost.com/entry/trump-pressured-australian-leader-doj-investigating-mueller-probe_n_5d926445e4b0019647ad219e?ncid=engmodushpmg00000004 … via
A little 2bd/1ba house was up for auction. It was modest but it had a separate custom built storage unit in the backyard & the old man (before dying) had created a beautiful mini half acre vegetable farm.
Australia, zig-zagging between the two frantically: It is I, your loyal beer-holder!
Apologies for any frustration, Natalie! We don't currently have the streaming rights for those seasons, but we'd be happy to share your request with our content team! In the meantime, check out: https://hulu.tv/Feedback- to see how you can vote for these additions in our Community.
A new twist on your favorite Rice Crispy Treats using Pumpkin Spice flavored Peanut Butter! YUM! The
That’s the  leaving Manhattan. I wonder if they designed it on purpose to look like the #disneylandmonorail (look at the back). #boats #statenislandferry https://ift.tt/2oH2fy9
All of the analysts tonight pick the Steelers to win tonight
feel like I havent tweeted in forever, I just wanna say Alhamdulillah for everything. Sometimes you gotta appreciate Allāh SWT for creating every single thing on this earth. This weekend was the first time in years that I left home and I couldnt have asked for a better experience
I’ve mentally prepared myself all day for this episode. Bring on the crazy lol #911onFOX
LIVE! Apex Legends tonight with the  crew. Come hangout and help me reach  affiliate tonight!!  #SupportSmallStreamershttps://www.twitch.tv/mpnevolution
Such a good girl! Abby would be proud! She loved to bark bark bark at the birds in the store
Justice Sonia Sotomayor is a trailblazer who's paved the way for other Latinas in the law. In a decade on the Supreme Court she's become a champion for immigrants, women & criminal justice reform. She's also a fellow  grad & a prolific Yankees fan! #LatinxHeritageMonth
please do not tell me I am the only one who pronounces lmao as "le mayo"
I am cooking “Sunday” pot roast right now. Def a cold weather dinner. Just having on Monday instead, since had to have tacos yesterday after the match. ;)
Are the Chargers just too cheap and that’s why they didn’t sign a real kicker when Badgley got hurt (though I admit Long has done better than expected)
hi hana sweetie come here. do you wanna brush the baby baby’s hair. she hates when I do it
We have the BEST community! They stepped up with their classic cars to make our  dreams come true!! Happy 60th anniversary Clardy! #wildcatproud #ForTheFamily
Jason’s lock screen is the girl kissing him. But they were “just friends” right?
Yeah he does, there's a Netflix show about haunted attractions and he's one of the segments There may have been some fancy editing, but he comes off as a real D bag
Face of the GOP. This ok gop? Any of you got balls or do you all tuck and hide
Omg...that felt like a scene from Best in Show, A Mighty Wind, Mascots, what have you... Catherine O’Hara & Eugene Levy need to cameo on the next  cc
The bottom of that barrel is being well-and-truly scraped. Maybe there's even hope for Sean Spicer? xD
If you changed the daw code, would that increase your reimbursement?
This is the first major holiday without my mom. Even though I'm not major religious, and don't observe it as I should, Its kinda hitting me.
Celebrate #InternationalPodcastDay by understanding what makes a crime so you can protect yourself and those you love. Listen to The Secure Dad Podcast. https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/the-secure-dad-podcast/id1438284738?i=1000450174255 …
Nah. People who retweet the president don’t decide what’s good for children.
fight or flight the best herbo song of all time remix and original
Hi there, thanks for the tweet. Could you share more details about what's going on with your Google Home Mini? We'd like to have a look.
What does this even mean? Forgetting the ridiculous notion that Trump cares about anyone but himself, who’s trying to “get the American citizens”? How? And for what?
Pelley should have asked what word he thinks was added. And what was the significance to McCarthy of that one word.
I'm not even joking when I tell you that I met my partner on Growlr. Neither of us were looking for anything serious and just wanted to let off some steam in a sexy and fun kind of way. Two and a half years later we are talking marriage and the future.
have died if mike just told his friends the truth because maybe then they'd be better prepared. his actions were utterly stupid i want young mike back
Trust me, these gestures are not necessarily the norm. As you always say, "you've got to show up" and you did even if it's on 'wig' day; that's husband-of-the-year material. Congratulations you win!!!!
same, I wouldn't do the trade myself due to lack of variety However, I feel like that website is fan-made... better to trust yourself
I JUST WANT A PG THAT KNOWS HOW TO SCORE OFF A DANM BIG BODY WE CAN WORK OUT THE KINKS FROM THERE SMH ANY FA WE PLAY IN LGS WE HAVE EVERYTHING YOU NEED.
The way im about to win. That really aint nothing but God.
Thank you  for inviting Aziz to speak at the #KWLA19 opening session, and congratulations to the  organizers and other speakers on a wonderful event!
Hey San Diego Friends and Fam! We are filming the Family Groove Body Groove DVD on November 11th with a rehearsal on the 10th. The rehearsal...
Always felt like the Suns thought they could be competitive as a team before they were established as a club, in direct opposition to the imaginary zeal the Giants applied to establishing themselves.
Whooaa!!!  surprised us with this badass illustration! He even took it to the next level and went 3D with it (on FB)!!
Before 69 says anything, the first one is definitely my aunt
I am already subscribed to the Choza Bozza but thanks for the recommendation. Will definitely check them out
anyway if i catch anyone praising mike fucking hanlon i'm blocking! his behavior in it chapter two was unacceptable! stan probably wouldn't have died if mike spoke to him on the phone for longer instead of just saying "yeah i need you to come back" and eddie probably wouldn't
new pic for the back of my phone case (thanks  for posting :^) )
Oh good. PLEASE let the GOP proclaim that they are bound by this order. Perfect. Putin is showing his hand that he owns them all. If they weren’t owned they would be screaming to release his calls ASAP.
There's a limit to how many steps you'll be able to take today. Make sure they're all in the right direction. - Jeff Sheehan #quote
I love reading about ways people are trying to change the mindset of how people view lawns.
Praying for you. I too get angry at times and my mouth runs off. I bless you brother. The bible says we will be hated by the men of this world and it is suffering.. please pray for him everyone and pray for me and others who find this walk hard. Love you Bro.
Thanks to Carlos Pena from  for joining  to preview the #mlbplayoffs.https://es.pn/2nZDeOB
The Lucky Onez Red Logo Zippered T- Shirts And Dad Hats Are Now Available Online At http://www.theluckyonez.com Website: http://www.theluckyonez.com Instagram:  Email: theluckyones7777.com Tumblr:…
Great work once by again by   and . Such great talent on the  features team.
The Dunes Are Alive Along The Santa Monica Coast https://laist.com/2019/09/30/living-dunes-santa-monica-beach-climate-change-sea-level-rise.php …
Love is not just a word. It is not just an emotion. It is not a lie that you use to lure someone in and break their heart afterward. Love is eternal and frightening at the same time.
here you go, totally impartial internet person, defintely interested in seeking the truth. https://www.nationalreview.com/2018/02/nationalism-americans-right-trump-russia-meddle-election-2016-2018/ …
Very encouraging FT op ed warning investors in fossil fuels that they need to develop plans for dealing with the dramatic impact a Warren presidency could have on the dirty energy industry.
Hahaha no, in the real world where most of us live, the polls are rising by the minute in favor of your impeachment. But keep lying, Tubby. We all need a good laugh. Your presidency is over
Dont give a shit if ya a one eyed, purple, people eater..Standing for is standing for the principles and of the good ole Constitution. You either on board..or you missed the ...long, long time ago.
And the hits just keep on coming. And he thought the Mueller report exonerated him right? Huge mistake.
The FEC deadline for donating is 12AM and if you love Senator Elizabeth Warren for President (like I do) consider donating. Even if it is $3! Especially if it is $3. Does this count as a thirst tweet but for a potential future president to call me? It might!
Pretty Little Canadian Speakers with Incredible Sound. The ultimate tower speaker for a townhouse or condo #thesoundroomvancouver, #totemacoustic - https://mailchi.mp/cd910d52c660/how-do-you-downsize-your-hifi-without-compromising-sound-the-solution-is-simaudio-moon-ace-from-canada-1873013 …
Guess I missed the hearing since Congress is in recess until the middle of October. (S)he originally had no first hand knowledge but if (s)he changed his mind I'm not surprised. The only impeachable offense would be leveraged aid so Good Luck.
Like I said Democrats won't stop at Trump. They will look to impeach every Republican until they have all the power. Impeach is their new favorite word. If we opened the Democrats closets what do you think will fall out. I think we should start.
lol I was considering buchholz for the last two step until he pitched the week prior and exploded... guess he was bound to have one good one in there though. Vegas will be great next year
OH I haven't gotten her yet, I'm just happy to see her in the game finally LOL
His annual net spend there is 800K. Amazing outperformance to the resources spent
 outlines the benefits in shaking up logistic contract providers as part of his pitch - keeping contracting simple however allowing for multiple providers #DEFAus19
Playing my little gay playlist. One of the only playlists I dont have metal songs added to XD
It's what you do best: silencing people because they speak the truth and you're just in power. And then who's gonna be on the receiving end if you do so? The commuters and the people whose livelihood is in jeopardy. Mga gago. Check your freaking privileges! Wala kayong pake kasi
Well the one bit of good news is one of her twitter friends Bunny is going to take in the kitties on a permanent basis
Especially when the legal occupant of the apartment is unarmed!
In other words. He doesn't work hard in practice and he's the last guy we are throwing out there
just stole the washing machine out from a neighbour, now I have to time it perfectly to not run into him when I have to put it in the dryer
Sharp: The greatest problem is the lack of volunteers. The Grand Army has most clock folk in its grasp, and the entities in the rest of the world are abominations. So everyday we work to get more cogs to throw off their shackles for Freedom! Ink: What he said.
Why do I start getting nauseous or a headache right before the gym. Is that a sign lmao
If you dont know a fact, silence will be the best way.
I’ve got #Nationals winning the #NLWildCard on TBS.
Yeah I got to get in and set this up. Still playing Classic but I did enjoy my Destiny time. It was growing on me
Seriously, the support is always appreciated, thank you so much
Awesome! Congratulations Meeting people whose work you admire can be wonderful! Unless they are dicks then it kinda ruins the enjoyment of their work. Here’s hoping it went well for you!
Not weird your just nervous, happens to the best of us
I get the photographers wanting “their shot” but we’re other people around? Hellooo? Humanity? Be kind to your elders? Anyone remember that?
Used to be Seventh Day Adventist and so much pushing of the vegan agenda growing up. Didn't stop me from eating my steak though.
Rex, I can't get over how large a stick you can carry! PS - and effortlessly [or so it seems]. No matter how big the stick - You just go bopping along. Always with that jaunty spring in your step... You're an awesome representative of your species! Hats off, sir!
don’t let a Social media argument with me have you walking about with a smiley face on your face for the rest of your lifeee don’t let that go over your head
I’m thinking if this result occurs significantly more often than is seen in the 23andme population, it could suggest an important polygenic background for EDS/HSD.
HE DID A LIL PEACE SIGN TO THE FANS BEHIND HIM PLSSSS HES THE CUTEST
Yrs there’s expressing an honest opinion which is fine and then there’s things like shitting on the series because the fanbase is excited that it’s getting a game. Stuff like that is lame
The games I enjoy do not line up with everyone's tastes. I get it. I'm not forcing you to like or watch anything. But I will always be MrPaladin. My personality online is not a fake persona. I see a horrible habbit from those who only like TF2... It is not a funny meme
Lol I’m only teasing. I just don’t see Askern getting anything done in the UFC unless they give him a favourable match up.
Well I’m gonna wait for Hurricane Lorenzo to hit the UK..
It’s me. The person who isn’t used to solid ppl in relationships
if cutting down cost while simultaneously spending the extra that i save was a personality trait...
Come to the  state wide Pete-Up! Brian is right, there are some amazing surprises in store!
Please if you have the time share this or give it a look at let me know what you think id appreciate it!
shooting at the angels while claiming you're the good guy all you want is cash and hype fuck our dreams and that’s not right
the greatest, cinnamon girl e happiness is a butterfly
Being an adult and working in the adult world requires being able to listen to all sides of a controversy and making a decision based on facts, truth, and legitimate concerns.
Tomorrow is the first and I’m already mentally checked out and ready for vacation so tomorrow should be a fun day
 Thoughts about paying NCAA athletes for: (about stuff I don't deal with, but are a big deal to my kids and g-kids?  made a great point about the video game industry.)
Agreed, he knows McConnell will protect him in the Senate while Putin is likely to have poison smeared on his golf clubs.
— 100%ing binding of isaac. Took me years but my steam achievements for that god forsaken game is complete. Now i just cant wait for the DLC.
Made a huge accomplishment, like I was a better person because I’m no longer as dark as I used to be. Now they use positive adjectives to describe the way I look and no longer comment about my skin tone. I still have many cousins and family members darker than me but I’m no
my niece just got into the makeup/modeling game But what can I say? My family has good genes
Check out the amazing photo story our photographers put together from the #ClimateStrike. We also collected photos and videos from BHS students at the march: https://berkeleyhighjacket.com/features/photo-stories/climate-march/ …
Great Communities focus in MrWeb, sharing our growing global footprint and strength through the Join the Dots acquisition. We led the development of this approach in Australia, building depth of insight for many leading Australian companies over 9 years.…https://lnkd.in/fY7DCiy
So was i this musty on the 4th grade??? Like who tf is bathing y’all ?
#FunnyReasonsToGetFired I kept correcting coworkers like the 3 stooges.
i mean i don’t listen to it but the song is cool tf
Thank you Mr. President. We are honored being competed by the US. Wish America great again.
This seems like a degranged grandpa some how got onto the interwebs and wrote a stupid post lol
40 thousand years of human language, and you can not find a single letter describing the feeling inside you completely.
Fall is still a great time to buy and sell a home! Let me help you through the process! Call or text me at 740-400-1553 or email me at vanessa.white.com. #PumpkinSpice #realestateadvice #decidetorisewithme
If you aren't listening to podcasts at at least 1.2x the original speed you're just being inefficient lol.
In other words, I hope he was actually serious in the debate and held nothing back, even though he was playful with the opposition. I am worried that he did try to compromise his ideas though.
Also I would never have fallen for Rhea's trick of suggesting the Pierce job, those motives were transparent and Shiv should have understood her one job as heir is loyalty. Kendall gets that. Honestly I am Gerri, nevermind
I’ll make sure you get a fabulous funeral. Only the best for you.
I mean I think that’s part of the problem. If you’ve never worked in government how do you know who are the best people to hire? How do you distinguish between good & bad advice. There are lots of lovely, clever, good people who couldn’t run the country
At the Portland Grand Prix I was wearing the DWR Logo shirt, and encountered several people wearing Mill shirts. I acknowledged every one, including this guy. Everybody was great about it.
#gears5 I can care less about the micro transaction issue all I want is the damn game to be fixed I mean seriously there is way to much crap in this game that needs to be fixed beside the cost of things in the store. New stuff means nothing with a broken game.
Maybe if you do something like this again you should find a way to take the photo out of the sample... or use boring commons.
I mean, I'm from Kansas City. I don't think we've had a good promotion since uh... Bob Geigel sold the territory to JCP? And that was before I was born, lol
Thanks guys, but there are a lot of folks behind the scenes working just as hard as I am to make sure we bring you the best we can every week!
FUN FACT: The 99th and 98th gold medals we’re also won by Christians (Coleman and previously Taylor again at the end of the 2017 championships).
Yes the rumors are true a roommate did break two of Anthony Generosi controllers. Generosi future is unclear in room 219. He might request a trade or asked to be released.
Quiet here Galaxy. Hand still is in a cloth sling, painful at times, still swollen and bruised but getting stronger. Can close my fingers into a fist now but painful still. Will be awhile before I regain full strength in the hand.
To whomever has the VOO DOO Doll of us, Can you please remove the pins now.
So dope love the fox Santa can’t wait to see more of your art keep pushing
The best part about being a journalism student is when you need “expert” quotes for an assignment, but all the experts won’t interview with you because you’re just a student
'Civil War like fracture', he was speaking of a great divide being created among the American people that would be difficult to breach!
Why do people care so much about what make others happy? Who cares? The goal is so others understand and what you are conveying. Everyone e says stuff wrong, let her live.
so happy that  supports & loves  real fandoms coming together thats what separates real #EXOLs & the real #KPOP fans from the fake if u love ur groups u want their success & happiness above ur own thats love  will be legendaryhttps://youtu.be/-WuDdLQ5PBI
A very important thing. We have the gift of the Internet which some of it is good so we have the power to search and look for truth. I bet if you checked out the curriculum of your kids' schools you would be shocked what your own money and takes pay for. Shocking.
The cotton candy tattoo makes me giggles, and she's super sweet too
You can use the this green shirt guy whos on government assistance all you want but what I stated is still fact
 loves to sit down the way she does on her show when  gets done dancing. So I figured, Why not try, & do the same? & I think we can turn this into a challenge. But what should we call it?
Where’s the cutest pumpkin patch at ? I need a couples pic
 Connor, wish you were staying, saw the great catch and run against WMU, the 14-yd burst, the slant pass, the way you dragged defenders against NU on 4th down. Can't you finish the season? You were my favorite player? Sometimes you have to tune out the critics.
Many Americana don't even realize that there's a jail in Congress for housing "refusenics." And it's my greatest hope that Giuliani refuses to honor the House subpoena. That jail hasn't been used in decades!
YOU know, as well as so many of us in the good ol USA, that the cover up is being done by the democrats! Question: Do you think you all could have been implanted with some kind of chip that has so many of you acting like insane people that don't know what TRUTH is any longer?
I wish they could too. Do we know any potential dates UD could make a run at the NBA again?
Everyone please go follow  ! Look at these Chops - please send me the recipe when you get the chance
He fine i woulda been succing dicc after the initial touch
Says the woman who smashed cell phones with hammers and used bleach bit, lied about Benghazi and stole money from Haiti and so much more you corrupt human tornado ! Justice is coming for you!
I had to look it up. I remembered seeing it in the credits, but never in the show. But, I guess it did happen sometimes. Baby Puss is the Flintstones' pet saber-toothed cat, which is rarely seen in the actual series.
Like when they tell me about a security incident? Marketing? Why the need for this generalization?
I'd still use it. It deals good damage even if lower. On top it's unblockable, so it can help win the match. Don't mind if you don't reach the %. Just max the SP out to get at least the basic damage and then just swipe a few times. Even 15% can add some good extra boom.
This is just asking the Grammy’s to conisder it. Not officially nominated yet! Hopefully it will be!
Let’s hope the team still believes in him , because the Fans don’t .
duh, just realized you have to be posting this after the fact. anyway...CREEPER, and I'm sorry you have to deal with that, and I fully recommend having an "errand" or "something in the oven" or "24 hour malaria"...WHATEVER...next time. LOL
Squatober is upon us. My barbell, rack and plates will hopefully be here Sunday. Soccer season starts Nov 9 I'm about to kick a ball through the plexiglass week one to assert dominance
GIVEAWAY! Use the link to vote for One Life to Lead to play the Baltimore date of the Bayside tour on 11/12 at Ottobar http://baysidebayside.com/vote REPLY WITH A SCREENSHOT FOR PROOF + RT THIS TO BE ENTERED TO WIN THIS SIGNED SETLIST FROM TONIGHTS SHOW Voting & Giveaway ends 10/25
Please tell us   that these shirts will be released before the book. A girl has to read in style you know
aaahhh. Valid lesson and cheap too . Well as long as its the old Airforce1 and not the new one he wanted commissioned lol
Take the twists and turns in the road as opportunities to learn. #JMTeam
YO I SEE VISCAYA THERE. GOOD ON YOU FOR SUPPORTING THEM. They are one of the few local metalcore bands I love. They have a lot of potential for growth so I’m rooting hard for them.
How funny! that I can't even watch the video as I don't belong in one of your countries!
Gosh cuddling a really sleepy cutie is fun, surprisingly enough I'm not the sleepy cutie in this scenario.
#fix2k20 they should let the NBA players play against the WNBA players. You all decided to add the WNBA in the game, why can't we do this?
After all we went true with PET some 40 yrs ago .I can not believe . we have to suffer with one of his son sunnyJustin. OK ,pple did not know 2015 , but no excuse now 2019. The true Canadians should vote with their heads. Please vote. Canada is a democracy. We are the boss.
the main reason the extreme portrayal of "board-driven" bothers me is it can lead to really unconstructive and false takes against the show, like thinking different people are totally responsible for different eps or that there's no pre-board writing process
As long as the DNC doesn't try to disqualify him from running as a Democrat. If they do, run third party.
Sonic 06 is easier. I don’t have to call it SONIC THE HEDGEHOG.
It was not unusual for STEM high school students to take a pass on any fine arts & literature studies previous to 1990. Universities & Colleges didnt ask for Arts Credits. When the 90's came it was a tough sell to add the Arts to STEM students.
Yeh, be sure to ask about the  rule breaking...oh and maybe the  investigation... #charityfraudout
Life moves fast, stay strong & positive. Things will change, you must endure so that the world is a better place, we need you, even if it doesn’t feel like others know that. Peace
People complained about the cost of the Mueller investigation (a net profit to the U.S.), and, all this time, our taxes have paid for these charlatans to run around the globe, asking countries for help in debunking the Mueller investigation. What a fuster-cluck!
MouffinFact:Mouffin was the ancient king of the Greenland Islands. He desired so much wealth, legends say that he had to be carried by the camels of Sub Sahara Africa. Ultimately, greed was his downfall when the camels could no longer support him, leading him to only get one fact
Man I wish Bud didn’t resign with TR last year. Bob would’ve probably had him sitting on the shelf if he didn’t renew his contract with TR tho.
It feels like trying to make a sandcastle without water. These pieces! They are so similar! And so near! But they just miss each other. And then I remember all the reasons that's not an accident and have to take a deep breath and make a list of all the things I can do about them
I can't wait to read this! Great cover! It must feel like seeing your baby for the first time.
Check out WhatsApp, I use it to message and call the people I care about. Get it for free at https://whatsapp.com/dl/
Protip for : If you are going to cast a male horse in the role of Belle the pregnant mare, don't get a shot of him galloping away from the camera. Also, love your show.
I have grown to like Michael Cohen since he found his soul! Unlike many in the GOP, he had a soul that finally inspired him to find the goodness in him!
14 men took the long trip to Union County and came out with a big 41-6 win! #thefutureisnow
Well, the weather is cool. Perfect time a year to build a "Chicken Coop". Welcoming a few of our latest members to our family and their new home. Meet 'the girls' There's "Gretchen", "Red & Penny"" and "Laverne and...
Me and my family always play. I remember we use to play everyday lol we still play just for the holidays but we all have our own cards that’s we play with we nvr switch up lol mine is card 4 if anyoneee is wondering lol
i start on 11/1, waiting impatiently for this moment. congrats dude can’t wait to hear/see the changes!
This is the 4th time I had a package being delivered to me but they "apparently" came but no one was around. I'VE BEEN HOME ALL DAY! I was so excited too but now I gotta go pick it up tomorrow before work I hope.
#cbcnn FWIW PMJT's explanation of not understanding the impact blackface at 29, is to me plausible. As the story broke I was at brunch with a high school friend 2 years older. I had studied John Howard Griffith & other works of Southern US Lit ML hadn't
Last time I checked y’all played the Eli Giants........and then lost to the 2 glove teddy Saints so keep digging hoss
I’m going to see Ari Lennox and Teyana Taylor in the same week. God is so big
By the way, have a wonderful day, kid! Happy Tuesday!
If that was my gramma, I’d pound those little thugs into the ground like a tent peg.
take a class I took spanish in the legal personnel bc we dont speak legal jargon in spanish orrrr google
thanks for the many, many laughs, . here’s to your next chapter.
Do you agree with the statement "the best way to improve the lives of the poor in our society is to ensure that they are in work and fairly paid"? If so, what do you think is the best way to achieve that goal?
At what cost??? Your ideas are great but you can’t both gut the energy industry and make everything free.
I really did the most for a nigga even after he showed me his true colors 1000 times
Increases risk of investor Q’s re certain parts of the biz. Better to lump it all in and obfuscate
We are pleased to say #power supplies are restored at #Tamworth #B77 and the surrounding area. We are sorry for the disruption this morning. Kay
God got a plan for me, and I'm on the right path! Retweet if you chasing your dreams. #explore
The fact I still use tumblr regularly doesn’t help my self esteem
Are they his Parents? Or a Vikings Fan just trying to explain the outcome of the gameThis will happen once he stops doing the mombo!
Moving some #GISTcancer appointments around to fit the rest of my student teaching schedule. Looks like I will be back in Houston early December!
Yay or nay? It’s only been a decade with the old pic... #NewProfilePic
I just donated $5.00 to Committee to Defend the President. Help Today! …
#MillionMAGAMarch let's show our number and patriotism. We The People.
Excited for the return of #TheNeighborhood up next on CBS. So glad they renewed it
Update on our rescue dog Sammy, he's eating both wet and dry food, loves to sleep in his new bed and has finally given us the "i like you lick" Vaccines next week its just kind of hard because we dont know how old he is
You dont have to be in a situation to know about that. You still wearing them big girl panties and not able to work by then. Why you caring about being fat ? You cant even hit the gym
#Newmixtape |THE PRESCRIPTION| "Party Pack Edition" all new music http://bit.ly/2gJZZjC #Spinrilla
Hope you feel better soon! Can't wait to hear about your stories progress over the next few months.
Yep and Notre Dame for two years after Oregon then Washington for two years after ND including one year overlap playing Texas the same year, then Texas and Boston College the following year.
The swamp is starting to be drained starting at the top, thanks to the whistle blower
The easiest mistake to correct is spelling and grammar. Always read your work when you finish it! (You’d be surprised how many people don’t read their own stuff)
Not looking for treason, looking at. Election finance, obstruction of justice, falsifying tax records, the list goes on.
Listen, I don’t like Bernie Sanders as much as the next guy, but let the man cross the street...
I’ve got #Nationals winning the #NLWildCard on TBS.
It was my first time dancing with the chair, I think you did great!
seeing people complain non stop abt st is tiring y’all love the show nonetheless so
Be glad you get a phone signal my good man. Can't say the same for my #samsunggalaxy10plus
You are a super athlete, a super sister, a wonderful person and you deserve all the good things that will happen to you. I admire you and you are my inspiration that you hug from Spain
After seeing LUCY IN THE SKY a second time... I have thoughts, which make me glad I didn't write my review during TIFF.
Actually they will take on a vote first, to decide wheather to hold a trial. To boldly state he will, is to reveal his alligence to the same cult as Romney, McCain.....
i just like hand holding let me wash the potato chip crumbs off i was being a bum before this
“At AG Barr’s request, the President has contacted other countries to ask them to introduce the Attorney General and Mr. Durham to appropriate officials,” Kupec said. "Trump sought Australia's help on Russia probe origins" Michael Balsamo, Colleen Long.
Warriors All-Star swingman Klay Thompson is "doing fine" as he recovers from a torn left ACL, general manager Bob Myers said Monday, adding that the team will have another update on his progress around the All-Star break. https://ift.tt/2n2b0md
The answer is nuanced- Risk needs to be embraced via failure, so individual failures are ok But some basket of features needs to deliver value over some agreed-to time-frame And regardless of outcome, periodic evaluations of decision-making processes help us improve
the level of feeling of self that I reach right after I do my skincare routine
With the Mishawaka-St. Joe game this week, seems like a good time to revisit this discovery we made last year.
Admire your taking up for the team...but Chris Wallace has got to go.
ive got mine on as an anklet since i made it the first time in june but its still holding up very well and its very clean!
True life: I've never smelled perfume on a wh*te person but to be fair, the ones who do bathe tend to have clothes that smell like gain fabric softener and that's the one nice thing I can say
Canes Nation 2 of the top 5 return men in UM history are going Into the Sports Hall of Fame in the same year
I followed Russel Brand around the time Revolution first came out, I think his brand of socialism eventually merged with his style of comedy and became all about the shock factor. So, I don't have much faith in him anymore. Corbyn, on the other hand, is a good leader.
But 9 to the third power is 729. Please get your facts straight.
The quickest way to lose a friend is to talk about: 1) politics, 2) religion, & 3) race!
Def. True My friend has a boy and a girl and they wouldn't do it because she's 24. There may not be black and white regulations but doctors could be refusing due to their own idea of morals and ethics. And they're are so many kids in the system that could be adopted. Adopt a kid
Hi yes, universe what must I do for you to leave the people I love alone? And also me please.
Some people can't wait for the opportunity to use things against you. Be careful whom your share your weaknesses with. #ALDUBxADNRespectOurElders
See I lowkey was leaning towards yes until the camera panned, I’ll catch up to y’all boys in heaven
Either that or Renley is accompanying Count Dracula home to the safety of the castle.
ON BABY THIS THE BEST SHIT I EVER SEENN NAKELEKWJJQOO oxoiaaywn
This is funny because there actually is a significant portion of the white supremacist community who think Trump isn’t racist enough. It’s wild
Starting an offline dynasty on NCAA Football 2014. Help me decide the team. 10 minute poll.
Well comparatively speaking my day wasn’t as bad as the guy that drove that cart and left it in gear so there is that. #winning
I want to know who the 2% of white supremists want impeachment.
Estes pensamentos noturnos que não me deixam dormir.... why do I keep getting emotionally envolved.... can’t I just enjoy the prazeres carnais like everyone else e cagar in all that sentimental crap?!
The Nazi, Alt-Right publication? LOL! Hey Trump- will you and your family be relocating to Russia or Saudi Arabia when this is over?
Although the analytics point to a new-look Blazers team finishing at or below .500, star guard Damian Lillard has much higher expectations. "We're coming in, our focus is to win a championship. I think our mentality has to shift to that," he said. https://ift.tt/2mpkpnl
No ownership of property part of communist manifesto. Hidden behind "save the planet "
I eat the red and brown ones first. The blue and yellow- Pitt colors are my favorite. Eat the orange and green before them
Thank you again to everyone that stayed up super late to come to my  !! A very special thanks to the legend of all legends  and his incredible team for having me out, it was an absolute dream
Replying to tweets got me one (1) friend so I’m convinced that’s how the world works now
I found the smallest pear ever!!!!!!! It is so cute!!!
yall im CRYING,, spellbound is my all time favorite tvxq era and now i own the whole album
If you don’t retract this statement I don’t know if we can be friends anymore.... hannah I eat pickles by the jarrrrrr
Advocacy groups like    exist only to make money for their own gain. Like greedy politicians, they lie about being for the people. Please be careful about supporting these fake advocacy groups. #cdnpoli #elxn43 #Elections2019 #Canada
text replacement, my good dude! (the “&” before the words is to ensure that I don’t accidentally have my words autocorrect to emoticons)
Gotta call a plumber in the morning. My water heater has started leaking for some reason. I've checked the pressure valve and drainage valve and they seem to be alright. Could be something internal. I hope I don't have to replace this thing. Those aren't cheap.
Y'all be thinkin somebody dumb or some shit, nah idgaf.. never have gave a fuck, and never will give a fuck. Figure it the fuck out for yourself.
I do agree with you that there were interferences that impacted Hillary. I was a volunteer for her and worked hard. But I also know her messaging wasn’t great and the strategy in the rust belt wasn’t good.
It seems like First Nations people must be well aware of the previous occupants of territories/nations. The people of the First Nations already know this. Aren't land acknowledgments for the benefit of the settlers whose ancestors lied and stole?
 is going to be the first incumbent in history with a roaring economy and underdog status. And the Democrats will help him.
America deserves exactly what it’s getting. Things may appear to be alright with jobs and a wall, but as long as we’re conforming to the culture it won’t get better for the family, it will only get worse. Perhaps it’s time to seek communities that are built by likeminded people.
The greater Houston community mourns #SandeepDhaliwal, a hero that committed his life to the service of others. May we draw inspiration from his commitment and strive to make the world a better place for all people.
So thankful they’re bringing back the spice everywhere lately
Yes sir!!!!!!!!! From YT to VGHS to the big screen! Well done Jimmy!
Seans reply to this comes across completely disingenuous. I love his show and it's introduced me to a lot of great people that I never knew about, but the "PR speak" that's emanating from that statement really just turns me off.
The Borrowers up your bum. Rogue one up your bum. The Force Awakens up your bum. Some like it hot up your bum. This shouldn't be as funny as it is. #ruinafilmbyaddingupyourbum
I love the fact that I have tiny feet bc my shoes be cheaper than ya big footed asses but sometimes it sucks when I see cute shoes and i can’t fit in em bc they don’t have my size
Guess who is such a fun buddy up activity! These students laughed so hard when they realized the person on their forehead! Love Social Emotional Learning!    #irvingisd #SocialEmotionalLearning #sanfordharmony #johnhaleyelementary
BIDEN SAID I’m leaving in six hours. If the prosecutor is not fired, you’re not getting the money... Well, son of a b-tch. (Laughter.) He got fired. And they put in place someone who was solid at the time. http://thefederalist.com/2019/09/24/watch-joe-biden-brag-about-bribing-ukraine-to-fire-the-prosecutor-investigating-his-sons-company/ … ///
It's almost here! The JPNA Fall Fling is fast approaching. Buy your tickets in advance and save! Visit http://www.jeffriespoint.org for more information and to buy tickets! #JPNA #JeffriesPoint #Eastie #EastBoston #JPNAFallFling2019
Ben is a great chef but everything is a major drama - every meal. Hannah you are so professional and to the point - love your style and your ability to manage and inspire staff both on your team and beyond!
"Jack, Great grandmother, Granny dearest. Give me @'s I will ora ora the fuck out of them."
Top Story: The Ironic White Pride Activist Who Is Being Swallowed By A Giant Snake
I’d love to see the end of it here too, never seen the point of it in Australia, just means I get up in the dark for work all year
NOO?? just read the small synopsis and I'm down we just watched "They Live" the other day which was protag with no real motive just going around being crazy lmao
Sending off the mixes for Control! Can't wait to hear the finished masters <3
Not yet, but I seriously LIVE for the day I hear this from certain estranged family members and former friends.
YOOOO JUST FOUND OUT I PAID OCTOBERS RENT WHEN I WAS BLACKED OUT IM RICH (and it’s all going to the government but) YOOOO
 vithalrao. Social Justice Awaited in PMC bank case.Depositers on the verge of suicide...
Tax increase in jpn Makes sense for the tourist influx coming into the olympic year but residents there really do not like to spend? Would that not worsen the economic situation? Idk i dont study economics, ive only just recently started reading into the effects of it.
That’s not the argument. The MVP award is about who’s more integral to HIS team’s winning.
#MenOfMystery September 21, 2019 at The Grand Long Beach.
KT Mclean is this what I looked like trying to get the sparrow's head out of the bird feeder?
Okay. Good to know some people are loyal till the ship sinks. We'll revisit this again Saturday night
Are you suggesting that the minority party chairs have the power to issue subpoenas? If so the Senate minority are going to be quite pleased.
simm e o album seria um resposta direta ao the fame e a tudo q aconteceu de la pra ca
Amazing McConnell for the first time ever shows he might understand a teensy bit of the law He swore to protect & defend Better late than never
lowkey wanna plan a meetup at a pumpkin patch to get cute photos of people but like, will i edit them quick enough before the season disappears tho
$adia $coop $unrg $txhd $ncap $sdrc $rvbr $bmgp $zmrk $VYST reminder of some of the upcoming catylists to look forward to with the super 8k coming any day. not your typical otc stock With the merger this company now has a 30 mill annual rev company behind it Looking to go nasdaq
but i, i will rule the information silo to good ends and good ends only
U r like the whitest person on the internet, you are almost opaque!!!
honestly every time i watch this video my love for him just gets bigger he is the softest and cutest human being ever i-
I hate the COBOL tax. Everyone I meet is talking about how unviable it has become to develop the nextest greatest cat fish app.
 Got some Nerve! He doesn't like it when the truth is coming out! Well PRESIDENTTRUMP,has to deal w/lies being reported EVERY DAMN DAY! (Which truly tickles me off) President Trump,deserves SO Appreciation &amp; THE UTMOST Respect. #Trump2020
Oh, definitely. This is the same 911 we had the engine out to do a bunch of performance stuff to about two months ago. It has about 800 horsepower.
Would love too but I live on the other side of the pond
We're proud to have fought alongside California childcare workers for years to make this victory happen. The CA labor movement is organizing at our workplaces, in our communities, at the ballot box, and beyond When we fight, we win! #AB378 #UnionsForAll
When I see videos like this, I'm tempted to go back to the Yoruba boys,
Hey #UK #FaithHeads .. tune in to  92.2FM off the Isle of Kent! Thank  for playing  by tuning in & them to #turnitup loud! Support those that support us! #FaithHeadNation https://sheppeyfm.org.uk/
i hope justin and hailey have the best day of their lives and i wish them the best and happiest future together my two babies i can’t believe it #BieberWedding
Serious, it hv one on the driver side and 2 in the trunk. On god!
Our Enterprise Family, raised 1,911.45 for The Terry Fox Foundation! Thanks to all of our families for your generation donations!
The mural panel in my backyard is finally starting to look worthwhile!
I scrolled through all of them and for some reason this is my favorite. Can't explain it. Keep up the good work!
Bless your heart I can't wait until you hit the twilight of your career at the tender age of Ricky Morton.
She got her ass handed to her by the Bishop and others. That’s the ONLY reason she is trying to course correct. She sure was bold AF with all those tweets. Keep the same energy, Abs! I’d like her to keep thag same energy with a Black person to their face...
Brock/Seth/Alexa vs Sasha sounds like quite the handicap match.
Ready for the #RAW Season Premiere! Looking forward to seeing the production changes
post four of your favorite characters and see which one your followers think you're the most like: i mean it’s obvious but do it anyway
So is CM Punk coming back so he can pay for Colt Cabana’s legal bills? Was that the settlement agreement? Cuz if not, then fuck thay guy.
this barr man and other people have tryed to derail the whole investigation in my own opinion and they have try to muddy up the water to fool you so much the catfish are jumping on the banks now i hope you help our country vote for democrats and help save usa. show thread
Most cutest Cheetah but I'm too excited about having my orange room! (sorry for the emojis) lmao can't wait.
The United States Began Protecting Whistleblowers in 1777 https://www.history.com/news/whistleblowers-law-founding-fathers …
   is saurfang actually the orc on the cover of WC3? I always thought it was thrall, but it's definitely saurfang right?
Well, I can tell you the hourly wage of an insurance clerk cos I used to be one. I am not a millionaire.
You know what’s funny I just finish a video from caylus and he just tweeted right after I finished the video
Lmao my “resumé as a human being” has much to be desired, I believe but if the idea that I got my shit together sells, I’m good
a lot of people like you and some other that i met throw anime twitter brought me to the light and i look back on how i used to act and want to punch myself.. all.the.time
He was pride for an Indo-American community. The first turbaned deputy in US to represent community with integrity, respect and pride.
That wouldn't be the ride I would put forward as a pearler, lol. All horse. Nearly jizzed it, just a tough colt. We are going to disagree on this champ
Like welfare, the temporary help that never ended. We know have ppl whose career is welfare-really just from learning from their elders. Shame
I'm wondering the same thing. Have heard this many times but would like to be able to point to one or two sources to put this to bed.
Really? I hope you or yoh family members don't need a hospital because hallway medicine is at all time high. The cost of that are through the roof. And the cost of beer in corner stores will cost us how much for breaking contracts?
Oh I have gotten out before pushed the cart right behind their car and they looked in shock Like if you don’t respect my property I don’t respect yours
ATTENTION AFTER FANS AND GENERAL AMAZING PEOPLE OF THE PUBLIC: Follow Raq’s ( ) back up!  Her main account got locked because Twitter is s t u p i d!
nice :) am sirup an edgy youngster who fell into the rabbit hole of what is brola and yaniv
My dad recently passed. trying to post everyday about the It Works products, but just been busy with phone calls as I am the first kin cause i was his daughter. Been hard trying to stay strong. Will post about products and if your interested in becoming a customer DM please.
Over 50% of the country support the impeachment inquiry
to all the young voters who will vote in 2020 elections i hope you can see how this man call a usa president is doing you young people you can help our country make it thru what has been done in the past 3 years we must not let this president have 4 more years.
Took those numbers to see how much each candidate rose or fell. Here are the results from most gained to most lost...
It's October and as I promised last month, there's more happening! Check out our events page for the top hits: https://fmhspds.blogs.auckland.ac.nz/events/
I think it’s officially official now that the  changed their cover photo!!! So excited to see everyone tonight at 8pm on the Oklahoma Stage!! Trust me, you don’t want to miss this!! Who’s coming to see me?!? ~ Em
I don't know who needs this like I do tonight, but amplifying all the same
A beautiful summer like evening as the sun sets on the month of September in Joliet. #ilwx
After reading  accounts of  it’s interesting to watch how she’s used to smooth propaganda over as in Greg’s report. Will never see Ellen the same way again.
In a pretty #onbrand move, I’m super excited to be showing Michael Mann’s spooky, otherworldly fantasy horror film THE KEEP (‘83) at ’s first Taps & Tapes show of the Halloween Season. Saturday. 9:30. Unleash the demon on Nazi scum:
Please donate to a worthy cause. Us Redskins fans can't take it anymore. Help Me Get Dan Synder To Sell The Redskins. Click to Donate: https://www.gofundme.com/f/help-me-get-dan-synder-to-sell-the-redskins?rcid=r01-15698877296-e125a65f9dba40f5&pc=tw_co_campmgmt_w … via
Guys this is a virtually fee free way to trade mainstream assets. It is invite only at this time so use this link to keep your fees that the exchanges take from you! http://lvl.co/H9PLIf5X
Apparently standing up straight and not slouching helps, just what the wife said. The advice her friend was told her GP (her posture).
*Everyone joking at dinner about if they would get into heaven* Val: Heavens not real, where is it to the left of Saturn???? My mother is a savage and I love her
 #CoinCompany #Crypto #BTC #ETH #Investment CoinCompany is the best and reliable promising projects for your investments! Come in and enjoy massive income with experienced team
all the good ones i probably pushed away. if you’re reading this come back lmao.
Please join us for the September 30th, 2019 Senate Meeting beginning at 7:00 PM https://www.pscp.tv/w/cGKOUzFETEtCQUdvbm1EUUp8MUJSSmpxTUVaYmpHd9Oj__eaFBfoln4ZEuPQBEMqec2HrfE2fHqfNCSzBbw- …
They sure are, lots of places have closed. Let the liberals starve if they keep voting for Democrats. It is not limited to restaurants either.
Have you done any of these stereotypical teen things? - Absolutely! - Constantly, for survival - Duh - Yes - Technically... - Yup - Probably? - Naw - No - Of course Reply with an emoji and I’ll send you the questions!
So I decided to see what the actual numbers on that observation was. I took all the RealClearPolitics averages for the top 13 candidates from January 1st to today. Those that weren't polling January 1st I took their first polling value.
This is good news btw for all the fudsters tapping away at their keyboards right now
But of all the thing to criticise. A FUCKING SHIRT?!. Like what?
Today’s conservatives are not the same as yesterday’s conservatives. Not remotely close. I used to vote for the good ones.
You cant see the shovel in ezra and menzies hand, dirt under their nails? They're digging their hole.
Hope everything gets better soon. Just make sure to take care of yourself along the way.
Really great analysis for the seasoned fan as well as the "just tuning in" folk from the redoubtable . #STAYINTHEFIGHT #Nats
not only your voices are good but the song too!! i checked the original and i love it as much as your cover
Don’t wish bad on anyone but they sure make it hard to see the good white cops
His game is perfect George...... the problem is it’s only for 45 mins at present !!
Mandatory Ten Commandment memorization- and daily prayers or the Black Helicopters cometh
Lol @'Supporting the working class is so 2016--you're stuck in your ways, old man!' Big yikes.
Lol. I had the funniest Match profile ever. Women would say” I dont want to go out with you....but can you meet me and my friends for a drink because you r so funny”.
Actually 2021will be perfect, that way Tyris will still be part of the team!!! Congrats to the coaching staff and all the players for the win!!!
When we see beyond pain & find ourselves in others we learn to love at the deepest level.
 I attended the Las Vegas conference at JW Marriott from 9/16-9/19, how do I obtain a copy of the CEUs? Thanks
Without deviation from the norm, progress is not possible. —Frank Zappa via  #dailyqotdapp
That’s super dope. I visited their facility and watched a little of their practice their culture is so blue collar. Dudes ain’t tryna be super swagged out or have all the antics. Now it makes sense.
Remember Germany is getting bombarded with illegals , so chances are the pages belong to Germany's Antifa dolts .
Honestly for the most part yeah. Mine was kinda like that we were kinda sick of each other though
Excited for Monday Night RAW for the first time in a long time!
 Thanks for the opportunity.    16eqc6XyAwq6Lkuwsj9JLHyYwuhTemV3Nt
I never said it was OK either way you’re the one Who loves Billy Clinton and remember he was president when he was doing that!And of course we can’t forget that he went 27 times a on the plane with his good friend Epstein to a private island with underage children!
Google images of 'Asian couples' and you'll see Asian couples. Google images of 'black couples' and you'll see black couples. Google images of 'white couples' and you'll see... beautiful diversity. Google is ahead of the curve on this. They should be applauded.
I went into World Market for the first time every today and it was very underwhelming. still on the hunt for good living room pillows.
I had a run-in with one of them on his thread when he announced. I was essentially told 'but, but, but Hillary's supporters did the same thing to me!' Always an excuse.
i hope we get to see jungkook's bday in the bts vacation vlogs
mind y’all my boyfriend was playing 2k in the background the whole time
Yeah. They're proper stalker creepy. Imagine how creepy they'll become when the grow up. Oh and by the way. I am Janey Godley.
Amazing feature from  on  We can't wait to watch the rest of his  journey!
So I tend to follow polling numbers pretty closely. The one thing that has stood out to me is that Warren has been slowly improving while everyone else has stayed basically the same even though people act like huge other changes have been happening.
>Blood on the menu for supper, of course. Preferably a fresh vein to tap~” Now his smile turned cheeky. Sure, he was still being a bit of an ass, but his advice was still genuine.
This discussion came up last year. If Chase was a better QB, he would be the starter. Hes not. Mitch is the #1 QB.
Communism > Equal Sharing Socialism > Fair Sharing Capitalism > Greediness Clearly a characteristic of the culture is implied in the capitalist ideology.
What? When? Ok, so this happened how long ago & no body there cared. But now since the Whistle Blower blew in, everybody is being sanctioned, penalized, investigated and threatened...tsk, tsk, tsk...what is this world coming to?
this is not a drill It is a blink and you’ll miss it opportunity though! You only have a few hours left to get this baby for FREE! Want the deets? “Me” below!
Some free advice: if Democrats want to defeat Trump and win the House and Senate, a "pro Antifa" platform ain't the way to do it.
it still amuses me that seungwoo and seungyoun were rappers in their first groups and now theyre the main vocals in their new group lmfao
For his b-day present, I'm bringing my brother-in-law, "Michigan St." Kevin, to the show tonight. He is the biggest Carbon Leaf fan I've ever met. You're the only band that he's EVER talked about. If you have time to give him a shout from the stage, it would make his year!
Any chance you'd consider going #vegan to help our environment? A #plantbased diet will help your health and the animals, too! Time to walk the talk, like #GretaThunberg! Let me know if I can help you! Happy to send you a copy of my book! #GoVegan! http://amazon.com/Vegan-Way-Healthier-Plant-Based-Lifestyle/dp/1250087716/ …
The smallest of victories. Finally got around to making something in Procreate. A still life after work. Objects on the  desk in our shared office, notably a  spaceship rider, in front of Rocketeer poster. With time, to integrate into reportage work.
Cant stand to read the negativity please be positive ppl
Excited to announce that Kyle MacKinnon  , Assistant Baseball Coach  will be joining me this summer as part of my  staff #NWL. The Caledon, ON native will serve as hitting coach/3B coach #smartbsbguy #grinder #CDNinUS
Yep. And if you don't abide by the HOA rules, they can take you to court. It's supposedly to keep home values up and to make the homes feel similar and like a community. It also keeps out people who can't afford it and can be a means to harass people that the "community" hates
Juggernaut Funko Pop from the popular free to play game - DOTA 2. Have you gotten it? https://amzn.to/2oGWxMM Retweet if you play #DOTA2!
Then there is hope for you. Libraries are fascinating and helpful places to start. Best of all, in the US, they are free to use. Pick a subject, any subject no matter how odd and just start reading till you find yourself spouting facts you have learned at odd moments to strangers
Oh yeah, she hasn’t gone unnoticed. The timing of her sudden long list of appearances was predictable.
Damn I didn’t expect this to blow up like this thanks for the likes I don’t have anything to promote other than my boy’s business  he prints on shirts, hobbies, flip flops, anything you can think of he’ll print on it HIT HIM UP!!!!
The difference being that Patty Duke played two identical twin cousins and Hilary Clinton just occupies the same amount of physical space as two identical twin cousins.
#PeteButtigieg is doing well with elected officials close to the ground! Not surprising #nhpolitics
Nobody better bring their babies to the movie theater to see ‘Joker’ this weekend, if you want to bring your baby to see it you gotta wait 2 weeks. I’ve been waiting to see this movie & I don’t want my focus shifted & entertainment ruined due to your crying infant
I’m the type that will talk myself out of going to the gym cuz my makeup too nice
And that's why I don't typically open up to people. Start trusting them and get comfortable and they snap like the fucking exorcist.. . I did nothing wrong. I still have no idea what just took place
Forget Hathaway's aggressive play. Forget Vrana's goals. Forget Stephenson's hard work. This is BY FAR the best thing to come out of the #Caps game yesterday!! Hope you guys had an absolute blast.
Bro yal need to at least watch Top Boy Summer House FIRST before watching Top Boy. Because what’s the point if you don’t!!
Don't underestimate the hard on vote. Very eager and energized
Even if true. Ask for to help AG to do investigation. If they have knowledge ability. All in the name of justice.
Good. These are the political interests he was elected to advance.
The best part of this pending impeachment is that it is being spearheaded by a woman. #ImpeachmentIsComing
So you’re telling me that a team that makes the final 8. Knocks off the #1 team in the country, Wins a conference playoff championship, regular season championship and Only graduates 2 seniors isn’t a top 20 teams? Well to fall asleep.. yikes
I didn’t know you are a comedian too! That’s the funniest thing I ever heard!
Same here. Plus it’s just been abnormally warm, but I think that’s everywhere in the mid south.
Can we add in the cancellation of Kavanaugh? I might be more amenable then to this solution
Y'all are a bunch of dumbasses, none of the chipmunks got the best head It was actually Professor Membrane for sucking on that cornbread
Hello October!! Down to a few more days and the most awaited dream partnership is set to happen... I C O N I C Oct 18 & 19 ARANETA COLISEUM You cannot miss this! Get your tickets now!
nobody is pointing out how good the side buttons on the iphone 11 feels. shit is so much better than the X
 Sharing makes you bigger than you are. The more you pour out, the more life will be able to pour in.
The truth about #politics: We're flawed beings. There are no clean hands. If you think there are you're more than naïve. Every time you vote you are compromising yourself to vote for someone who has compromised themselves on the way up. #ReadMachiavelli Then #VoteBlueNoMatterWho
I have few pictures of myself but they are always in my room and that’s the only place I feel pretty :/
A fresh approach to work! Join the Panera team and apply for our latest opening: Assistant Manager - Restaurant - Panera Bread in #Waltham, MA http://bit.ly/2o2Xkri #Management
But I still have the link to codes though DM if you want it lol
#SeyiForcePlease my people let's keep voting, anyone's that is thinking shifting the voting bcos is till Friday, pls biggie can change the game, lets vote now. Seyiforce.
When I was a professor, I used to chuckle at portrayals of campus in film and television. Now I chuckle because it's so apparent that Hollywood portrays academe more accurately than academics portray the working class.
We are TWO WEEKS AWAY from the conference!! We would like to thank the Canadian Institute of Planners for being our Gold Sponsor and congratulate them on 100 years of leading the planning conversation in Canada! Get your ticket for the conference here: https://www.eventbrite.ca/e/place-19-national-conference-tickets-67123085957?aff=ebdssbdestsearch&fbclid=IwAR3unvUKtZxEldslwvurXWeRH9Xh79hUP8hywGWg04mk3HiDXlLBcMpNllE …
Trump and Barr urged foreign leaders to help them investigate the Mueller probe - Vox https://www.vox.com/2019/9/30/20892260/barr-australia-durham-trump-investigation?fbclid=IwAR22CNPnNMTCrwFeuzKgpN7st84B__Mbfcw9WOUhDIBwuxeM4tY_kYk7iZs …
You understand LeBron instills the to win or go home in these niggas brains. He had that talk w him, he gon do something
OMG why are you so lovely? Just jealous the girl next to you
For #VGMonday I would like to submit Song of the Ancients ~Devola from the NieR OST. Hands down one of my favorite tracks of ALL TIME. Everyone should the play the video game https://youtu.be/qCKEXPXtrEU
 why the Lost Okoroshi is in itself a brilliant film!
Ready for the Flight back home. Very tired and sad to see everyone going home. I hope everyone has a great trips home and I hope I will be able to see all of your beautiful faces next year.
Just a sample of the magnificent people I grew up with. Wayne Memorial High School Class of 1979!!!!!
Sure, #GeneralBoneSpurs you’ll be on the front lines of this civil war you are claiming! Haha!
yes im rewatching my favorite anime for the third time instead of watching any on my list
‘Same but different’ how basic Mate we all post selfies for the same reason: we love attention So stop trying to snaz it up and just caption it “look at my ass”
Laldkfntrneisjwhshheejdneh THE TRUTH HAS COME TO LIGHT
Well yeah but I didn’t buy more Vc after 81. I got VC with the game and bought I think $20 more and played my career, Rec, and park games for the rest.
Dream on! It would have been possible if the ANC hadn't been ruling this country for the last twenty years.
He looked away at the snow fixing his scraf and giggling as a snowflake landed on his nose (Openrp)
This system is not designed for us, just wealthy rich pricks that are born into the system smh
At least wait till they had the full story. That would help.
I won the Well we're not here to sell cookies! achievement in Gears POP! for 27 points on #TrueAchievementshttps://www.trueachievements.com/gamer/K3v81
That's the best! I tell my employees they can't have the time off unless they bring me back Goofy stuff when they go to Disneyland.
I won the We Need the Old Plan achievement in Gears 5 for 17 points on #TrueAchievementshttps://www.trueachievements.com/gamer/Joshua+Petrikov …
Anyone else having a hard time having fun playing BO4 knowing Modern Warfare is right around the corner?
The Governor speaks after signing the state budget but not until cutting nearly a billion dollars worth of line item vetoes. Is the ruler a signal to teachers? Is it actually used to make straight lines on those vetoes?
I’m tipsy on a Monday& can’t help but think about how I have a job I love, the man of my dreams and two amazing dogs. How could life get better
This is actually the funniest thing he’s ever tweeted
May this month be filled with peace and love. Thank you, Abba for the blessings. Happy 1st of October!
Is that all yoy can say 'Let ' s get BREXIT done'. As well as studying Churchill (you wrote a very good book) you've clearly also studied Goebbels and the power of repeating the same message in the simplest of terms.
can you come up with something else? yes she was extremely tan in the s2s performance…but she’s never been that tan after that
i swear the people you didn’t actually grow up around be more supportive then people you went to school with
Oh my! What a wonderful and thoughtful young lady. The way she looks at and speaks of Emily while sitting with her is the kind of friend we all would be so blessed to have. I hope their friendship will last them through all their years.
Depends if the food is fresh and still hot or if you have to reheat. If it’s fresh cool if I have to reheat, real plate me please
Just look at the network he's on... that pretty much says it all!
A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out. We feel very blessed to be your best friends in this country, thankizz Prakaiwan S., prakaimine and Thanchanok Rattanaporn…
Aquele cansaço da semana. Vontade de fazer as tarefas. That tiredness of the week. Wish to do the tasks.
Since I’m trying to type the name you gave me & all I can type is numbers lol
laurel I just want you to know that I’m so happy for you you deserve all the happiness in the world!
I'm not disagreeing but it seems like there's gotta be something that we just don't know. I refuse to believe they don't want the guys on the field that they feel give them the best chance of success
HECK YESSS BRENDON, GET IT!!!! I'm gonna stay throughout alllllllll of the end credits
Trump's lapdog responses: This was a legitimate investigation to ensure the FBI was doing their jobs.......I honestly don't know how anyone at the  work for Barr after this.
Who do you want as our next President? You might be helping trump to get another term. Ironically,  ideas for the future resemble everything the  has been putting out.
Join the #TravelNM community on #Instagram at http://www.instagram.com/travelnewmexico & share your #NM adventures!
Facts. Good thing the rest of the AFC North has started out slow.
the diet version actually tastes better than the regular I was shocked to learn because I actually liked Dr Pepper
Like any person who is desperately in love, Trump’s supporters will stop loving him only when they catch him cheating on them. This is the moment when their love dies. In short he has Betrayed Us and Our Country, He Abused Our Love, and He Risked our Nation’s Security.
Powerpoint supports CAD models?!?!? What's the deployment springloading like? torsion springs?
"The Brexit Party" once again engages in identity politics.
I am so glad to hear that  has joined the White Supremacist movement with her "towelhead" comments. Now we can attack her with impunity. #CancelLilySingh
IF YOU SEE THE POST OF AJ+ CAREFULLY, THEY WANT TO USE WHITE AGAINST BLACK AND BLACK AGAINST WHITE LET ME SHOW YOU THEIR PREVIOUS POST PATTERN:
 walking your dogs I think would count as regular movement. It’s good to be active. Helps when the days get thick and one mind gets overwhelmed. A great episode.
Proud of our GMS student athletes competing in the Goshen Invitational
Want free hemp gear? Take a break from the noise and do something to get you free stuff made from the coolest thing missing from your life - hemp! It's simple, become an ehemp insider, spread the love, and get rewarded. https://vrlps.co/uC6Y5sA/tw via
Congrats to the freshmen football team on their win against Santa Fe tonight! City Champs!!!!!
Khalid has been radiating big gay energy over the last few months now. It's 2019 fam, how long until you come out?
I always think of my in-laws location is good mixed-used. High and medium density residential Green spaces School Church Industry High freq bus route Even parking. All within 200m raidus of the Konzum (mini) supermarket.
well it’s a feeder for the better grammar schools, which feed the better prep schools, which &c.
so,, my prof said the book's author is gay,,, and these two dudes r definitely flirting at this party,,,, in conclusion y'all better hook by the end of the book
I’ve got #Nationals winning the #NLWildCard on TBS.
living on the north shore is cool until there’s a steelers home game and then suddenly laws don’t exist anymore
This is the season to analyze your year, let go of things you’ve been holding onto that’s done you no good & to begin preparing for new things to manifest in your life so you don’t keep repeating the same cycles
Well, the law was written in 1998, so they've been planning this for a *really* long time.
Agreed. I want the inside scoop on these Beyoncé churches too. For simple comparison purposes
Bruh me starting my period at the mall yesterday without having a pad or tampon in thank god for black pants
no jonke i have poured a lot of brainpower into coming up with my own deliveries of all the zondas' lines i wish i had vocal chordz
Relationships are harder now because conversations become texting, arguments become phone calls, and feelings become status updates. (A Little World - Relaxing the Mind)
AMERICA LOVES AND STANDS FIRM WITH PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP ...DRAIN THE SWAP.....
Featured New Vehicle of the Week: 2020 Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo 4X4. Link: http://bit.ly/2oLnVJF
The Russian Asset in the White House just pooped on Twitter again!
I guess 0 luck geekjam translates into other things too. Thanks for the response
Yes. The sound track was part of it. They sent me an email to download that digital content. It was a link that took me to the digital deluxe code I already redeemed, the same synth code, and the zip for the soundtrack. But there wasn’t anything for the emblem
I've binged makeup tutorials all weekend and just now I saw one of my faves (yes I have faves already) got a sponsorship from Audible and I think that's dope because I love Audible and also way to think outside the box and sponsoring an adorable makeup YouTuber, y'all!
I need it to be real so I can make fun of the Cubs.
Faasckkkkk I’m taking a business calc test shortly and My anxiettyyyy went through the heavens, galaxy, Milky Way, and pretty sure is in a black hole right now and my memory is completely gone
Seems like the only thing fans can't come to terms with is idols dating - this shit is def unforgivable lol
I had an old boss who worked with him at Mesa. Ron did not buy the team to "just be an owner" "Hes gonna do whatever it takes to bring a championship to San Diego" my old boss said. I want to believe him. I wish I was there!
Yaaay amazing!! I wish you the best of luck, I know you've got this!!!!
Oh lawd, the good group partner is asking me about anime cause of my hair & asked if I did it for cosplay. Now we’re deep in convo about anime in general Perhaps I do have faith in men
I am *not* espousing promoting factual errors. I think a debate about some of the claims might be interesting. I have a problem with a few others (like you). The fact that members' votes really matter this time is the main message.
I can't wait until tomorrow! 1) its going to be October. 2) we are that much closer to #Halloween & the new Scentsy warmer s will be on line to look at.
With a tangible, measurable solution. They need to create these amorphous “global” problems that can be used to push the world closer and closer to a one world government
Obviously Elway deserves some blame for where we're at today, but the draft is a crapshoot and unless you're talking about no-brainer prospects, you can't do this kind of thing to yourself. You could do a re-draft for every team in the NFL.
wait, you reuse in the third time while landing. After that, you reuse it as a habitat and as a tank for INSTU propellant production (the fourth time). And if you want to go home, you light up the engines and reuse it in the fifth time
I risked my health just by working night shift and studying in the morning. They are already getting payed a free school I’m still paying my #EPCC and university of Phoenix loans from #ElPaso I sacrificed my time and I’m still paying my loans with my kids now. Cmon bro
Idk who needs to hear this but FALLING IN LOVE WONT SAVE YOU, relying on someone else to fix ur mental health is the epitome of codependency
Did anyone watch  after the finale? The showrunners looked like puppies who were waiting for their noses to be shoved into shit but it never came!  deserves an Emmy for pretending to enjoy that dumpster fire of a season.
Not only does this precious soul make me happy with everything he does and seeing him happy healthy and his dreams full filling but he also gave me the bestest girl! MY best friend!
BLACKBOOK Lifestyle is proud to be featured in the ’ Book Of Lists for 2019, as one of the city's largest event planners. Be sure to check out the feature on BLACKBOOK co-founder Daniel Mackinnon!
Guess Pompeo is following Lewendowski, it’s ok to lie to the media. Again, reporters need to ask all T lemmings if it’s ok to lie to the press.
 I was trying to get the 10 Ubisoft coins with the classic website challenge but it didn’t give me the coins what can I do?
Amen! I live in Boston. You have more ethics, morals and spirit than all our politicians combined! Let’s see what the people of Philly are made of.
I’m home now. All I want to do is pick up some comfort food dinner, watch all the Pelicans Media Day material there is, and curl up in our new king size bed. Today ranked in like the Top 10 of Mondays just being Monday.
There’s a teapot floating somewhere between Earth and Mars, prove there isn’t. Done recently by the super solid daveshurmantattoo. Give the guy a follow. . . . #traditional #tattooing #space #tattoos #spacetattoos…
Whitmer has not yet released a list of all the vetoes, or veto letters to the Legislature. It sounds like it won't be until tomorrow until there's a sense of what all was nixed in the state department budgets #mileg
Come clean? Any 1 of us have to take bribery learnings at work? Can't take gifts over $50 this thing. No tickets to sports or concerts? Careful with family members? This is the actual definition. The thing. Corruption.  exempts itself from a lot of things.
Very impressed by the family’s statement! I pray all parties are protected from evil and that they heal!
There are these templates needed for planning and this one teammate was tasked to do them. He was solely focused on doing those while the other teammate was doing cash exam for the collecting officer. While I'm doing memo for representation expense, checking trip tickets,
I had to take a break from working just because the photo of  as a butterfly almost made me cry from laughing #loveyoudefcondad
It will be a very cool end to your Monday with overnight temperatures dipping into the upper-50s heading into your early Tuesday Morning!
I hate when stuff like that happy. I used to root for a reality show ship, years ago, and people would come into my mentions and type "delusional!". Why waste the energy?
you know you high when you hope the blunt dont come back to you
Don't give up on your faith Love comes to those who believe it And that's the way it is. #BotSinging
Sounds like what 45 would call the movie if he spoke of it.
Some people overlook the value of things in life were others cherish it. Being some really understand life when others don't.
They might just turn out to be the greatest warrior you ever know.
Did they go easy on you today? Or give you the business? Lol.
Repeating a lie wont make it any more true. You are on the side of the mob and will always go to violence, Corbyn goes to peace. His record is clear
im glad someone in my tl said this. Now that we know it the song sounded like this, i agree.
Dude honestly!!! Why is the immigration for Pindi so hard to get thru
Thanks to everyone for the great turnout at today's Regional Championship! the crowd! Nashville defeated Aviston 9 - 4 in 9 innings. Best of luck to Nashville at the State Tournament!
the smiths and elliott smith are also on there i listen to car seat headrest and talking heads please don't take away my indie cred
Can’t believe how quick this year has passed by but this is the best year yet! 2019, you have been the greatest. Thank you, Jesus
'The skill of writing is to create a context in which other people can think.' #quote Edwin Schlossber.
Thanks Ronin for the ride, truly appreciate it, IFBAP
Apparently not. Mr.Brennan. Gosh 3rd and 4th hand info will do. Heading to the AG office right now.
What you and your rag have been hiding from the country for 3 years is about to explode. Better get on the right side of history sometime very soon.
||NEED THICKER, FULLER AND STRONGER HAIR|| Then wenaturals Argan oil Range Combo is perfect for you. It also works well for relaxed hair. _________ Argan oil stimulates fast hair growth and adds extra shine to the…
started working on my october premade a bit early, heres a mockup of the final design on the foam base! super duper excited to get fur on this dude and finish them, theyll be for sale for $1k with a head, paws, and tail :3 #fursuit #fursuitforsale
I would love to see an undead version of the GOT dragons. With the holes in the wings and the blue fire and stuff These are so incredibly stunning
“I had Pauline since I was a little girl, my maman had got her for me before she got sick, Lovebirds do so well in pairs so she got me Pauline et Florian. Florian passed away a year before I moved here so I got Pierre! They're the best of friends.” she said with a +
Yes because half the friggin World was out to get trump before the election even occurred. Are you nuts?
This is Downer we are talking. A US arse kissing conservative, who enabled Australia to follow the US into Iraq. He's about as right wing as you get in Australia ... he also has no time for Clinton.
Ivanka we love you! The haters are ridulous! Your family is strong and will survive these attacks! We are counting on you!!!!
Shii.. except the free kick towards the end. Still shii overall
Hello I am a Japanese Pokemon trainer. Let's be friends in Pokémon GO! My friend code is 892830749155 The team color is blue. The level is 21 I live in Japan. 海外フレンド募集中！ 日本の人も可 #ポケモンGO #海外フレンド #PokemonGO
That’s why he lost the popular vote by the largest margin in US history?
WATCH: Steve Scalise Suggests Ocasio-Cortez&#8217;s Tweet Launched The Impeachment Inquiry https://www.dailywire.com/news/watch-steve-scalise-suggests-ocasio-cortezs-tweet-launched-the-impeachment-inquiry/ …
You can’t run or hide, Trump. Your own words condemn you each day. Please keep tweeting, you help the American people understand your utter moral bankruptcy.
Good evening, Everyone! Welcome to #PTSDandBeyond. We’re your hosts...  and the volunteer students from the !
Nah I feel it. It sounds like y’all are on top of it and know the process. That’s great feedback on this for real. I appreciate y’all for sharing.
Okay, I don’t know any of these people in the media or in the city government. I just heard the allegation and wanted to know if it was true and why it’s happening.
The new Sydney Mutual Bank website is now live. If you encounter issues accessing it please refresh browser cache; if the problem is not fixed please try again in a few hours. The mobile app can be used as an alternative to Internet Banking. We apologise for any inconvenience.
Oh snap, Elizabeth Warren is to blame for everything in the news? Well, considering how close Bernie is with her I'd better steer FAR CLEAR of both of them! Thanks, I was thinking Warren and Bernie were the best candidates but you've shown me the light: both suck!
#repost  ・・・ We live on the edge of excellence. (: #GMAS1401A)
Hilarious cuz I was just thinking today how the official one is the least valuable account lol
The ironic part about this tweet is that the back up played better than Josh. So there's that.
People berating their valuation as a flaw of capitalism are missing the point. WeWork’s consumers didn’t enjoy their product or business, voiced that, and drove them into the ground. It’s clear and concise consumer control of market.
U DONT GET BATHROOM BREAKS?! and if u do try it, the key is to relax the muscles lol
Still got pictures of friends on the wall I suppose we aren't really friends anymore
Just a question. Why is the miss on Bradbury. Clearly, Dozier whiffs entirely.
Buts its forcing their hand! Nixon didnt have the votes either! Then the country got to see the truth and that all changed. This will force every Republican to show the country where they stand! Votes or not we will get to see who is who.
その手を僕に伸ばしてよ Let's Go out baby 僕が君を連れ出すから Yeah! 空が晴れて君が笑うから Thank you sunny day No cloudy in the sky Yeah! ♩Sunny day
Just a friendly reminder that Kareem Hunt will be available to play week 8 for the Cleveland Browns. He also led the league in rushing in 2017.
but Zico deserves so much better than being treated like garbage when he has done nothing wrong but being human and is being judged by what exactly? His appearance? The fact that he’s a rapper? Because all rappers are bad and get drunk, do drugs and treat women like garbage?
Chloe Fineman really stole the show with her Marianne Williamson impression. So excited for this season of SNL. #SNL
Dropping today in 22oz bottles, Said in Zest is the last in our manic series for the year. Over 400 pounds of fresh grapefruit zest went into this bright and refreshing lager! #StayFresh #Zesty
Care to provide the statistics and source? I'm really interested.
It's the 1st of October in Australia, so Happy Birthday !
Don't forget the name of the chef who fixed for me!
Some cute ass dude in a challenger was hella flirting with me and Chanelle in traffic on the freeway dude hella winked and blew a kiss at us. IM WEAK
I love that friggin’ movie — Michael Keaton’s performance when Adam & Barbara meet Beetlejuice for the first time is the best
When it's all said and down ima go down as one of the best writers in history
 very interesting card you have their seth! I am curious how this will work in 2v2? Do BOTH opponents gain 4 elixir on the troops death? Or do they get 2 each? If so this could be a problem with people trolling using mirror + clone... you get the picture
We’re hosting the  #CanineForum2019, a prestigious event held every two years, bringing together customs and law enforcement partners to share knowledge and experience on the use of detector dogs. For more, visit: https://bit.ly/2KxPL4z
Way better hat. Because I guess those other guys are "riding the range" looking for Billy the Kid.
jvn i love you babe but ‘reagan was hot enough to excuse the aids crisis’ is a putrid take get offline
both Happy Ending and All Right have the same themes to it and literally makes me so soft thinking about it vaaaalavala he’s a precious!!! babey!!!
You know when you’re excited to be done with a situation I want to sing Kool &amp; The Gang “Celebrate” — feeling relieved
The beauty of being part of the master race. Contradictions no longer apply. G. Zimmerman & A. Guyger will both be laughing sooner if not later.
Randoms on the internet absorb your music and share it to their friends and also listen to it daily so please flex away as I listen to “tag walls, punch fascists” while I motivate myself to do the hard work I’m afraid of doing
If Vontaze had left the field a little less joyous they might have been more lenient. Running off laughing and throwing kisses is a little bit much for the league to swallow!
Another place to be the covenant property then sure.
Ableism is a developmental issue and it should be treated with care, therapy, education, introspection and by allowing access to all the other resources people need to grow and heal.
Wow! An hour+ goes by real quick when you are trying to get supper on the table!
Got the Shield Of Wisdom! So I did voted for Kreek to win the RBBattles Championship Season 1. It was such a amazing event! Hopefully Season 2 is coming soon! #Roblox #RBBattles
Same as us had one in family everton fan my Dad.. I never entertained the idea.
And the aim should be to improve on what was started
Yes the culprits turning on each other like in an Elmore Leonard novel, out of self preservation versus any semblance of a guiding moral principle.
Have yall watched the angie martinez show on WE? Im shook that tupac really thought he punked NAS. Lmaoo glad snoop dogg confirmed. Nah he let us slide. We need more truth of this “beef”
We have had a normal entire term of office’s worth of news in the last four hours. I need a drink, how about you? #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachBarr #LockThemUp
 Glad you can predict the future all so well. Thanks so much.
Won’t need to negotiate non-prosecution... Pence will pardon him before he takes his hand off the bible(swearing in). See Ford/Nixon
As an Independent who knows of Trump's lo-o-ong criminal history & unfitness to hold the office of the presidency...I'd like to thank the Democrats & tell them to keep up the good work. The truth will out. BTW, isn't Jim under his own scandalous investigation? Hmmm....
Everybody taking the #Steelers to Win. Not me I got #Cincinnati all day long. #MNF
Thats the Definition of Fishing Expedition . . . The President of the United States is hostage of whatever Leaders of those Countries want to say ab him "forcing them to find dirt" ALL THIS TO CLEAN THE RUSSIAN NAME . . . THE RUSSIAN BIATCH! https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2019/sep/27/trump-russia-election-interference-report …
ain't it funny that kanye said he made taylor famous when most of the people only heard of him when he interrupted a 19 y/o girl when she was making her speech about WINNING. Ooh and Kim's husband. Yep, that's what most people only known him for.
I chipped in: you deserve it. Keep up the amazing art, dude!
Donald Trump walks into a psychiatrist’s office with an orange rat’s nest on his head. The psychiatrist says, “Can I help you?” And the orange rat’s nest says, “Yeah...can you get this guy off my ass?”
Yeah, I feel like taking the time to say these things might actually help. Even when it's on a more levelheaded comment like yours. It feels like flooding, but it might help the angry commenters realize that we're all here for the country, not the hatred.
I’ve got #Nationals winning the #NLWildCard on TBS.
‘Over six occasions between 2015 and 2018, Peng would secure a hotel room & leave up to $20,000 there...The double agent would then get a key to the room, take the cash and leave a digital card containing information’ #OldSchool ⁦ ⁩https://www.cbc.ca/news/world/u-s-citizen-accused-of-spying-china-1.5303435 …
Like coming home to your wife and two wine glasses on the counter - it may not kill you but you might wish it would....
Do they make stuff like that anymore in the age of phones? You can buy a regular iPod i guess but that's all I know
Took longer for the stuff to get here than I thought. Gonna do a quick warmup and then I'll set up for streaming
Didn't see the Baertschi waive happening. They must have tried to move him with no luck. Tough to see him end up on the wire, but hopefully he goes unclaimed and takes back a spot in the lineup. #Canucks
That’s a rightwing incell word. They “other” women all the time by referring to us the way someone might speak of animals. That’s b/c they don’t like or respect us as human beings -they just want us for their own sexual gratification. Bet he wants Warren b/c she’s sure to lose.
It will be total humiliation for  fans the day the Steelers put Ken Anderson in their hall of honor as the QB coach of a SB winner.
Newnan Symphonic Winds is really coming together. I am very pleased with the high level of musicality that we are starting to achieve.
I do it mostly not to derail the cause because "tRaNsPhObiA!" And also out of respect for people who are actually trans that are offended by it. None of it has to with respect to the Onions
I strongly agree, i like the game, just like 06 it could have been one of the best and it had a lot of potential, but they needed to put more effort into it, mosly the story and putting classic sonic in it was very unnecessary, modern sonic is great on his own, classic was-
Happy to. I first came politically active in 2015 when I heard  speak of  and #MedicareForAll. I registered to vote and phone banked my first time at the age of 47. Only Bernie do I trust not to sell our children to corporate greed. #DanyStrong
dont let the moron off. i want to see him leave office and be placed in handcuffs
hi i love this thank you for providing us with the Content
Guy Sebastian hosting the ARIAs is single handily the best thing to ever happen to me.
it don’t even be what you did bro, it be the principle behind the shit.
That’s kinda the only reason I didn’t support free tuition when I was in Highschool. I was like “shit...I’m not smart...Only way I’d be able to compete is the fact I was fortunate enough to go to college”
Did you realize the most desirable potential business partners are obtainable in web 2 . 0. Anyone can certainly get all their eye with these cost-effective approaches http://bit.ly/2MeWrmH
He just under threw it!! If he puts a little more air under that ball we win the freaking game!!
My inner self is screaming and yawning at the same time. Wish i could sleep till forever.
But seriously, a lot of the soda we drink straight today really was originally intended to be mixed with bourbon. If you can find the non-HFCS "Throwback" Mountain Dew Pepsi occasionally produces, 2 bourbon:1 soda is really nice on a hot day, and deceptively smooth.
Someone just asked how do the dem presidential candidates talk about the Biden issue. Easy, you tell the voters its a non-issue as Ukraine investigated and found no reason to probe. Something I’m sure trump & his cabal wish could be said for them.
Certainly I care, but an unpopular weekly tabloid and an unknown TV channel do not lead to democracy. NOW has a long history of bias against minority politicians unless they are ultra-left. If the latter case, they are coddled.
Donald J. Trump is the love of my life. He is my everything. My wife doesn’t even come close. My Donald saved America. My wife can’t even save a computer file. #TrumpSavedAmerica #MyWifeSavedNothing
He would have many who share the same interest over here. Very powerful and influential people.
I’ve said all the time Nancy is going to be found very deep in the true Russia balderdash ! She knows her involvement is coming out and this is her last chance to remove Trump before she is gone !
Oh yeah. From Korea and Ireland. Thought you said Mexico and China were the job stealers. Coming BACK, lol.
Even if he’s the man of your dreams, and treats you like a queen?
Yes it does. But i will phrase it differently. Since Trump doesn't understand the basics of trade, like what a trade deficit is, doesn't it concern you that he is setting policy that impacts our lives based on something he doesn't understand?
I spent a an hour tagging monarch butterflies at 's Milford Point Coastal Center the other day & then wrote about it.  was there and published a terrific photo feature today. Find it here https://www.ctaudubon.org/2019/09/tagging-monarchs/#sthash.rwRDKbde.dpbs … (this photo by Sharon Cuartero)
he’s gonna help you every step of the mama, you’ll see
King of Seduction Absolute by Antonio Banderas ://is.gd/14rFeC Launched in 2015, King of Seduction Absolute by Antonio Banderas fuses spicy citrus and herbal aromatic accords with nuances of sea water and leather. The scent opens with a fresh, ozonic ...
That’s fair, I can’t really get a read on Jones just yet because he’s only started a couple games but if he performs like how he did the last two weeks then I’d rather have him over Cousins
the idea of “destroying competitive balance” is so laughable in college football it’s tough to express
If She Doesn’t Love the Giants as Much as I Do .... She Ain’t Fo Me ! Periodt
Jake Tapper is a hack and was so one sided and disrespectful in this interview. The only narrative he cared about was his own. CNN Sucks!
I'm watching  sail the 7 seas, come on overrrrrrr and join https://mixer.com/Kitty_haz_Claws via
Will Biden be the first domino? He'll sing, there's no love loss between him and Killery.
this is pretty good because it doesn't show the eight minute long rendition of the elf knight or other things of questionable taste
Want to let everyone know that for, possibly the first time, my brain at will produced the word acronym
Talk so much how web enables. Yeah, which includes building things useful to others and thankfully used, all over the world, without making money. Which is ok, on a global community basis. Like, how many people can in any way say, they actually help people all over the world?
You will always be my hero Never scared, braver than us all Guiding light for me to follow Always showing me the way Right beside me everyday Part 2:      (Playing Zelda: Link's Awakening)
When you get the governor to sign the bill ON the show. Wow.
Gentle reminder as to why the impeachment "frenzy" is upon us (as well as the reason why there has been NO VOTE TO PROCEED yet). Fear is a powerful motivator.
I love that area. Previously traveled the I-81 corridor
There are more Australian retailers online and some of them do small bead fairs in Sydney once a year. I went to the Bead and Buy near Parramatta a couple of weeks ago. But i have been using Czech Beads Exclusive a lot in the last year which has very good international postage
Joe Biden’s son Hunter secured a billion dollar deal for his startup equity firm with the Chinese Communist government while Biden was VP. John Kerry’s stepson Chris Heinz co-owns the business which began while Kerry was secretary of state. https://www.independentsentinel.com/biden-kerry-sons-lucrative-but-shady-business-with-chicoms/ …
You and your husband are the most corrupt couple I’ve ever witnessed as well.
Is there such an email with the subject *** Action Not Needed ***? And the contents says, “Hope you have a great day.”
What really gets me is that they do all of this (Schiff's parody, the latest) right in front of the world, and knowingly lie about it, or withhold more info....and still, a little less than half of America support it, and believe it. Aggravating, man!?!
 Jimin made it to the #BOF500 list this year! That's currently, like, top honors for anyone working anywhere in the fashion industry.  is the most influential media in fashion business right now.
Love it. Favorite part is seeing the next highest bidder to the winning bid. Have had some good laughs until it was me spending $10 on Green last week when I could’ve had him for $2.
The one awesome thing about math is that it it is the one universal language. I hate numbers, but I recognize the beauty to be found in them.
Think of the extra sleep you will get. That’s called #Winning
That's a #SchiffForBrains talking point. Trump clearly says he's going to have Barr contact them. Today we found out he has contacted several of the countries involved in Spygate. There's nothing illegal about that.
Some of the stuff I see on here like logos, drawings, art, etc. It is MENTAL how talented some people are and people just don't get to see it. I like/RT/share/subscribe to all that stuff. Give me ALL the content.
everyone retweet his tweet! He's giving back to the community! Amazing
Traditionally middle class but poor fits vicarage families, though that may be less true now (or more true, given the rise in non-stipendiary posts). Eg. I can remember my mum gluing the detached soles of my cheap shoes back on so that she'd not have to buy another pair.
I’ve never craved the spotlight that often comes along with success in this business. Its a by-product of the profession and a sign of the times. But any uncomfortableness I feel is balanced by the knowledge that it gives me the ability to advocate for others - Brie Larson
Yeah. It’s when the WhistleBlower actually heard what they are whistleblowing about. It’s not my Cousins, Uncle’s Wife told her Sister’s Daughter’s niece that her Cousin heard.....that’s hearsay. “I heard”...is what Patriot would say. Unafraid. #Trump2020 #4MoreYears
They would be taken to the private league and be ready to go.
yes we must thank the BBC for confirming this information
The Top 6 Best Fat Burning Superfoods -- With the spike in the world's weight, we are constantly struggling between eating healthy and eating hearty. It is a constant struggle to say yes to the right foods that will help with weight loss, but why pick s https://goo.gl/EVzLZA
But they shared some. And thats part of my point. In bo3 so many of the attachments were shared across all of them. At least in bo4 you have access to every attachment available for each weapon and theres uniqur weapon attachments
Don’t be narrow minded. I don’t know the answer. Likely, no one really does. Just don’t fall into easy traps! https://youtu.be/pBbvehbomrY
Y'all ever keep fuccin with somebody just off the strength of their food?? Nah me neither
Since all the Indians writers are giving their final farewells, I will follow suit. Not gonna rip this team. Dealt with an inordinate amount of injuries all season and were still in it until the end. Tito’s the best and anyone who thinks differently is an idiot. #Indians
i thank you for your service and dedication to the cause
I might go a bit nuts with 20. Lol. My wife has stepped up and so have the kids. I really thought it would just be me.
I won 5 achievements in South Park: The Fractured but Whole for 209 points on #TrueAchievements
I won the Apprentice Warrior achievement in Jump Force for 17 points on #TrueAchievements
Can anyone copy? I’m sending this message from the darkness of a Mars twilight sunset? I’m a little hungry, just a little calcium will do. I’m hiding under the Surface hotel, the police are looking for me, please send help. Your first clue is...... https://youtu.be/x--rvICd6Ac
if u see me smiling in public it means im laughing at the jokes i tell myself in my head
SI Daddy Kevin Ang Best Supportive Daddy in the world
Pittsburgh is beautiful all the time but mannnnnn she’s sure beautiful on Monday night football!!! #Pittsburgh #HereWeGo
DEFENSIVE PLAY OF THE GAME: Fr. Stryker Hake comes up with the impressive interception. In his first varsity start Stryker had two interceptions. #PantherPride #AWGAWN
if ur the boy that stripped on stage at gay manchester pls call me ty x x x
“No special sessions have been organized or will ever be organized by the GES to train students as advocates for sexual rights,... https://is.gd/reSAO9
This is outrageous, we get a game mode a year after?!?!?! Thanks for that mode for when the next COD comes out. Thanks but no thanks, on principle I’m cancelling my preorder. I loved the beta so this saddens me
My kids go to a Christian school. I love that they learn about our faith. I don’t like that the school finds it appropriate to discuss the 4 horseman of the apocalypse with my 5th grader. #TeacherConferenceASAP
I won 12 achievements in Wolfenstein II: The New Colossus for 157 points on #TrueSteamAchievements
Save the date for October 5th! (The views expressed in this post are the author’s own.) https://trib.al/dngf6iK
Translation: "We've got to expand the number of stable, complacent workers, so they can go back to bickering among themselves while we exploit them! Otherwise we might be lookin' at a doozy of a worker's revolt."
Giuliani Holds Up Piece Of Paper On Live TV That Should Terrify Joe Biden At one point during the interview Giuliani dropped the bomb when he held up the Ukrainian court documents on live TV, one being an affidavit from the man who was allegedly fired at Biden's request Justice
I won the You Knew, Didn't You? achievement in Crysis for 23 points on #TrueAchievementshttps://www.trueachievements.com/gamer/Jack+Reacher …
I like to imagine mine is carefully stored with all the relevant accoutrements, and for all I know that might even be true.
Yes the googling I could have done before pressing “Reply” confirms that it is a feature of Cognito.
“Not only was it authentic frontier gibberish, it expressed the courage little seen in this day and age.”
NUMBERS AND FACTS DON’T LIE! BREITBART IS A RELIABLE SOURCE OF INFORMATION. IT HAS THE PRESIDENTIAL SEAL OF APPROVAL.
i wish i wish upon a star i wish that every thing would stay the same sunshine and roses and everything
Dems have to stop be easy on people who are attacking America. And make sure the best of the best question these arrogant Republicans.
Remember, these are the same people that want to control us by providing "free" healthcare, "free" education, "free" housing...
Show #1 from the new studio! - Chargers win in Miami - Why did Melvin Gordon come back? - Kawhi gets booed at the Rams game - Padres won't hire Joe Maddon  Thank you all for watching!
RT stratorob "Why No city is fully prepared for the disruption of AI http://snip.ly/0v2n36 TamaraMcCleary nycityadchick yendefelipe TechMinex ADEYEMOADEKUNL2 ExISGroup twovast chboursin #AI #SmartCities #IoT #Blockchain " Thanks for this.
#IFellInLoveBecause he has god-tier boyfriend sweaters and shoulders wider than the amazon river
“Change the stars on the flag into crosses .. so now Instead of pledge we pray ..”
so who scheduled the joy formidable and gus dapperton at the same time??? can i speak to the manager please??
Also planned in the same state that the notebook was filmed bcs it’s their fave movie and even played the movie during the even STFU I’m happy for him that he finally found who matches him and both are happy
reminds me of that joke where the ending goes like: two guys are angrily walking out of a department store, one turns to the other and says "Neiman Marcus fucked us!" A passing nun says "so nice to hear people speaking latin these days!"
WAIT hed be on the academic team and on the school newspaper and he'd play baseball with stan <3 and he'd volunteer around town
Thank you! I got to cuddle with the Girl tonight also!
Welcome to the real world baby girl But be blessed that you can afford it at your age.
How can it all be well with leaders like you passing through the corridors of power and having access to our commonwealth! It shall be well real soon as our dearly beloved  and  are fixing all the "shit"!
Girl, I wish I knew the full thing but I know it has honey, rum, ginger and raisins (because I like em) in it.
Honestly didn’t have the time too. Sent an email a few hours before my shift
The search for happiness can be deadly. BLUE BABY #thrillerhttp://amzn.to/1BRlDbP
Yeah well I’m not in the government you are so do something about it
I'm rather inexpenrienced, but my best regards for the future（不束者ですが、これからもよろしくお願いします）from ハルヒ第02話
Walk smooth tf out the door and let you tell your friends how I ain’t shit lmao
Got this dude friend. When we talk, everything is on the table. Have no idea about how it ends. I’m enjoying the friendship as is.
Kids are in bed and I am going to watch the beginning of the #CINvsPIT game and pray my Bengals don't fail me and then I will be live. Excited to stream and make such a crappy day better!!
the face of a mom who slept too late to shower & forgot there was no milk for the kids' breakfast #oops #momfail #justanothermonday . thank goodness the rest of the day has been better. other than the old fridge finally going kaput but the new … https://www.instagram.com/p/B3DJa3dglCS/
When  - a well regarded journo in Pak,has to tweet like this, you know that the Paki est are doing arithmetic & making 2+2=5! A sign of how many Pakis are playing ‘...if wishes could be horses..where it comes to Modi. Little understanding - like IK knows hist/ geog !?
I made a friend this evening. Her name is Athena. She was living in my bathroom. Now she’s living in the garden. Bless you, Athena.
GIVE ME THE LIKES I DESERVE FOR THIS http://vm.tiktok.com/fDtYcQ/
The expressed desire is only removed if the person states they don’t want you to come, saying come if you want still expresses desire it just doesn’t reach the level of expression an insecure person needs to feel coddled
I am missing the over the top reactions and hard bold lines on the faces from Stardust Crusaders. Animation feels a little more standard in DIU rather than the more unique looking style of SDC.
That feeling when a cute girl agrees to go to a show with you and then pulls out just a couple of days later after you’ve already bought tickets for the both of you
my thing vis a vis the ussr is just that i dont think leftism today has any need to regurgitate historicisms & anachronistically idolize past communist regimes (which were for their part flawed in many ways) when it could spend that time just engaging modern issues
Yeah there’s just the two locations both owned by Kelsey and I
Dear Son or Daughter: Wipe carefully, honey; we are hearing the Redhats have taken over all gas station bathrooms for 200 miles ... they say they're taking a stand for "Freedom Dumps". We believe they might be demoralized. #TrumpCivilWarLetters
HELLO, I am the proud principal of Meadow Woods Elementary. #OCPSchats #ocps_pfe
#hateTheGameNotThePlayers #hateISUrespectSKATERS Are the most important tags I've seen in a time in the FS fandom
When you gonna wake up, when you gonna wake up When you gonna wake up and strengthen the things that remain?
His belt not even tied but yes let’s look at the back dimples
Men gettin paste, river limes, plenty food, cricket and football and the nightly sessions (of prayer )...couldnt want anyting else as a yute inno
 Hey, do you get American news there? You've been pretty quiet about Karma pulling into the White House driveway. I hear the door is opening and she is about to get out. I also hear she's pretty pissed. Wouldn't want to be in David's shoes.
 Did you tell your hardcore Republicans you changed your affiliation in order to rin for President because you knew you would never beat Hillary under the Democratic ticket. Tell them if you had ran & won being Democrat you would be dogging Republicans today
Halloween is the one scrap of happiness I have, let me enjoy it
Oh, we're gonna get along wonderfully. I'm the smutty one of the 3.
I may not have a lot of pictures with this guys but the memory we have for this amazing 1 month is trully wonderful... very down to earth people. Walang arte.. super kalog, super kulit... will gonna miss you guys...…
#InternationalPodcastDay My top 5 in no order Watch Out for Fireballs!  and  explore a video game from years ago, exploring how the mechanics and elements have aged well or... not well at all. Their episode on playing games "wrong" sticks with me.
Would have love to have seen the skins make a strong trade proposal last year for Mason Rudolph. He was 3rd string and ripe for the picking. We’ll see about my GM skills tonight. Ha.
Dawg I really thought he was gonna have the longer career out of people like drake, wale,cudi when he first came out music was everywhere even in movies
I bet you had a lot of meeting on how to get more many in your pockets from taking it from your Nurses arw you enjoying your raise/bonuses from the money yiu took from your Veteran Nurses you must feel really good about yourself
Follow the money Here in USA look at THE CASH given 2  THIS DOESN'T INCLUDE  + the RAPIST  Tjis is CALLED PAY 2 PLAY  PAID #clinton MILLIONS OF DOLLARS OBVIOUSLY they were going to get something in Return
I won 4 achievements in Bloodstained: Ritual of the Night for 160 points on #TrueAchievementshttps://www.trueachievements.com/gamer/TakaToo+S
If there were two pictures that summed up flag football these would be it. The passion and... the confusion.  – at Solon Nature And Rec Area
I won the Power Player achievement in HITMAN 2 for 57 points on #TrueAchievementshttps://www.trueachievements.com/gamer/WELSH+LAD+86 …
I won the Heir To An Empty Castle achievement in Borderlands 3 for 16 points on #TrueAchievementshttps://www.trueachievements.com/gamer/Maendro
Oh, no. I am well aware of the feet photos and have been for some time. (I hear you loud & clear, but... Who am I to kink shame?)(See also: my kink is being miscategorized as a celebrity)
I won the Seraninja achievement in Gears 5 for 29 points on #TrueAchievements
8th Dr Log: 12 As I lay Missy safely down to the floor and turned to confront the Black DALEK. This happened. A familiar voice startled me..."Need some help beautiful? My Ex the 10th DOCTOR had decided to drop in. "Depends what you're offering" I replied with a smile..
I won 11 achievements in Back to the Future: The Game - 30th Anniversary Edition for 371 points on #TrueAchievements
I won the The Gully achievement in Borderlands: Game of the Year Edition for 80 points on #TrueAchievementshttps://www.trueachievements.com/gamer/santer1a
I won the Initiated trophy in PlanetSide 2 (EU) for 19 points on #TrueTrophies
Ballot harvesting was a tool, a novel too in CA, that Democrats used better than Republicans.https://www.sfchronicle.com/politics/article/California-s-late-votes-broke-big-for-13432727.php …
Y’all my OCD/Type 1 self is getting out of control. I hunted in the gift wrapping isle for my wrapping paper to match a 1 year olds birthday party theme.. some call me crazy, I just say I’m detailed.
I won the Alchemic Talent trophy in Atelier Ryza: Ever Darkness & the Secret Hideout (JP) for 17 points on #TrueTrophieshttps://www.truetrophies.com/gamer/jameswoo
I love you to the moon and back, and there and back again! #sex #snap #piercednipples #mouille
CPS said no coaches reached out to them yet but an article was already written quoting the coach? Hope they get to the bottom of it. Even when I played in jr high some of the small town schools were pretty hostile.
I won the À La Carte trophy in Borderlands 3 for 21 points on #TrueTrophieshttps://www.truetrophies.com/gamer/demon_rp
I haven't been to HHN since I was 13. I'm definitely interested if I can get the funds in time
Thank you for sharing your experiences with us. You are brave and give voice to the voiceless and hopefully remind us all we should have relentless compassion for people that are struggling. I work with lots of mental health professionals and I’m hoping you found better care.
We have received word that a certain customer has been found putting his “mix-tape” in the CD section. Not to worry loyal customers, we have taken proper precautions to ensure they were put in the frozen section where they belong!
Sometimes you just have to stop and admire the view amid all the running around..... #whataview https://www.instagram.com/p/B3Df3MVlww5NSgdX_-LV019YO8OqsFXYcdS3d80/?igshid=1wn316e5uyart …
What centrist pundits usually mean by "logic" is technocratic incrementalism, even though it's been failing for decades and it would therefore be illogical to carry on with it. Anything more ambitious, even if the end result is a more logical society, is written off a fantasy.
I like the ability he gets though. He's able to split Kurama up into 9 different summonings.
On WGRA-DB http://s45.myradiostream.com:8430/listen.mp3 YouTube - The Great Pretender-The Platters(1956) . Tell your friends
Wow the media foaming at the mouth for the Steelers and hating on the Bengals and specifically Dalton? Groundbreaking.
 Thanks for asking this btw. Perhaps AG Barr was struggling with “asked or suggested” because the correct term was “demanded” or “ordered”.
Congrats on the acknowledgement! Beautiful menorah in the photo too!
I know right I’m already planning of watching The Shinning again, I haven’t seenit since i was like 14 I only saw it once
None of your photos are pointless. You are so beautiful! Love the way you have your hair, that's a great style for you, and the black onyx earrings go perfect with your hair. The paisley scarf is a nice touch. I use to wear ties like that back in the 60s. Love this photo!
Best RINO the Democrats ever had.. Jeff Flake to Republicans: Don't support Trump reelection in 2020 https://www.yahoo.com/news/jeff-flake-republicans-dont-support-144117721.html?.tsrc=fauxdal …
Today's veterans have nothing to do with the amount of money being spent and you cannot be wasting your energy on them please fight the real problem and that is the government that has given the VA the funding that does not match the need and the oversight to see it spent right!!
I'm saying this to be as realistic as possible... Unless this group has a HUGE fan backing in the US, they aren't gonna do well. Especially considering this isn't a permanent group. The US GP isn't gonna see this group and suddenly get interested in their main groups.
You've got the Reagan hair, #daddylou. And the intellect of the Alzheimer's victim. Bless!
I don’t understand how the judge is allowing that. Down here if you break into someone’s home you do so at your own risk and reap what you sow. She’s lucky she isn’t the one in the casket.
Prison Reform: for the benefit of the working class. This is the last word and the only seriously meant word of bourgeois socialism. It is summed up in the phrase: the bourgeois is a bourgeois — for the benefit of the working class.
The fact that I only have to work 3 days as an RT to make my current paycheck working 9 days, is a straight BLESSING.
lmao! My server with NOT be toxic, any YT rank that says "L" (and the nono words) Will lose his/her rank GG ^ Like this is even gonna work
We bring more ghoulish delights to you with this episode of the HolidayMoons podcast, as we continue our discussion of GHOSTS! Join us for this spookily-fun, ghost-filled episode! #holidaymoons #holidaymoonspodcast #ghosts #beetlejuice #hauntedmansion
I see all that orange! Thanks for being in solidarity with so many parts of the Ottawa community!
I won the One More Time achievement in Access Denied for 82 points on #TrueAchievementshttps://www.trueachievements.com/gamer/RSX7
 ready for yaaaa. boutta trade so much kandi. these are some special ones i made have a shit ton of kandi i wanna give away. love the rave community with my whole ass heart
“Capitalism gives off bad vibes” is how we’ll win over the masses
How do I express my opinion on the 1989 era without losing all my followers
I won 4 achievements in Cut The Rope (Win 8) for 98 points on #TrueAchievementshttps://www.trueachievements.com/gamer/Pixie+Ninja …
yes! the first time at least , gotta make sure you lit lit
It be the people you never think would do you like that, that do you like that........
Keep digging to reveal the real you, Under the shallow depths of superficiality, is the real you, Good morning only to the real you!
It's a shame Brando isn't still alive. He would be perfect to play Pompeo in the Documentary (Sick Pic), "Painting The White House Red". Mitch McCommie can play himself.
Probably the longest you went without the new major release! Hope you love it boo
I’m so fascinated by their backstory. I wouldn’t mind Succession:The Early Years
Good question — not sure of the answer. Check with  or .
ruki is my fav character in dialovers...hes like way kinder than the others in a way
Wow... I've loved Bel Canto since the 70s... sorry I never got to see/hear Jessye Norman in person... #BrilliantVoice
I won the Safe and Sound achievement in Gears 5 for 18 points on #TrueAchievementshttps://www.trueachievements.com/gamer/Ginkyo
Yeah, if only everyone had the same thought process as you.
This is the same as the Advanced Fuzzing and Crash Analysis training I’ve been giving this year, just realized we had the older title. Last chance for early bird pricing for Toorcon San Diego 2020 (Nov 4-7)
Its really pretty simple. He is compromised by Putin because of years of Russian money laundering. Manafort can prove he conspired to fix the election. Everything he does is to protect these two secrets.
listen here bot I detest the Sixers. Feel free too look through my TL to see.
From the same people who brought you the survey: “Was Bigfoot responsible for the JFK assassination?”
“Witch hunts”? Uhh witch hunts??? Can you named all witches? Lets start talibantrump, pompeo, Barr, Giuliani! He did drained the swamp. It’s time for the Dem to makes the catch!!! Thanks for doing the great job of drained the swamp!
I won the Interior Decorator achievement in FIFA 20 for 21 points on #TrueAchievements
I’m focusing on staying positive & trying to have a more godly attitude. I got news that I may not be able to have my own children And it’s devastating 4 my husband & I. I’ve always strived to be the best at everything so coming up short in this aspect is a hard pill to swallow.
Care to talk about all the money that the Clinton foundation stole from Haiti?
The new  is awesome! It includes automatic pick/ban recommendations at champ select, builds directly imported into client, and a Post Game feature that ranks players from 1st to 10th. Check it out and this giveaway #mobalytics #giveawayhttps://wn.nr/kzYgLT
Don’t forget to cite the passage where he’s like “cool, cool, I get to cut open a pregnant lady because her husband beat her to death.”
There are many different ways to reduce the potential taxes on your estate while you are alive. One involves giving money now to people who would have been your beneficiaries. That lowers the value of your estate, potentially reducing the amount of any federal estate taxes.
Do we remember when Obama went to Egypt and bowed to the president of Egypt. NO president ever bowed or kissed the ring of another country. Was he bowing to pay respect or was to telling the president of Egypt what government he really represented. Like maybe muslim/islamic.
The Steelers should be considered the favorites tonight. In fact, they’ve won 16 straight Monday night home games.
Excited to be presenting on established neighbourhoods and barriers to building missing middle housing tomorrow! Come check out the all  panel at 1:15 pm! #bousfieldspresents https://ontarioplanners.ca/oppi/conferences/conference-en/schedule/day-1/1-00-pm/interactive-60/201-evolving-the-established%E2%80%9D-neighbourhood …
If theres any English words in the taquerias name I’m DEFINITELY NOT eating it....
would be nice if Adobe could channel some of the infinity dollars they extort from creators to make Adobe Acrobat Pro remember my credentials instead of throwing up a login box a minute or two after opening a PDF that I'm not even trying to edit
Because "The ICIG cannot add conditions to the filing of an urgent concern that do not exist in law."
Today is 6 months since I last saw my grandma and tomorrow is 6 months since I last saw my mom and I get to see them both tomorrow and genuinely I feel like a kid on Christmas eve today I am so god damn excited for tomorrow. The day is gonna DRAG tho
The board has voted that any commercial operations on the airport property will need to have prior approval from the board.
I'm sure if I rewatched I'd be bery annoyed ny him but I was 14 when I watched the show the 1st time and now it's almost a nostalgic kind of love I have for him lmao
 is there a way to see if people can help me raise the $75 for my meds? My gfm is still important but my meds are extremely important right now. I didn't know if u could do a post or not. Thank you http://paypal.me/bob1244 – at Pennsylvania Hospital
fellas whats the verdict on kinning, is it cool again
I CANT think ab Evan Peters the same now. Thanks a fucking lot.
- watched intently for error codes or anything out of the norms in its heads-up display. Then, a click foretold them; letting them know that the battery had flushed into the terminals. Dave could safely turn off the KERS-APU and back on battery. “Yes,” It confirmed, “Thank you -
The True Story of #CivilWar2 and #CivilWarPotluck http://dlvr.it/RFDRxw
THANK YOU RHYS. People don’t get it, but you said it perfectly lol. People don’t understand Mookie situation... I’d do the same thing
Everyone complains they are on the opposite side .... meanwhile if they wanted to make sure they weren’t, they could simply wait to see the pick AND THEN make their decision what to play
right??? it's so completely crazy but honestly it's kind of eye-opening in that it makes you realise any leader could do this. could just set up a good base and break the law and just. not stop. it's wild to see america doing that tho. 'leader of the free world' and all that
Oh I don't want kids at all. Over a million children in the foster care system, I will just adopt one. Or two. Or ten.
Then we start making burial presentations for my friend
Putin is quite prepared to have Trump thrown under the bus
I spent the weekend at my folks over in Winchester VA, where I used to live — to visit and work on an installation piece for an upcoming exhibition. I won't bore you with progress pics (yet), but rather introduce…
I can never be sure with theory's but i think tge second definition matches better with the theory's esp with them going back or whatever is happening. I'm small brain anyways posting again after 3 weeks feels good…
I laughed at the thought of gorka being referred to as a dragon of any kind.
I won the Gun Pals! achievement in Borderlands 3 for 25 points on #TrueAchievements
 You meant to write: "And now the Left is coming to legally & rightfully impeach Trump " There. That's it.
listening to some of these songs though makes me very glad I didn't grow up during the Nuke Scare Era
I won 2 achievements in Shadow of the Tomb Raider for 24 points on #TrueAchievementshttps://www.trueachievements.com/gamer/nextHUMAN
LMFAO!! I love how the error is attributed to immigrants like it doesnt happen every in the world with all type of peoples.... Hope you didnt hurt yourself with that massive stretch
I won the Barreled Right Over Them achievement in Borderlands 3 for 15 points on #TrueAchievementshttps://www.trueachievements.com/gamer/pikachoux+bzh …
Have a good night all! Time to charge the phone #ImpactMatters
I won the Friendly Fun achievement in FIFA 20 for 27 points on #TrueAchievements
Nice change up. Im more interested in usmca passing then a couple leaders of nations helping each other investigate a coup attempt. Leaders talk and im sure make requests every day. It was ok for the dnc to use Ukr help, why should anybody worry if the rnc were to do the same
So he will be impeached and exonerated and it will be like it never happened. The consequences are losing the election and losing control over redistricting. I'm glad you are so privileged that you will be fine with GOP in charge, but the rest of us need to win.
I USED to like them and now I just can’t. It’s the weirdest thing.
I hate mine because it’ll be in a paradise of a place and there will be a romantic dc eve before the sex happens then I wake up alone, single, dry phone.
You can’t tell a grown man what to respect, tho. I’m a grown ass woman & I won’t respect an easy ass man that fucks on the first day. That’s MY standard. If you think differently that doesn’t make either of us immature. We’re just attracted to different types of people.
I won the Ranking Up achievement in FIFA 20 for 49 points on #TrueAchievements
 Sir, I visited Sri Gorakhnath Mandir in Gorakhpur 30th Sept for Darshan. Due to rains floor right from gate to main door of Mandir was wet. We were told to be careful for the floor being slippery. Several policemen also slipped. A floor met could be the solution
CVS Pharmacy is suspending the sale of Zantac, a popular medication used to treat heartburn, as well as CVS brand ranitidine products that also treat that condition, until further notice. https://www.aarp.org/health/drugs-supplements/info-2019/cvs-stops-selling-zantac.html?intcmp=AE-HP-TTN-R2-POS2-REALPOSS-TODAY#…
its sooo good!! even without mods cause the quests are way more interesting to get into not like skyrim where u gotta just go thru dungeons of bears n thieves. many memorable elder scrolls characters r frm morrowind n oblivion
Congrats to our 2019 DiCaprio MVP for the 2019 season  !!!!
I won the Hot Topic achievement in Minecraft for 17 points on #TrueAchievements
I won the Falcon achievement in iStunt 2 (Win 8) for 7 points on #TrueAchievements
Happy #InternationalPodcastDay everyone! I promise we’ll finish our damn season soon, sorry for the long break, we u all
Our dear shameful leaders (past and present), as you smile and cut the cake to celebrate the Independence please be reminded that you are celebrating a failed project in the poverty capital of the world. Your graduates are unemployed and underemployed. #APC #PDP #IndependenceDay
You can always use more, and I don't like how the Lions were able to stymie the current non-Hill group with physical play.
I won the Tonight... achievement in Forza Horizon 4 for 48 points on #TrueAchievementshttps://www.trueachievements.com/gamer/Stupidly+Scared …
The fact he gave half the country a mental illness just by winning the presidency is pretty appealing
General thoughts from Jazz media day: Though teams are always excited on media, I thought the FO was a little extra juiced about the season, and rightfully so, they had an elite summer. Key word of the day was versatility, I bet more of the players used that word than didn't.
Yeah the DLC is on cart. Didn't see any download codes.
I won 9 achievements in The Surge 2 for 949 points on #TrueAchievementshttps://www.trueachievements.com/gamer/Gee+4hunnid …
Will  be #impeached before the #2020Elections for #POTUS?? Please vote and retweet to spread poll for a more realistic outcome! EVERYONE WELCOME! #Resist #Trump #Impeachment #KAG #mondaythoughts #Monday #MondayMotivation
Stand fast against the corruption that they support and sweep under the rug
I won the Not There to Buy a Timeshare achievement in Gears 5 for 11 points on #TrueAchievements
Alternative responses are (the middle and right predicted texts): Here lies Katelin Griffin. She was like oh well Here lies Katelin Griffin. She was a good friend.
Or because he switched to another part of the game to validate himself
We started the week strong today:  on how too many Americans' financial priority is just paying the bills, Sally Outlaw of  on a cool bond alternative, Kyle Guske of  putting $RAGTX in the "Danger Zone," and  w/the #MoneyLifeMarketCall
Scripture judges between what is right or wrong. Both OT & NT condemn Homosexuality. Jesus says that He didn't come to do away with the Torah! Why do You find this so hard to Understand. Maybe You prefer to do as You please, Like Adam & Eve in Eden! Blessings, John
I’ve got #Nationals winning the #NLWildCard on TBS.
I won 2 achievements in Wolfenstein: The New Order for 63 points on #TrueAchievementshttps://www.trueachievements.com/gamer/Wise+Crusader78 …
I won the The Gardener's Almanac achievement in Rare Replay for 74 points on #TrueAchievements
I won the LOOTenant achievement in Gears 5 for 125 points on #TrueAchievementshttps://www.trueachievements.com/gamer/wordvirus
Its only the 30th where I am at, hopefully the get it up for you soon
I’m carpooling with my dad today so I met him up on another floor while he was finishing up & I got to meet the head of HR she’s australian & has harry potter paraphernalia up everywhere & a gay flag, she calls everyone mate also she makes like 3 mil a year I think she’s my hero
I won the Beginning of a Beautiful Friendship achievement in Gears 5 for 9 points on #TrueAchievements
It's the "Cutty vs. McCown" scenario. Everyone always sees the backup with rose-colored glasses. No way was Josh McCown ever better than Cutty, much like Chase is nowhere near the QB that Tru is. Serviceable? Yes. Solution? No
What does it say about me that I never hated Walt? Nothing good I’m pretty sure. I should’ve hated Walt. I always fall for the anti-hero
Everyone wants to do good on the field, but you have to understand the classroom aspect to be great! Learn from your film & carry it to the field! #filmdontlie
In 21th century if two state came into being on the basis of freedom rights i.e 1: Indonesia= east taimur has been take apart and rise as a Christian country in 2002 2: Sudan commonly knwn was the biggest islamic state in terms of areas, now divided by two 1/2
This woman on #WheelOfFortune just won a trip to the California Coast AND The Barbados, plus a Mustang Convertible. Good for her! #BlackTwitter
As someone who actually read the document you linked, I’m just going to say that’s not what it says. Changed in August, my friend.
I’LL BE SO MF HAPPY IF CAMILA CABELLO SINGS THE NATIONAL ANTHEM FOR THE SUPER BOWL 2020!!!!!
Wow, is that black glass? Obsidian? In which the other blocks ended up? Impact melt splashing on fractured rock or other mechanism?
Close enough to what? That's the best you have? If you are not even going to put in any effort why bother?
I won the Beat Area 150 achievement in Idle Champions of the Forgotten Realms for 23 points on #TrueAchievementshttps://www.trueachievements.com/gamer/Count+Stex …
the 'study' was funded by the National Cattlemen's Association and doesn't even support the story / headline they're running with . That's not what the evidence showed at all Great thread
I listened to the video twice to hear it and then I realized it was in the text (that I'd also read). Not awkward or unnatural at all.
The mexicans gettin outta hand maybe trump was right
Ombré Brows in the making  with briobeautystudio making them happen. Your the best briobeautystudio. Wouldn’t have it any other way.  Hawaii https://www.instagram.com/p/B3Dfj_cgsC-/?igshid=am4ircd4jey4 …
You can be in a room of the most casual hip hop fans & you be hard pressed to find someone who can’t name 20 rappers better than Da Baby off the top of their head
The point is none of you cowardly schismatic trolls would behave in real life like you do online, putting your employers to the test with "Yes or no"s, and denouncing them for charity given to sinners, etc. It's only possible for people of your spirit to operate under a pseudonym
Yeah shit. Just watched the TYT interview again. He didnt say POC just younger woman "capable of carrying our progressive mantle all over the United States." I inserted Tulsi and Nina in my mind.
He blocked me and I didn't say a harsh word to him. I don't even know what the original tweet was that people were responding to.
You better worry about Hillary and her crimes and all her criminal allies in the media and government. Evidence is coming that will expose all the real crimes committed by her and the democrats and their friends in the cia and fbi.
Pelosi you are a joke. Love my president. You need to resign the American people are sick of you and the rest of dems
Go play another game imo. The game is 4000 hours of leveling content and much less endgame.
And what a way to one-up Ben’s outstretched hand in the final TLJ trailer
her: im prettier than u me: *rips my eyebrows off from my face* her: ... me: beauty is in the eye of the brow holder, bitch
Whatever helps you get through the minute. Also, your source?
That first win would hit better as a prime time win against the Steelers
im sad the OG tweet is gone but i was destined to love shinobu
Can you do a comparison of deep balls thrown the first 4 games of last season and compare it to this season? Wonder how many more attempts he did last year, which seems like it would be a lot more attempts
Cool. Just asking, hows "Artistic Hallowing" coming? (Like the video)
Don't miss out on a funny video uploaded today click the link https://youtu.be/mM9VpMymBG4 share with 5 friends #youtube #youtuber #vlogger #vlog #ytvlog
10 & shrinking: House Democrats defying Pelosi & resisting Trump impeachment https://fxn.ws/2nTOawU #FoxNews ARE ALL YOU (D) REPS, going to let your VOTERs, WHO don't want you to do this, hang in the wind? WOW, IS THAT A TASTE OF WHAT THEY GET IF YOU WIN?
A great quote from CS Lewis.. pretty much sums up the entire Democratic Party ⁦ ⁩ ⁦ ⁩ ⁦ ⁩ ⁦ ⁩ #Trump2020Landslide #BestEconomyEver ⁦ ⁩
I find it interesting that I saw this vision on April 15th. It seems that the tax bill is due, time has run out for this dark system. For the first time in my life as a spiritually awake person, I see dark going to light.
The  could be on the way to its version of 'Are You Ready For Some Football?' The league is announcing a two-year partnership with  that includes an opening song for  "Wednesday Night Hockey." http://on.nbc10.com/Ul80fAl
Ian and Jay also reminded him about his dating of other men before and after Paul. And Jay pointed out how Ben’s approach to Callum in the beginning was as a challenge. Callum & Ben are opposites. It was keeping to the character’s history & personality. #EastEnders
From standard definition to 4K no matter what decade  beauty continues to captivate the camera lens
Probably namjoon bc he just seems so insightful about EVERYTHING like I could ask him a simple question and we'd end up talking for hours and fall into a deep, meaningful convo (that's the best kind)
In theory, I see nothing wrong with legacy admits to a university. Family traditions are good. But when your family tradition is used to leverage yourself at the top of the globes most wealthy and power ruling cliques...
Where am I going to learn all the best public speaking gestures now????
If I could have gt it cheaper at tmobile ida got it there. But it's more of the employees then the customers
Yes you can! Blocking & ignoring is less effective than explaining why we hold the views we do.
It could have even been China it could be domestic they don't know I've yet to see anybody give me concrete evidence it's all speculation framed in a certain way the anybody with a little bit of skill could do
He's purely in beast mode!! Good for him considering he didn't get much shine w the broncos
Collagen is great but they're NOT all the same. Some of them make my coffee taste weird (salty?) so I use those to dissolve in liquid foods or a mug of broth.⁣ Because: don't ruin my coffee please! ⁣ Ketologie is one of those collagens I do NOT: https://travelinglowcarb.tumblr.com/post/188053734532/last-day-for-20-off-perfect-keto-here-are-my …
But out of the ashes new life will emerge. I believe that the reason that all the trees were identical, is because we- humanity are all one and bare the image of our creator. The individual colors speak of our uniqueness and singular life giving potential.
My sibling just gave me back studying mammals. An OU short course with the David Attenborough documentary. I could send that to you if you like and you could send it back when you're done? There's a course book, his book and the documentary. It's all very interesting.
Yeah, I saw that after posting this. I made the connection about 2 months ago while I posted this on IG and was still reading Pete's book
To kick of Sunday at 1:00 PM the #NewYork #Jets come to the city of Brotherly Love of #Philadelphia against the #Eagles #NYJvsPHI #TakeFlight #FlyEaglesFly
Try the set of bike racks just 2 stores over (in front of North District Police Station). :)
Why the fuck is #RobotChicken still funny even when they rip on Trump. How dare you guys have such good writers. Good for you. How dare you. Seth will be very mean over this.
I’ve got #Nationals winning the #NLWildCard on TBS.
Ertzy is that dude man.. My favorite TE in the league for sure. Plays his heart out for my favorite team and contributed big to winning us a ring. But i gotta go Kelce
Shout out to our DHS Band Booster parents who work quietly behind the scenes to help build a successful program! Y’all are the real MVPs!
The new season offers a reset, and  goes through the good and bad for each team. Plus, who has the best young defensive cores in the league and how is life for Samuel Girard with his new contract? http://go.si.com/j6nm7sR
i agree, the idea is awesome, but im more intrigued by Jerry Jeudy
TAKE ME BACK TO LONDON...Not really lol, I just like the song Ed Sheeran's voice just fits to the music. Like he could say anything and it's just right. Also, Grime mate, how can you say no?!
In the 70’s he neoliberals took power by mascarading as Conservatives. There is nothing conservative about their ideology. It’s always been fringe economic and political extremism dressed up as if fighting the good fight for freedom, democracy and common sense.
Stream was pretty unreal today. Went undefeated with Dance of the Manse again (Only 6-0, deck is def not fast) but still, feeling pretty great after some sick raids from  and , an this ABSURD out-of-nowhere victory where I had to play out of my mind to win
Singles Action! Two former champions  and #Zaviour go toe to toe.. Justuss RIGHT OUT THE GATE showing nothing but a MONSTROUS PERFORMANCE.. and it's JUSTUSS LEAGUE with the victory!
Just heard on lou dobbs , the so called witness checked the box on he was present , not the box that he heard by someone else , get ready for court RUDY
Lithospermum erythrorhizon (murasaki) has been cultivated in Japan since the Nara period for its root, used for herbal medicine and to make dyes. It produces such rich purple shades, that it became a synonym of that coloue in modern Japan. #stseiya #saintseiya #cdz
Lon Chaney, Jr. and Bela Lugosi square off over beautiful Ilona Massey in Frankenstein Meets the Wolf Man (1943).
I love bathbombs! I usually have a few stashed away in case I need to relax and unwind after a bad day. This one had a little lip balm as the surprise in the middle! The cherry blossom and lavender ones are my fav :3
I forgot to send the question Lamo Is angel food cake a delicacy in heaven? Also do you like angel food cake
When I get out of the military I’m growing a mullet. Like a real badass mullet
But maybe I’ll get a man dressed as blue to let me bone him so it could all be worth it in the end :////
finally met the Captain of Captions wale thanks for the laugh. smile came out perf.  Live
I believe in you. Do the commissions. You are more talented then you give yourself credit for.
//THE CLEANER IS COMING. And trust me, a Fiend feud is ABSOLUTELY on my must have list. /All in good time/.
Always trying to bring one artist down to praise the other. Just enjoy the music and move
There is something so deeply precious about Jewish children and their little Kippot and their excited ramblings about Shofar sounds. I’m gonna raise my children so much more Jewish than I was raised just so I can experience all of the adorable.
the only one who can ask me to buy funnel for them is my lil sis and she don’t ask cause they never card her.
Actually, no. The electoral college won the election. Also, Trump's behavior in three years has changed a lot of peoples minds.
I’m still committed to a new motor in my Magnum because a BMW is the best for the driver but dodge let’s everybody like it
Of this system and how far it reached. It was short and squat because it spent all it's energy growing outward instead of upward. The dark realities of this system in the late stages of it's time is currently spreading like a cancerous fungus.
Watching the  come back to demolish the league and have an even better season than last year is going to be so satisfying #warriors #goldenstate #gsw #stephbetter #nba
via  Reno ranks 16th in the country for freelancers http://bit.ly/2oJKr5z
Calling the truth trash doesn't refute it. Sorry. You need an actual argument.
i can't wait to be 12 am and celebrate the real klaus hargreeves's birthday
I love how keke stays making her own memes but the ones that go viral are when she’s just being herself lol!!!
Sharing with my Twitter family the wedding this weekend of my daughter Colleen and son in law Ryan #bullockitdown #proudmom
My solution to bug problems in potted plants is usually to place the plants in prairie patches and the predatory insects take care of them. But they're in the wild plants too? Have you been in a drought? Other suggestion is Sundews and those yellow sticky squares. :/
It is no different with the conservative party. Great leaders take advantage of exceptional teams and poor leaders (Ernie Eves comes to mind for example) squander all of that talent and put us all at risk. It is no different today with Andrew Scheer.
Ok hear me out if its not already y'all should televise the ceremony , we all want to see her get married
It’s really not that big of a secret. Well, maybe just a little Bit . Thank you with all my heart  for doing this. To Starfleet & the Universe we Venture!
When shall they start? Cho's free alllllllllllllllll her life. Perks of being a ninja? The chubby nin is clapping happily and offering him chips!
Now until October 6: Annie Get Your Gun, with ! It's the story of Annie Oakley, the best shot in the West. Take your *shot* now and see it this week before it's over! #ArtoberNashville #NashvilleTheater #Theater #PerformingArtshttps://www.nowplayingnashville.com/event/annie-get-your-gun/ …
I can't wait for a Ban Con so I can flex my muscles (mostly fat muscles) & wear a maga hat while tweeting to Wizards of the Coast
Sorry man but this tweet radiates “calling the Madolche player a meta sheep on dueling book” energy
there’s a mod that gives male hawke a massive dick but teeny tiny balls and it’s the best thing ever
You can smack my hand later, but I’m looking into doing another new project. As long as the program can handle my thoughts.
first day working at the local secondhand bookstore!!! we have this cute little shelf sections where we can call dibs on books we like. so far, i have "who's afraid of virginia wolf, "the communist manifesto," and a vintage copy of the wizard of oz on my shelf <3 WHOLESOME
VPD and  have some of the best “Ride Alongs” with 3 feet of snow in most of the rest of Canada, It’s a safe bet this photo probably got sent as a recruitment promo to a few departments today. #BeautifulBC
Please tell the Jews to get over the Holocaust. I dare you. You know you won't and we all know why. P. O. S.
In the infamous words of  you simply cannot hate on bytches that you’re trying to be *twirl*
The Republican party is already in flames. They just don't realize it yet.
about me LGBTQ+ ‍ ‍ b and t ‍ yeah ‍ not rlly ‍ heck yea ‍ yep ‍ ofc ! ‍ a couple ‍ yea duh ‍ HAHAHAHA ‍ idk tbh ‍ 17 ‍ yeah ‍ im proud of my community's history & of how far weve come drop an emoji for the questions
We can just like lay in bed near each other and idk like stare at the ceiling that would be romantic
cracked the whip on the neo-liberal psychos within the party, and guided the country through a fiscally responsible course. Good leadership did great things with a good team...ignoring the liberalesque scandals. That team still exists but leaders like Trudeau squander it.
May the day be full of excitement and joy, May you overcome all obstacles in your life and continue to tread on the path of success. HAPPY BIRTHDAY SIS
One thing for certain, the man can pivot a situation that looks bad for him 180 degrees and burn whichever opponent is against him. I haven't heard shit from Elijah Cummings since Trump bashed him about his shithole district.
HIM Fantastic Four 66! 1st part of the HIM story! This week is officially Warlock Week and this is my first submission! I’m a HUGE Adam Warlock fan and this is the first time we get a hint of HIM, pun intended!…
Ok, have a draft in college & let high schoolers move across school district lines. Give all colleges the same recruiting budget. Get rid of Title IX so all players can get scholarships. Start taxing the value of all the food, scholarships, books, clothes, & healthcare they get.
its a online app where u can have a community where you can chat with everyone and u can join different communities its known for use by gamers as the voice chat is smooth and the channels are organized
Thank you for the ride, Gina. Patriots, be sure to follow Carolyn (Old account ) and build up her new account
Hey why they got rid of the emoji It’s cuz of that tweet saying it looks like a
But when fruit appeared, each one was a different color. In the last nearly 40 years, I have had many deeply spiritual dreams and a few visions as well. This is the first thread I've written on Twitter and will be followed by many more.
By the way the endowment is measured annually - you can actually research by a particular year. I want to 3 elites and 1 ivy - it’s annual
Reno ranks 16th in the country for freelancers: …just after Austin, Texas. http://bit.ly/2n5nKbM
I actually think the Bengals beat the Steelers for the 1st time since 2015 tonight. But deep down, I truly know the outcome.
Let us not forget that the liberal party is a party connected to immense historical talent. A good leader could theoretically do quite well, but Liberal leaders are typically quite bad. We saw this with Jean Chretien and Paul Martin. Absurdly corrupt as they were, they
And this is not even the cherry on the top of the madness these idiots built playgrounds near contaminated areas children play at them
Driving up to San Diego, being the for #TwitchCon and now driving back, it's all been the best!! #TwitchCon2019
my mom: “just because you were conceived in the back of a jeep grand cherokee doesn’t mean ur cherokee”
Pitt men ready for the MNF stage. Steelers RB James Conner Bengals WR Tyler Boyd  #H2P
All you can do is try your best to be kind and just to people, grow and learn. - The Crew
Definitely the best non-plastic disposable #straw I've encountered thus far. #Bamboo fibre's texture's a little rough but don't notice it after a min & doesn't get soggy and doesn't alter the taste of the drink!  I think Yolly is the manufacturer? https://yollyware.com/en/straws/
If I'll join the arsd next month i should go private. Lmao
Because he's the DCC? The defensive coordinator coordinator.
It’s hard to see the Packers win without Adams, he is very key to there success but you never know
 actually did feasibility studies on expansion and moves upwards for both UT-Permin Basin and WTAMU in the last year as well. CS-Los Angeles doesn't have football anymore but they have been invited by the WAC and haven't said no yet either
It is interesting how the religion of Wahhabism was so prominent at this time, yet I have never heard of it. Is it still common today in Africa? #auburnworldhistory
Shout out to Ella (Renegades 14u) on hitting her 1st HR ever! Welcome to the club! #playusssa
I know the feeling. Hope yours clear up quickly and that you have helpful meds in the meantime x
I just voted for #NASCAR fan Mike W. to advance and entered into the #FHOFsweepstakes. Tap below so you can vote and enter too. *Rules
Dear, if you may accept my advice, try to go to gym early in the morning...do a lot of physical activity with all mental activity you already do...you will take your bed with hug Wishing everything going well with you
Cranston Police Invite The Public To Have Coffee With A Cop http://dlvr.it/RFDRx4
You are the safest when you are beside me...Could you please agree to stay with me, at least until dinner?
The fire quickly ran up the trunk and burned the tree out to the smallest of branches. One by one the large branches fell and became black ash. As I focused on the ash, I saw little sprouts spring to life and every sprout and every tree was identical in appearance...
You will never understand the hell I feel inside my head..
Off to a good start with the  Multi Year Strategic Planning process tonight. Only downside was that my table with  and  was cropped out of the picture?!?!
Obviously not that but I mean the show lmao the way he understands the cats and actually helps them
Jud comm: has powers (X) to investigate, via authority delegated to them by the full House House: has powers (X) but also (YZ) in an impeachment Judd comm to court: we are using powers YZ here, not X Exec branch: You only have X, unless House delegates YZ to you also
TPMElection: Meet The Pro-Trump Power Couple Helping POTUS’ Shady Ukraine Schemes http://dlvr.it/RFDRw7
Just in the mood for Mario Kart, come join me! :) #Youtube #Twitch #MarioKart8Deluxe
Reno ranks 16th in the country for freelancers http://bit.ly/2n5nKbM
We are back in the studio tomorrow night and it will be all 3 of us. (Yay Greg is back, Boo Greg is back) Shoot us any questions you want us to discuss. Also with Steve in self imposed twitter exile if you have a nominee for tweet of the week we would love to see it.
10 Romantic Movies Guaranteed To Get You In The Mood http://dlvr.it/RFDRvl
It’s hard work reimagining yourself after you’ve lost something or someone. The things and people we love become part of us, and letting that past self go is sometimes harder than even saying goodbye to them. But the work pays off, and there is always new joy to be found.
Two years in the Making! Or Fun with family making wine! http://dlvr.it/RFDRtv
Northeast? I guess? I have been known to walk in the snow barefoot long enough to get the mail or something minor? I love saunas as well. But I think I have always run warm.
Boyyyy what! Shit booty, I gotta put the flexible release on HOF.  outta hand for this one.
Investigating the CIA asset named Joseph Mifsud who was the genesis of this hoax.
You are the man! Came back from an injury that had sone people writing you off and then you put together an ALL TIME career and still running strong! You are an inspiration dude. Keep being you!
When I still had the keychain in Japan, at least it's not stolen. So I think Japan safer than Singapore.
Cranston Police Invite The Public To Have Coffee With A Cop http://dlvr.it/RFDRwS
Dear  please find out who approved the lotto commercial where the people are running through the woods screaming "luck" like idiots and fire them. It makes us have to continually mute our tv so we cannot hear it.
omg yes !!! i can’t for the life of me remember what day but i did go
mood. i’m listening to beauty and a beat by jb and all the memories are coming back.
I love my job. I get to build some awesome data systems to support awesome work across the state. I want more Americans to love what they do and not have to be wage slaves
THAILAND Committee for PDPA set up to prepare: The Digital Economy and Society (DES) Ministry launched a committee on Monday handling procedures related to the Personal Data Protection Act (PDPA), which is scheduled to come into force May 2020. http://dlvr.it/RFDRtr
God, this feels so good. He slowly moves our entangled bodies away from the crowded sidewalk and against a brick wall. #KU ➜ ➜ https://buff.ly/2EBJiCC #KindleUnlimited #romance #ContemporaryRomance #ireadcontemporaryromance #amazonbooks #KUReads #newadult
 I will give you the name of my first born child if you ensure a win for my boys tonight. #HereWeGo
I’ve been prepping a small plot of land for a spring garden as well. The digging and raking, the building of compost bins, all of it just feeds My soul.
Concerning food , you want to eat at friendly places for the safety of your health.
when you're happy you enjoy music when you're sad you understand the lyrics
Papa is N/A but the horns are tied to his magic and he’s more or less a hive worshiper sorta dude
if the league is serious about player safety then they should switch to flags
The Class of 2014 Reunion will be a big ol play date, old school bbqI see it now.
Yep he is a traitor, thats why he is kicked out of the party.
America the good thing is. We've already established that this guy is a liar. We don't even have to entertain any of this b*******.
I feel for all the kids involved in this incident. We need to protect our babies and let kids be kids.
I have worked in the industry, I know the lengths the alcohol & gambling industries will go to protect it’s cash cows
Hearing little kids talking smack out loud while playing video games was the freaking hilarious moment ever in my life
And the whistleblower’s name will be the most popular baby name- boy or girl.
After the free trial it took me 11 days to finish 2.0 if I don't finish 2.X and start Heavensward before October 20 I'll definitely not get to Shadowbringers before December
It's so very clear they are trying to overthrow President Trump. Like I said I have things to do than argue with a person that distorts the truth.
I saw the deep state in a vision on April 15th 1993. While working on some commissioned artwork I saw in an open vision of a large, old growth tree that was very low to the ground and had a large canopy. The shadow of this tree covered everything and had long branches heavy with
The school district diversity data has some nice #dataviz challenges (parts vs groups vs whole vs time) though I can't help worry about data proxy issues. As the WP article shows, district diversity is not the same a school diversity, and school diversity data is mostly absent.
Didn’t she claim Republicans were better than everyone else? #Hypocrite #hypocrisy I wonder what her thoughts are on her getting arrested, but her white husband went free, especially since she called 911. And cops usually side with the women too. #feelingequalstacey ?
Not very similar but I'm watching through The Boys right now. Immaculate writing, you'll love it. It's on Amazon Prime.
It’s like La Femme Nakita back in the day Who gives a
Life would be soo much easier if i stop caring abt what other people would feel if i put myself first tbh ᵇᵘᵗ ᶦ ᵈᵒⁿ’ᵗ ʰᵃᵛᵉ ᵗʰᵉ ʰᵉᵃʳᵗ ᵗᵒ ᵈᵒ ˢᵒ
Sounds like the traitor Libs are feeling the heat at home.
the amount of love for you lil one. there through each other thick and thins forever <3
At the time of this tweet the poll is 9-9 even split and the local is maxed out so just NYU again this week lmao
I don't want them to know anything about me. I, the writer, am not important. What I want is for them to at least enjoy reading what I write.
I wish I would’ve went off to college when I had the chance but I wasn’t ready
The Wright Brothers were brave enough to follow their dreams.
Why are people now guilty until proven guilty when it comes to the benefit of the Democratic party agenda? This is unlawful to convict anyone on 3rd hand accusations. Why does the Democratic party have to leave that realm and settle on going full leftist?
Yeah I was one of the idìots that thought it would be a good idea to get zach to talk to hoseok off camera. But after deeping it, it really isnt his place as a white man. And this is a discussion all of bts should be having, not just him.
once again, do what you want, but then dont claim to not support the meat industry. treat urselves w the same harshness you treat ppl who consume animal products, or yall r just hypocrites
“Yes- you can” simple and powerful at the same time.
Seems like an offer of making Trump Properties first choice for all federal hotel stays through 2025 might be enough to seal the deal?
Translation: What dirt does the AG have on the Democratic Party?
I, on the other hand, sent the audio to my ex when she wrote me
support the candidate who beat Biden in a recent major Iowa poll AND get a nice sticker! https://secure.actblue.com/donate/ew-2019q3eoq-sticker …  #Warren2020
What a fabulous idea! Can’t wait to hear what Ellie said! Thanks for being great with the kids.
As summer begins to set, don't forget the bikinis (50 Photos) http://viralbuzzz.icu?p=tch-2204061&xni=gHXLzpi0fJ&r4lviralbuzzz.icu/?p=tch-2204061 …
2 FREE Picks for tonight: MNF 6.5 point Teaser(-130) Bengals +10 Over 38.5 Bengals/Steelers Over 45(-110) Lean on bengals covering the 3.5 but no official play. LETS EAT BOYS
Yes he’s still with  in Moscow. Second from left, bottom row - I was on the ice when he won the cup last season. :)
Give em the barry sanders eyes young fella lol, see everything!
Not the case buddy, igual lo hago. Nada de lo que decimos es mentira.
gone.” “I need to go find her! -Said Andy.” “I need to follow my little frog heart.” “So Andy followed the beautiful frogs footsteps into the forest.” “He then came across a turtle.” “You can’t pass! -Said the turtle.” “Please? -Said Andy.” “No! -Said the turtle.” And this is
First Rivals game with my Welbeck to Glory side. Lost 2-1 to a rainbow team. Very sweaty but enjoyed the challenge. Fifa 20 isn’t too bad so far.
Tura Soup Nights 3 is on Oct 8 at The Sewing Room, Perth featuring local chamber ensemble Greywing with their new program of works entitled [text], which explores text in music in all of its forms: https://buff.ly/2Nd0XpY #whatson #NewMusic #Perth
  many francophones are ignorant of the Atrocity Crimes. This is the summary of them. Do British Cameroonians justice. PLEASE, SHARE N SHARE THIS ITEM. THIS IS NO JOKING TIME.These are stakeholders Uninvited to the Dialogue. https://ambazoniagenocidelibrary.com/2019/09/30/must-read-missed-opportunity-for-peace-renowned-stakeholders-not-invited-to-attend-camerouns-national-dialogue/ …
Im having A HUGE debate with friends that are saying men cannot wear leggings while im saying men can wear leggings including the ones sold by fashion retailers. So my question is are you for men wearing #leggings or are you against men wearing #leggings.
California got the bright idea of paper straws which means you would have to cut down more trees
Ahhh another #Canucks Benning Bro slurper who would rather blindly folllow the team than actually care about how they actually do. I need employees like you.
I’m sorry if you pick the floor/couch before sharing a bed with your homeboy “bc it’s gay” I’m just gonna assume you gay and can’t control yourself
Someone tell me I need to go to the gym I have zero motivation today
Looks like the boys in blue also got on the 'Dusty' bandwagon.
Only if you know two things. You got the money, and you got ahold of somebody interested in your old house.
Don't forget to go talk to banshee in the tower tomorrow so you can pick up your 2.0 armor from solstice from him
fake orgasms, angles designed for the visual effect and not at all for pleasure
They are strip mining because they need more precious minerals like gold And lithium and what have you the list goes on and on
This is my dads new puppy Pepper. She’s the sweetest and so fun and I love her a lot already.
So happy to be back and working on myself T the gym!
The way Drew’s acting, he’s gonna play the bears. Boy we need it.
I actually thought about doing that! Glad to hear there would be some interest
A6 I agree! We need to offer people grace in the effort to grow and change. Otherwise, what shall we do with all of those lessons learned? We're too hard on each other far too often. #ImpactMatters
Best speech in modern history More relevant today than the day he spoke these words.
 I guess you are a real politician now?Stay away from impeachment and save your job maybe.Screw what's right yall all the same.
I’ve got #Nationals winning the #NLWildCard on TBS.
The Californian government has been discussing a number of new bills around how we deal with wildfire. This article gives a nice summary of ones that are still being discussed and ones that didn't make the cut. via  https://buff.ly/2lk4JRY
Whats the history behind his relationship with the original chicken noodle soup song?
I’ve got #Nationals winning the #NLWildCard on TBS.
2 likes and I’ll jump out the third floor window and stream it
Talking about Jennie meeting all these people like she’s not just gonna watch the show and dip immediately
It’s okay ignore it I’m fina turn this on mute and let them argue with theirselves lmao, I advise you to do the same unless you enjoy brain rotting bigotry
We have urban sprawl which Thermal updrafts that change weather patterns we have pollution in China from the industhrial westernization of China because people like they're super cheap things and dam it they're entitled
oh absolutely I agree and Karmatic justice with that hit.
The addition of buttermilk to this apple cake looks SO amazing. I can't wait to try it.
Orange Man Bad! He must not speak to foreign leaders! He must not find out the truth! guess you can’t handle the truth.
I felt this with my whole heart and soul My god I'm honestly nearly in tears. My favorite boys covering my favorite boy in the most beautiful way.
The DOJ may be just a TOUCH biased, based on recent episodes, like Barr’s summary of the Mueller report, etc.
The most memorable poster i had was the gorgon head one, i loved it x
I wonder why they openly admit to these things. She's also admitted to using children as a way to get the nations attention and was used by Schiff at the Muller hearing and then Cummings also mentioning Pelosi telling him that they had to paint us a picture.
So over the weekend I saw Sebastian Bach!! I will be playing a song by his opening act  on my show tonight at 9est because they were awesome and I fell in love
the hood beauty supply store is the way to my heart
yo will someone explain to me why all my male mutuals are the prettiest people ever?? like y’all make me uwu to keeper by the boys and that’s soft as fuck
“on the other side of the pond.” “Milly, Billy, Roger, look! -Said Andy.” “Across the pond stood” “The most beautiful frog Andy had ever seen.” “She’s gorgeous! -Said Milly.” “She’s beautiful! -Said Billy.” “A bit old for my taste! -Said Roger.” “Classic Roger!” “And then she was
Been playing checkers for the last 3 days and I finally won.
If you claim to know the Tanakh, you would know that “War is inevitable”. HaShem is a G-d of War. Don’t like it? Go hug a tree lol. https://youtu.be/d_bFrNPyz1g https://youtu.be/d_bFrNPyz1g
If you were still in on the joke I'd applaud you for the epicness.
Shout out to the neighbors cat that sneaks into our backyard. You might be my most consistent friend for like 7 years
 is “Dottie” I mean your sister-in-law ready for HBO’s spesh “The Great Depresh” on October 5th by our beloved  ?
Thanks Bear!! If anyone is interested in, we just added a second show to our lineup. Tues: System Check, an AEW analytics show Fri: Hit The Books, a realistic fantasy booking show Come check us out!
Whoop! Whoop! End of day report for 30/09/2019. Over 400 million tweets analysed. *The Positive Case for the Union* was not found.
in 43 days i turn 22 and made in the a.m. turns 4. beautiful
Also, I know that the anatomy is totally wack, please just let me draw clothes... I beg of you...
Hi . You're a real neat dude. And on the off chance you're ever kicking round Australia somewhere I'd love to buy you a beer and shoot the shit
If any of you #TexasRangers fans follow the farm system.....be sure to follow  .
I allready believed it, but now I am sure YOU got help from Putin to get elected, now YOU want help from the Ukraine to get a 2nd term. You talk about fake news and corrupt Bidens. Well you are fake and corrupt. America deserve a better and honoust president. And you are neither!
Do you know the pulse of your team? Discover it with #DISC Group Dynamics Report and understand how the most prevalent personality styles influence and affect your team and business success: https://discinsights.com/group-dynamics-report.html … #DISCteams #teambuilding
I went out Saturday for my friend birthday everybody was looking for me I was in the section eating Bihhhh my baby was kicking lol
3) There are green lights at each end of the scorer's table, they have to do with the NBA's new challenge system. 4) Mike D'Antoni said the challenge system is available for tonight's game, but he doesn't plan on utilizing it, though he will at some point in preseason
Satire or not, he's still making fun of him just for the fact he's happy.
I can understand your 3 year old not getting it as I find a lot of adults are the same way. Better add lol
Trump Pressed Australian Leader to Help Barr Investigate Mueller Inquiry’s Origins - The New York Times https://www.nytimes.com/2019/09/30/us/politics/trump-australia-barr-mueller.html …
I agree with u but what happens to knowledge e.g. African Studies that the coloniser could not understand but has now been taken over and changed to use language that has made English written thought inaccessible? What’s the role of scholars here in making knowledge accessible?
Today is the day I truly fell in love, but things happen in the name of the lord for a reason.
You can not tell me Nurkic is the deciding factor between winning the series and getting swept lmao what
Just follow Fraser I'm sure that prick will know where all the best 'shit on the workers' fringe events are.
the institution of marriage was created for and by them
Don't forget to support your Intramural teams in all the sports this season! 3v3 Basketball is played Tuesday & Wednesday nights at JL Gym
 I read something about Leah’s diet, when you get time can you share the things she did and didn’t eat?
#HellsKitchen Monday's. This season is great because the intro has the lyrics. S:14 Ep:2 #gordonramsay
Atlassian co-founder Mike Cannon-Brookes will invest part of his personal wealth in a $25 billion project (SunCable) to create the world's biggest solar farm. https://buff.ly/2nxq3Ep #atlassian #climatechange #sustainability
Everyone born of God Over-comes the world. this is the victory that has overcome the world, even our FAITH I john 5:4
Set 2! Thank You! Lucas and Mark and in the Dreamies Chenle
Be more like Jesus and less of this world. He wants you to grow in the likeness of His character
I wasn't trying to dog the kid. I to went to a public school. My point. Seeing how the people he was suppose to protect lives. He needs a hard lesson in civility
No full back to complement his runs and passes, all the midfielders he should be switching play with are holding players and a DM. Imagine a Ramsey with this guy though. Maybe Bellerin will lighten him up sha
Agreed Because this whole get trump thing here's took in people off the target of what has to be dealt with welcome to tit for tatt wars And they wonder why people are acting up in this country or anywhere in the world
This is I love Scholarship and loathe Academic - the former offer pursuit of purest-intellectual curiosity (which on occasional may payout) the latter teachers ‘birds how to fly’ #Taleb
Dem Boys lost. It wasn’t a fluke. A 3x pro-bowl cowboy wasn’t 100%. The Saint’s Super Bowl MVP, 5x All-Pro, 12x Pro-Bowl, 2x OPOY wasn’t even in the game and they still won.
she also cured it with the boob job so how well did the wedding really work? probably not as well as the dog whistles
Rewatching Turn: Washingtons Spies. Great show about a fictional version of the real life Culper Ring and how people like Woodhull, Tallmadge and others secured our freedom.
How did you get the Pablo like but not me! I hope he knows this is sarcasm and doesn’t add me to his mute list cause I love Pablo.
Any chance the cardinals want to let a fan take over as GM? Can’t be much worse. Calais and tony Jefferson should still be here. We should have gotten the best possible return when PP asked to be traded. We need to start being creative and winning games from inside the office.
And it's not like Pratchett didn't produce his own takes on classic stories...the point is he did it brilliantly and originally.
Even in boomarang effect (old reporting) mode this could be the start of the Kushner investigation. Moving backwards or forwards in the timeline will be a gift that just keeps coming.
Get some wings, wine and watch The Office. Make ya night better than your day.
If ever making crystallized ginger hold onto a bit of the ginger syrup. It's great for putting into a hot whiskey
Tell them to stick it up their ass. Or you could go and tell the truth and wipe the floor with their asses. Either way, you are a winner.   (known now and forever as the parody chairman) and the rest have nothing to stand on.
So proud to present the first Catalyst Chat at the Adobe APAC summit for 2019. Hope I’ve inspired others to engage in community building. #createEdu #aussieED #edtech #pln #TAFENSW #CreativeIdeation
We won't get M4A (hard) or any of the easy stuff AND economic populism will be lost to the right for the foreseeable future. That's what happens when the left supports Lizard Warren or AOC. Polarization rather than realignment guarantees losses and "pragmatic" economic and
yes. i’ve been casually scrolling through the timeline many times before and lost my breath at a beautiful sight. it ended up being me. smh.
LRT MY GUESS WAS RIGHT ABOUT THE LINK BETWEEN YAMAPI AND WILL SMITH!!! Happy for him!! :))
And sometimes you could have had an arc about Wally, our Everyman character being a hero, always being fun & heroic with his great superhero Uncle in law always there to help. But we don't have that. We won't get that. And that is why DC has pretty much tanked the Flash franchise
First time I watched back in May , I couldn’t get past the first episode without gettin mad and punching stuff . Had to watch it the next day
I find the funny in everything. Not my problem if you choose to be the rain on the parade.
Praise The Lord. It was great Blessed Sunday service. God bless True Light Church ministries. God is so good to us. Many blessings. http://www.biblesforpakistan.com/
Tots all the way because the ole onion rings taste like sugar
Monitoring: Our engineering team has implemented a fix to resolve the issue with Block storage and kubernetes clusters and is monitoring the situation. We will post an update as soon as the issue is fully resolved.
I mean, I think it’s cool so many people give a shit about me haha that’s nice. I just look at the number of messages I have and I literally make this face
Allah is the best plan so don ever ever give up to make new better life okey
his entire frog life.” “He had three best friends:” “Milly, who never left her lily pad.” [Laughs] “Billy, who was always hopping mad.” “And Roger, who was arrested for possession of tadpole porn.” [Laughter] “So one day…” “One day…” “Andy saw something hop across the grass”
Looks like a definite #1 but who is #2 for the  going into the 2019-2020 #nhlseason. Can a team that has been to the playoffs so frequently make yet another run at the cup? Let’s goooooo! …
I too am enjoying this conversation. I should preface that i am also trying to be friendly. The way i see the rules right now is the ones the OP made in the first tweet.
how is it that everyone keeps saying cb is the 21st pero nadie dice como saben like GRRRRR
It’s my anti-anxiety/anti-panic/anti-OCD and it’s one of the only things that didn’t rob me of my personality/joy in order to work! I’ll be sending my love his way!
Yay! Nashville did this a while back and it is *fantastic* and should be the standard
Youri Tielemans could end up being the next Paul Scholes one day, United need a player like him who can blast it in from 35 yards out, don't see it enough at Leicester but he's more than capable of it
Lol, one time you find your favorite Sentai, the second time you find the only Sentai to date you couldn't even finish. Hell of a coin flip.
I don’t see that happening. He never admits anything. On the other hand, maybe he will see running his American con is just a bigger version of Trump U... hmmmm, hope you are right!!!!
Can’t wait to be w the people who genuinely love me for me and who I vibe with so easily
Good luck and best wishes on the new role, Amish :) keep on going :)
INDEED. It's high time these elected people start looking like Statesmen and Stateswomen. The're in Washington D.C. for a reason. To strengthen their states and this NATION not hang with losers who stop the PRESIDENT'S momentum. They have a judgement call to make here. Make it.
love you thank you so much for the constant support
Breitbart Donnie??? Really??? You might as well poll the KKK, The NRA and The Nazi’s!
Evidence that had been subpoenaed...so it was obstruction of justice...but it’s ok bc it was for the Queen
Try being the key word here. I figure you need to give yourself enough rope to swing a little freely from that big tree, have a little fun, but not enough you swing up, and hang yourself, ruining all fun. Move on with your life. It's just pizza
This is nolimit shawn, 2 years apart. If the drug not weed, don’t fuck with it. Nigga literally looks like every crackhead you see on the street.
These Low-Carb "BLT Egglets" Are The Best Thing To Happen To Your Diet http://dlsh.it/GwtdXbd
I assume in that unlikely event Pence would become President then appoint Trump as his VP then step down. Making Trump President. Then Trump would name Pence VP. The most peaceful and perfect transfer of power ever!
"Trump’s trouble is this: He seems unable to cope psychologically with the truth of his presidency’s unpopularity. He appears deeply personally committed to the fiction that his presidency musters massive public support."  Seems about righthttps://www.theatlantic.com/ideas/archive/2019/09/trumps-impeachment-plan-opposite-clintons/599095/ …
Keep taking down the shadow govt, you're doing a good job
It was quite a weekend for a lot of folks at WGAL – the 2019 Mid-Atlantic Regional Emmy Awards were held and WGAL took home five, including Best Morning Newscast and Best Evening Newscast! Congrats to the winners and thanks to all of our viewers who make this possible! #Emmys
The dims are floundering. There is noway their witch hunt will produce the results they want. Please keep draining the swamp and exposing the corruption that we face as a nation . We know we will win as we as we are confident in the victory of good over evil.
Some dogs find it reinforcing to chase other animals or moving objects as it fulfills an instinctive need, but this is only the beginning of the predatory sequence. http://bit.ly/2qI98KZ
Love is not about finding the right person, but creating a right relationship. -- It's not about how much love you have in the beginning but how much love you build till the end.
If you’re turning to alternative meats so you can eat healthier, make sure you read the labels first. http://spr.ly/601118thX
Overall, “bass music” hits a certain spot within me that allows for past experiences of anger/sadness/rage/resentment and all the above to release all in one moment. Read our latest student spotlight on XELA below https://iconcollective.com/student-spotlight-xela/ …
Thank you  for being the visionary with building #Digibyte for the future by preparing it for scaling once the future shows up. Why I #Digibyte.
Family legacy or the promise of Ivy League acceptance isn't the only thing that drives private school parents. https://clevelandmagazine.com/education/private-schools/articles/why-parents-choose-private-over-public …
Join  for the latest weather updates and use #WXForce10 to send us your weather related photos  has the latest news for you here: http://abc10.com/live-video
Listen to 's newest song 'Why Don't We Get Along' on Noteworthy, our pick of the best new songs.
Suddenly feeling like I need the world's longest vacation. LOL.
“Wanhua realizes that if they want to come back to St. James, they’d have to start all over again.” Parish attorney to the planning commission.
For laws, go over kid friendly laws like littering—kids litter with their sometimes. Theft laws? Give the consequences for breaking the law. Show the similarities and differences. Could this work?
 and  in the #BetweenTwoFernsTheMovie are absolutely hilarious #SoFunny #CoupleGoals #MaceToTheFaceAndCrotch
Thank you fox. For being hip deep in the sh#T SHOW ...That every AMERICAN will take the stand and
I don’t wanna call her the B word but wow what a fucking Bufoon. Try mo mag-commute minsan
Haha, I'm not ready yet, I'm not the biggest fan of winter lol
"The Left" is counterproductive for an actual escape from neoliberalism. What's affectionately called "strasserism" on twitter is your only path forward. As "nazbrowns," our focus has to be on M4A because this is the horizon
So, the 8, 6, and 4 y.o. gang took their nanny camping again. I say it like that because their nanny hadn't been camping b4 she went with them. They haul everything but her sleeping bag in their packs; they setup the site.
wow that's a lot of people! What I saw in Florence was a great contradiction. While some were there for the right reasons, a lot of them were there just for the fun of it, I must say. I'm not "against" climate change, but I'm doubtful about the way it's being handeled
I have some sympathy for companies sorting CVs for grad roles: logistically, they need to reject 80% of applicants without interview even though grad CVs are ~the same. But tbh it'd be better just to discard 80% at random on the Dilbert "we don't want to hire unlucky people" rule
That's a very selective quote. "Due to the confusion caused by his statements regarding same-sex related issues, I find it necessary to emphasize that Father Martin does not speak with authority on behalf of the Church, and to caution the faithful about some of his claims"
Serious lack of talent in parliament. Look at Rees Mogg, at best he's a second rate back bencher. But for Brexit, he'd have sat on the back bench untroubled by responsibility like a Dickensian Corbyn.
my family makes everything ten times harder for me then it needs to be, like yes ok leave everything to the fourteen year old, right?
Muse's "Madness" is up there with the best live songs I've ever seen. And I've seen a fucking lot.
Really liked Kaito Kiyomiya vs Nakajima, maybe my favorite Kiyomiya title defense to this point, despite the lack of a hot crowd. It broke the formula of most of his previous matches. Kiyomiya is having long defenses (averaging 30 min) and I feel like they lose the crowd some (3)
Bravo to http://Ancestry.com . They recreated this famous painting of Jefferson presenting the Declaration of Independence. They contacted descendants of the original signers. It is a beautiful sight, a reminder that we still contain what is good about America.
Go Chiefs...have fun and continue learning the basics skills..
It’s not the same. Nick hasn’t done anything worthy of there being any kind of “guilt by association”. I’m not sure why this is such a concept for people to grok?
The only reason Gorka should be going to Europe is to be turned over to Hungarian authorities for his OUTSTANDING ARREST WARRANT!
President Bernie Sanders will beat whoever ends up being the Republican Nominee. **Make sure to Donate to Bernie before the Fundraising Deadline tonight at Midnight Tonight**
We'll love seeing you on the dance floor, Daniella! Break a leg!
Reaching pro status as a Midwesterner is becoming a professional in small talk with the guy that helps walk your groceries to the car at Fareway #amiadultingright
 #500t hit the five digit mark, few tweaks along the way but working as good as new for #plant2020. #ontag
I'm hoping this will be the plaque to represent his presidential legacy
I cleaned up the spaces I frequent, did some praying and later on imma do some dope ass self care and reading
Got my summer package and BTS X PUMA Basket Sneakers in the same day I’m so happy
Ladies and Gentlemen! Welcome to the Donald Trump Comedy Hour. Watch Donald pretend to be presidential as he steps on land mine after land mine dodging multiple investigations.
Jesus also advises that look at the Kingdom of God as a child, enthusiastic, excited, but we are expected sharing caring kindness compassion and mercy. Atonement when you pass. Stand up for injustice, Racist Hatred, truth pick up your cross and follow the Lord!LOVE
i just posted the first face reveal i DON’T intend on deleting yall better hype me
Given that our building is at least 40 years old, is it fair to assume that the weed smell is coming up from our downstairs neighbors through the vent?
Day 1 of many lectures is done! Thank you Hill’s for allowing me to talk to audiences all over the world and to give some pet rabbit tooth advice on the side. You never know what question to expect!…
I feel like I need to create an avatar appropriate to my new handle. But at the same time, anything I would attempt would end up involving my wide brimmed fedora... because why not
They gotta stop pushing RATEL'S. Yo-HEY & HAYATO would be fine as early card wrestlers. Tadasuke should never be in improtant matches. The old man juniors are so much better than these guys and are the only thing keeping the juniors worth watching. (2)
Always spot-on with your take; gonna go out on a limb and suggest your attempts to monetize the Twitter success you have achieved through the #Resistance movement don't cast you in the best light. Might be helpful if you explain your thinking.
The Big Red win the coin toss and defer. Lions will receive the opening kickoff.
She said YES! We can't get enough to this lovely marriage proposal. Resharing from  "With you, the answer is and will always be YES!! #YouHadMeAtMorning" Say I Do in Sumilon, for inquiries email us at sumilon.com.ph #HomeIsBluewater #MyBluewaterSumilon
—had gotten to feel good. Then he’d fuck her, senseless. He’d put his seed in her, save her life from the snake. Yes. For all of his mistakes, he’d save someone right here.
“However, as Eyler helps us to understand, we have always known how humans learn. The question is whether we will design learning environments that maximize our students’ experiences” https://lnkd.in/g4yJcFB
Hola amigos I want to share with you my dress experiment. I had fitted every month and if the zipper doesn’t close then the ship hit the fence. No more cookies and more running and flamenco dance. I love you all #besos #charo #cuchicuchi #holaamigos #flamenco #fashion #spain
I’m not familiar with the area, could please give me a further explanation? I would like to know the reasons
The heck? Work life balance should apply to education systems as well. Not just the modern day work place.
Many directors or senior members of the team want to see #facts and #figures. They want measurable and #profitable #results. Discover why and how you can measure your #content here. #digital #marketing #analyticshttp://bit.ly/2Asvfwt
When you and the boys talking about how good that toast with the psu logo on it was
How does the United States usually deal with dictators? We might be in that territory.
“Grapes” are almost done. Just have to finish the leaves and then the shading. This one was pretty quick and a whole lot of fun. Do what you love and love what you do. #wip #workinprogress #foodart #grapes #fruit…
That was nice but I love the fact that she’s so sarcastic on here sometimes she had to say in all seriousness
We do... We scheduled Texas A&M... Can't help South Carolina never steps up in the East.. We've played AU in a home and home... Played ND... Have schedules with UGA and LSU for future hone and homes.
I believe Jessye Norman sang Schubert’s “Ave Maria” at the funeral mass for Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis. So beautiful.
The Whispers are against the democrats...Trump supporters aren't standing up and making idiots out of themselves like the democrats are. #Amen
People in Maryland drive like the lines on the road are just for decoration
Binged NOAH's summer today and got up to August. Some thoughts. I'd rank the three AXIS vs Sugi/KAZMA matches 5/4, 6/27, 6/13. 6/27 had great stuff between Nakajima & Sugi. This was a very good feud in a down year for tag matches worldwide. (1)
i sorta love the rush of having a lot of work to do
everything the dude is perfect #ONEUS #원어스 #FLY_WITH_US #원어스_가자 #ONEUS_LIT
“It’s time for a story.” “A very special story” “Especially for you.” “It’s time for a story.” “It’s time for a story!” “Sit down and listen now.” “Don’t be a Jew.” This story is called… It’s a glitch! You can be Jewish. This story… This story is called: “Andy the frog”.
Eventually all things fall into place. Until then, laugh at the confusion, live for the moments, and know everything happens for a reason
Working a lot of overtime this week, won't be able to play games or steam ad much as I want. Will try to get on Wednesday and Thursday at the least.
Just saw someone unironically claiming that water and meat is the best diet in the world and I...I think I'm broken.
2AM and we stay awake I like the purple hue of my tall French neighbor
No... Thank You! You’re the best POTUS since.... ever!
They should have known better. Women are mostly liberal, the driving force behind every single left policy in the West.
Im making sure i watch the inteo to #raw for that new stage and pyro. If it goes downhill from there I’ll tune out until Sasha’s match.
My body took me through the ringer The past two days of aches and pains but I think that was just a reminder that I need to take care of it just a little bit more and I vowed to do so because I should never forget that it’s the vehicle of my existence. #BodyRevolution
Trade ya Alabama for Massachusetts Massholes are the worst and yes get rid of the trump supporting NE patriots with it
The D1 Squad is Live on Twitch - https://www.twitch.tv/dgtlone           #squadup #ExoTanksMOBA Plz Share & R/T
Alot to think bout when he's talking... Well let the best person.. Mike or mercy.. My duo fav
Wait Jaden is really that tall? props to Josh I struggle with Spanish and Kyle for playing an instrument I only learned the flute and Jesse for being super talented
Dear French Open drawing please be nice to them and all the best for you guys
#TheHumanImpactOfClimateChange They planned the perfect fall wedding. Then a snowstorm hit | CNN Travel https://www.cnn.com/travel/article/spokane-wedding-snowstorm-trnd/index.html …
Take your time. That was just the stuff from the washer. I still need to raze the couch as well.
Maybe if you increase the clone commando's re load Time to be a little faster but he's still my go to reinforcement
The puppy only likes Venus’ boujie ass grain free fish food . How are u a homeless dog and ur being picky
They have a non aggression pact and act like a team at the debates.
used to be the same way, anyone with yeezus in their top 3 is goated tbf
Applaud people going through the most and still being the clown in thier group of friends
My mom needs to be in Facebook jail with some of the shit she post. like please stop
Absolutely agree with both your replies. I should try the non-alcoholic drinks next time
This is like your mom telling you that you are the most beautiful child.
If you want the respect of others, you must respect yourself first.
Brooke is the manager at our location in Nappanee! She has been w/ us for 2 years “I love the family aspect, the tiki girls love & support each other. You get so close with clients they become family. its cool we get to bond over something like making ourselves feel beautiful”
Ughh that’s the absolute worst, sending lots of love boo don’t ever listen to what they say, their opinions don’t matter at all.
I'm gonna guess you didn't watch until the end haha
I can easily do without 5G if it even has the potential to set back accurate weather forecast... Especially im times like these.
Still a cutie and can rap..just be saying weird sh*t loll RT : B.O.B was such a cutie n the nxgga could rap whelp
10pm Belly Room  is live & streaming with   + The Ding Dongers! This is a FREE show! https://www.eventbrite.com/e/69660852485 #thecomedystore
So I switched from amphetamine salts to methylphenidate and... I think I like it? I felt much less pressure at work. Hard to explain. No huge nausea inducing jolt when I take it either. Though the nausea is still there. Anyhow. Just interesting.
I thought she was supposed to be the best NZ had to offer, she was so worldly
If Sanders was to change as the Corporate Media wishes, they would immediately say he's a flip-flopper!
In order for the House to protect America from enemies foreign and domestic the law requires us to throw the entire Jihad Squad out of our country. I assure you that 250 million Americans will support the President once the IG and Durham release their findings.
The vast majority of voters do not have ideologies. Most voters vote based on cultural cues. This includes most Bernie voters. Bernie could easily pick up more people who aren't lefties.
Tonight Mon 9-10pm est. Facebook Live Bible Study: Gifts of The Holy Spirit w/ Prophetess Elonda Ingram. Faith, Healing, Miracles.
- soul hurts just thinking about you with anyone that isn't me. With you giving someone else attention that isn't me. Loving someone else, kissing someone else. Wanting someone else.] Just like I think you will.. so many beautiful women out there and you're such a catch. [The -
You’re right and I have made tremendous strides in knowing how to communicate when I am upset. And I am at the point now where I don’t let things bother me for a long time. And it feels so good because I can have a better relationship with my wife, family, and friends.
This has been the best thing I’ve been told today, and that makes me so very happy ilysm
He was a superior court judge in NJ , in other words he was a county judge! Nap the Quack!
#ATPCOElevate has officially begun! We hope you’re enjoying the welcome reception as much as we are.
 the ability to teach someone to read,if you think about it,its almost a miracle
Hi there. We're sorry to hear that a specific feature didn't work out for you. Please check the following help article to know more about how to turn off the "Reminders to Move" feature on your device: . Let us know if you have further questions.
Lmfaoooooo very very true. I honestly dont even know what I would do to that song in general tho like it’s perfect. I’d need the acapella if I considered flippin it
The babies are escaping! #OhNo #ThisAM #pomchi #love #pomeranian #chihuahua
You have no right to speak to a true American who is protecting the country.
Feel like winning a new Macbook Pro 15? Enter the Giveaway from  #Vectornator #MacOS #Catalina #Giveaway #Apple #Macbookhttps://wn.nr/FUTF3p
this is so funny jfkfoekeoikekdjdjsjsdjdj the end keidjekekdkkdkdjjd
 this episode is an odd deviation from the normal history podcasts, but super interesting and hilarious. https://castbox.fm/vb/177182091  #podcast #audiobooks
YOU are willing to tear this country apart moron! YOU want to cripple our freedom of speech, strip our right to arm ourselves and complete the first coupes in the history of our country.
Hello are you willing to sell to the US? I want the Seungyoun set.
Worked really hard and made the Dean’s List. Proud of myself
tje first time i went over to my boss' house i was just on the floor playin w her cat and she was like ERICA YOU DONT HAVE TO SIT ON THE FLOOR GET UP and i was like BUT DEBBIE YOUR KITTY
Creative Writing, Acrylic Painting, Singing, Anime, reading, Disney, TMNT, classic sitcoms,...all of my interests never leave me but they do take it in turns to be num 1 focus for a while. The only consistents are my family and my fur-babies.
The Voice and Dancing with the Stars starts now :) #MondayNightTV
Wish our favorite bull was able to join us at the waterpark!
try not to cry and smile at the same time challenge
PLEASE keep tweeting, Mr. Trump, you are helping to build the case for your #impeachment!
I think he knows better too. He’s a lawyer and was part of the Clinton impeachment. He knows how this works. The real question for me is, why is he doing this? As a constituent, I just can’t wrap my brain around it.
hi,, i just stumbled upon your tweet,,, let's be mutuals from now on,,,, sending my deepest prayers to you in the name of God (...and X1) you'll get better. rest & stay hydrated since it's really important. ♡
guys i haven’t listened to most of the songs on the jobros new album and im seeing them on sunday fuckdjfj i gotta play that thing on loop
#InternationalPodcastDay My fav podcasts that make me cry laughing in the car that no one asked for: Jenna & Julien  Stiff Socks   This Might Get Weird
CASSIE Dog friendly, sweet and playful! How has this girl not found her person? Loved being able to spend time w her again! — at All About The Pawz
If the Steelers are gonna win tonight then I just wanna see Minkah Fitzpatrick get run over again
Are they just doing a flypast of the bridge or will be fly around the bay and over other landmarks like Alcatraz ?
please take a moment from streetscaping arguments to consider the best column from  this weekendhttps://missionlocal.org/2019/09/dysfunctional-failing-behavioral-health-center-feels-like-a-microcosm-of-all-san-francisco/ …
Personally I don't like them. But I get the recruiting part. Also don't have a problem with them wearing these.
No. We must not waste our magic in such a way. We never know when disaster may strike and we may have to use them.
O...M...G...Why do people have to pick apart everything OTHER people do. , Dude...YOU rock your characters incredibly and passionately and I have much respect for you and the fantastic job you do! Well done!
Or that it didn't happen at all... we continue to praise false reports and fake news (smollett, Ford etc) and convict the innocent without evidence (the three boys who did nothing, kavanaugh etc). She should pay a price and the MSM should do retraction the same length as report
How about our entire Justice Dept being fixated on what the catalyst was for the Mueller investigation? More are coming in while Trump sent Barr to Europe for this and when Trump is asking Australia questions about it as well.
The whole world loves chicken noodle soup, with a soda on the side, amazing, I'm so proud to be an ARMY right now
who ever knew that being only 15 feet from Post Malone and him grabbing my hand would make up my mind that HES THE MAN I WANNA MARRY ONE DAY
Elizabeth Warren, while miles better than the rest of the democratic field on domestic policy outside of Bernie, would maintain and shelter the international MIC and cost millions of lives abroad. https://www.politico.com/story/2015/02/elizabeth-warren-defense-massachusetts-115157 …
being at western for a week has made me want to join the bandwagon of every fucking girl owning doc martens
They're all part of the Marxist Global 'Climate' Coup. Using Environmentalism to take over the world. No Borders No ownership of property/business No energy No freedom All for the good cause of the environment (and Politicians back pocket now that we're their Serfs).
We watch these movies year round but it’s about to be Chars favorite time of the year.
#FascistGate #TrumpismGate #GopGate (cuz yeah) #PerfectGate THAT'S it! I think that's the winner!
A perfect example ^^^ .. almost like they just wait for the opportunity to say something that doesn’t have any connection to the convo
I believe you're correct, and the reported associations of people like Nancy Pelosi with cartel leaders is quite disturbing. Her extremely significant increases in wealth on an upper middle class incone also seem very suspicious to me.
My next group show is going to set your screen on fire! Pledge and join the fun on  https://f4f.link/c/Ku5F
Justin, I don’t agree with all your policies, but I do appreciate your values. Hence, just donated $10. I believe we need people of high moral character, even if we don’t agree. Keep up the good work.
Let’s whip out the ouija board and scare up our loved ones!!
[Music ends] + [Applause] [Rock music] “Walking between the micorphones” “is really awkward.” Tell me about it. Um… Women are stupid! Yeah I fucking said it. They are the weaker, dumber sex. I can prove it to you. I like to practice safe sex. Why? Cos I’m a guy. And I’m smarter.
Omg! Absolutely! I thought the same thing the second time I saw it. Best Visual Effects of the year for sure! The character design was impeccable and made the movie better!! It deserves to win in that category!! #Oscars2020 #DetectivePikachu #Pikachu #Oscars
ICUEE 2019 is happening tomorrow in Louisville, KY! Will we see you at booth N2208? The EZ STAK team looks forward to meeting you! #ICUEE #workready #madeEZhttps://youtu.be/3zmepquNtSU
LOL omg, I do it out of love, also cuz you need to finish your papers almost all the time
Not bad. But you know they absolutely love the pathetic show known as 6/17 so they will most likely be in.
I’m sitting at the moment...and I assure you it’s not with Trump.
This is so epic and might be the first issue I am excited to get!
Also I took it a step further and for the very first time ever went to work not wearing a bra today. (Not a fan, but I tried)
trans girls with the joker makeup in their profile pics on twitter rn...... the biggest salute. heroes
You thought I forgot. But it is I, DAY 21 OF THE #AnarchyDreamers #MarshmallowHorns Volume 2 Kickstarter! Reminding you that as September Ends tonight, you better wake up... and support sparkly kids in love. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1839907565/marshmallow-horns-volume-2?ref=project_tweet …
 Father son kids will just play in the zone that they live. Can’t move a kid from W.A to NSW as a junior to be affiliated with the father/son club. I.e Tom Mitchell
 Your Billy Mitchell article was excellent, one of the best pieces of journalism surrounding games I’ve ever read. I’m curious, how familiar are you with Triforce’s infamy in the fighting game community? Because it was something I couldn’t stop thinking about as I read it
The only "overwhelming number" is the one you made up. And you are misrepresenting the article. And then there is Sinclair, Murdoch and a host of other lesser outlets with huge impact. Right wing "news" is healthy and in everones face.
Yeah well you thought the presidency belonged to you too!How wrong you were!
Imagine going to a voluntary exam review session and talking to your friends the entire time like a jackass instead of listening to the instructor
"suggesting"? The following is not 'suggestive' in nature at all: "The IC IG cannot transmit information via the ICWPA based on an employee's second hand knowledge or wrongdoing" This is a rule. It cannot be any clearer.
What’s all this bread really for when the economy fails.. lol
Congrats to our Players of the Week against Southwest Baptist! Offense: Daveon Bell Defense: Jacob Jones Special Teams: Daveon Bell
[TRANS] Vagabond reps said "Thank you for the hot responses from the viewers, more surprising reversals will come." #Suzy #LeeSeunggi #Vagabond #수지 #이승기 #배가본드
The longevity files: A strong grip? Push-ups? What actually can help you live to a ripe old age.  Always happy to share articles by , and happy she mentioned the enjoyable book by , “Spring Chicken: Stay Young Forever (Or Die Trying).”
You seen me at my best and my worst. when I made the most and when I had the least. Never wanted nun to change
Why does every leftist Twitter user use Emojis in their profile name? It's fine with me - makes it easy to avoid the mental drivel they spew. But is is interesting, nevertheless...
Can’t believe there’s 3 family parties this Saturday all from the same side
we're never going to find out if skeppy likes bagels with cream cheese. my life is over this was the ONE THING i wanted to accomplish in life :(
"Heh, coffee is inferior. Tea is a refined man's drink." He rests his sword oh his shoulder. "Good for hang overs I've heard. But there are plenty of other substances to get the job done better."
You can just tell this is the kind of lady that likes a hand on her inner thigh... but not mine. I’m not liberal enough
Unfortunately, those are best places for promo, as well as London. The rest of us can only dream,
hilarious - the only way WARren could get some photos w/black folk is to go to the Waffle House
If you care about the environment, you have to vote LPC. Greens and NDP won't win and Con's may. Say bye to environmental protections if that happens...along with healthcare, education, civility.....
Did you know that the November 2019 Bond Referendum includes $30 M for safety and security updates across all campuses? Learn more at http://www.conroeisd.net/bond .
how funny i went to sleep bc i had a headache and i woke up to the president disolving the congress, and now my headache is back ughhhh
now that the movie is over she is back on her flopping agenda. Perfect Illusion was okay tho..
It’s not just the story man, there’s the music, characters, the world building, the pokemon designs (even ice cream and garbage), and the attention to details with the sprites which still hold up today. I can see why you dislike it though and I respect your opinion
you have to earn. And when you earn it you won’t need it. My love’s the type of thing that you have to earn. And when you earn it you won’t need it. I’m not gonna give you love just cos I know that you want me to. If you want love then the love has gotta come from you.
You still clearly have not read the article I linked. It specifically addresses everything you've mentioned. Furthermore, it has been whispered for several years now that advancements in passive radar tech have rendered US stealth capabilities moot.
Thanks for showing up on Sunday. The only WR that decided he would play in the game.
Oh yeah keep up the Biden"s are corrupt also. Not as bad as slick willie and Killiary but hes running pretty close.
The late, great Patrick Troughton! AKA The Second Doctor.
Don't confuse two Garoppolo int's that went through receiver's hands and a bad snap turnover for a good defense. Pittsburgh has the 28th ranked D in the league, but you're certainly welcome to pass on this play.
Trout is the clear most valuable player regardless. He put up better stats in less time. It’s like saying Emmitt Smith is better than Barry Sanders. You can say it if you want but it’s not true. Bregman is not Mike Trout. All star, silver slugger, sure. Great ball player.
Him talking about the special performance makes me wonder when they'll post the full Fanmeeting, VLive+ Promised Unlimited VOD watches.
STAND UP AND SUPPORT  DO NO LET THE DEM TARNISH THIS OUTSTANDING PRESIDENT!
Ok so we finally have the halloween party sorted and I think it might be the best one yet
La October namanday & u know what it is? New season sa The Flash, Batwoman, new movies Joker, Gemini Man, El Camino, Zombieland, new trailer sa Birds of Prey, new season sa NBA kaso wala nay BTv ug NBA Premium sa Cignal sakit pas gibulagan. Anyhow its October baby!!
Just because you say you're fighting "fascism" doesn't mean you actually are. Anyone can call themselves the "good guy" regardless of the situation and their role in it. Give me all the middle finger emojis you like
Trump and Barr have been urging foreign governments to help them investigate the Mueller probe’s origins https://www.vox.com/2019/9/30/20892260/barr-australia-durham-trump-investigation?utm_campaign=vox&utm_content=entry&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter … via
Being able to walk 5 min from my crib to this is the main reason why I like living here
Okay thanks. Sinusitis but okay thanks. I'm thinking of watching series four of Sherlock that I haven't seen. I'm such a night owl. What are you into at the mo?
I loved this movie. Kinda felt like it got unwarranted bad press. While it may not be the film Unbreakable is...it’s still a fun flick.
I vote for  of the  for  Save of the Week! Vote #HarrisSOW
You know what’s funny? She has already forgotten about it. It’s still inflated and glowing but she’s moved on (back?) to one of her many hedgies. It’s all about the rotation I guess. I don’t know - it’s very complicated Piper math
I love fresh fruit Been eating a ton of dairy free ice cream bars (which are AMAZING) and other processed desserts lately, but glad I opted for the fruit tonight #food #foodie #foodporn #veganfood…
And the smartest of all are only the women and children.
Don't forget about my personal favourite, the European Parliament, please. :)
Spent the morning with our littlest learners and modeled using visuals in the classroom with a new team. I love when I get buy in to use them to communicate! #ecse
Absolutely finessed over 500 matches played and you still couldnt beat us on the game go outside grinder
i love dick, the boys, good omens, ms maisel, the good wife, the good fight. já viu essas da amazon? na netlix to vendo metodo kominsky e gostando
Thank you for that. And yes, the golden rule is the ultimate to live by. It's what I strive for as well as what I instill in my son.
Outside of not knowing or caring who these girls are, the chipmunks are a better trio by far
I make this so much I can’t really say I follow a recipe anymore. One key to my success is coating the cubed beef in seasoned flour and the brown the beef in olive oil, usually in a few batches. The flour helps make a nice thick rue that thickens the stew very nicely.
This is the most liberal arts tweet I have ever seen and I am honored to be a part of it lolol
wait is the super m release tonight?? halp what time do i need to be up
I watched ’s comments. I never once thought he was reading the actual transcript. Seemed pretty clear he was “breaking it down” not reading verbatim
i feel like dont fear the reaper matches SOME f character but idk who
Are you kidding with this? Where's the America Online poll?
WCS was apart of the problem when it come 2 the Kings. Who cares about his comments on Sac.
The girls are happy and healthy. It seems like the sole survivor is making it past the massacre nicely. And the younger ones just follow her around like a mom. #60acrewoods #amaturehomestead #chickens #farmfresh
I love them All but #CloserToYou it's the Best Ballad I've heard in a very long time
Good the dumbo really deserves whatever she gets. I’m just glad she isn’t my representatives.
Yes you did. Everyone knows to be a true mainstream gamer journalist you have to play everything on easy and complain that the devs make fun of you for it then complain that the game was too hard after you just barely beat it on said difficulty
i literally have so much fckn homework and a test on wednesday so i guess i’m gonna be responsible and go to the bar
Seriously?! Is this the "are you goo looking enough?" method? also... who defines what is "good looking"?
Imagine being the monkey at the zoo expecting every passerby to be their friend.
Been there before. That's a pretty good description of Hadrian's Wall back in the day.
The only thing I might be ashamed of on my phone are some of the cheesier 70s and 80s tunes that I love. But we both know that’s not what you’re talking about. That you think this is a valid question to pose to “men” tells me what I need to know about you though.
One off the killchain. I’m getting one tonight I promise
I really feel like some of the shots from TFA were written the way they were for marketting/excitement purpose “Chewie we’re home”, this specific one with the never-seen-before saber guard igniting after a small delay, etc. What do you think?
Massive shoutout going to  Thanks so much for gifting me the new exclusive glow skin Absolute legend! I obviously didn’t want to take the offer of the gift from him for nothing so please can you go follow his twitter and twitch http://twitch.tv/cuvvvvv thank you!
HER REACTION THOUGH WHEN THIS GUY REFERRED PEOPLE GOING TO YALE AS THE BEST PEOPLE AMSDKFDSJFKDJF GET HIMMMMMMMM
https://www.truehealthinitiative.org/news2019/true-health-initiative-respectfully-disagrees …. A comprehensive explanation about the latest studies on red and processed meat.
stolen from the timeline. drop your favorite characters from anything and let your followers decide who you're most like
But no one entertains the thought, that maybe God does not Believe in you. You pray so badly for heaven. Knowing any day might be the day that you die. But maybe life on earth could be heaven? Doesn’t just the thought of it make it worth a try? My love’s the type of thing that
Brian told me I was getting complacent because 3 people got a higher grade than me on a quiz. I’m here for friends who push me to be the best
Tell us about yourself 1- Fiona Nel V Pacatang 2- hapit na ma taken 3- rex orange county songs 4- 3547 5- messenger 6- J 7- hnhs 8- filipino 9- none 10- none 11- sidechicks 12- 2018 13- siya 14- talented when it comes sa outfit outfit Drop an emoji for the questions
I am worried he gets off "Scott Free" and is still in a position to poison the water with his rallies and rhetoric. Who will negotiate the deal and who approves it?
I’m joking I do care about other characters but I just want the show to focus more on el and the byers . I do care about nancy, mike, dustin, lucas etc
Fulltime: Veracruz 1-1 Chivas Chivas with a lot of chances on the final stretch but just couldn’t convert. At least they extend their undefeated streak to 6, and bring home a point. They now have 13 days to rest and prepare for the final third of the tournament.
I would use the name human spider, but that sounds like it comes from a horror movie. Lol
So investigating crimes committed by dem candidates is called advancing his personal political interests??? Those are the interests of all American citizens!!! Let’s drain the filthy swamp in Washington DC
Yeah, ok, realized the video was attached…stupid beetle…
For the love of God at what point did the Trump regime think they had the right to involve other countries in their criminality?
I normally make it with fresh onion and tomatoes but when I don’t have that on hand, this is the other way I make it!
Corporate employee breakdown: 80% don't give a fuck about their job or the company 15% are executive management ball-lickers 5% make money off of the other 95%
Ready to work? Hit me up if the answer is "not yet."
Watched the show The 100 on Netflix. Was playing some catch up. Only have two season to get thru now.
I can't get past the hat. Is there a kid wearing it? #MATH So many funny comments, so little time.
“Rent stabilization and the long-run supply of housing.” A. McFarlane, Regional Science and Urban Economics, 33:3, May 2003, p305-333. DOI: https://doi.org/10.1016/S0166-0462(02)00031-5 …. PDF:  Model finds immediate rent stabilization doesn't affect dev, but LLs capture benefit
Now seems like a good time to remind everyone that on the Zelensky call Trump asked about the DNC server before he asked about Hunter Biden
this is Iron Bull erasure. his outfit has the best Accessories* *I am not referring to clothing
West Side students thoroughly enjoyed Officer Samantha Maney of the Elizabethton Police Department speaking about bullying today! Thanks for your service and protection of our school!
#NP on #WRRR Garrett - The Island http://tunein.com/radio/Rhythm-Rave-Rock-s198853/ …
I hope I get an email to go to Niall’s nyc event. It seems a lot of people rsvp without knowing if they can go like where is the logic in that
Happy Nigeria at 59th my peoole. I wish you all the good things you wish yourself. Keep living , keep praying for Nigeria and keep believing in a better Nigeria to come, there is truly a green light shinning at...
Super Hot is a game basically based around hypnosis and mind control through the hive mind. It's hella hot.
By the time they start focusing on him again Garou is going to be so powerful he gets the paws put on him for a min
Genetic epilepsy syndromes are more than seizures! We are advocating for families who face the challenges of navigating the health system and #ndis for better supports #scn2a #geneticepilepsy #syngap
Catch John Oliver break down why drug compounding pharmacies need stronger oversight? Dive into the issue with our research that's cited on #LastWeekTonight https://pew.org/2nY7SYw
The RUSSELL album, there are some of my best written songs on there! (Pink hair 85 to name one)
You all should just put Stan aside and tell this guy the truth. Joro no be am at all. At all at all collect song writers.
They will affect the economy though, iran was was lucky in the sense ot learned very early after the revolution to make everything for its defense inside the country and never had a us marrket that it relied on .if iran was weak , the neo cons would have invaded already .
#国庆节快乐 #China70years 祝贺中华人民共和国成立70周年 中華人民共和国成立70周年を祝います Congratulations on the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China 󾓭󾓭󾓭󾓭󾓭󾓭 󾓭󾓭󾓭 󾓭󾓭󾓭 󾓭󾓭󾓭󾓭
I am reading and eating brownies and living my best life since the goddamn presidential election.
i mean it seems like ur in texas and i’m in california lmao but i’ll spread the word
Well she’s promoting, how about you do the same sis
Omg! I just watched a bunch of them on YouTube the other week. They are indeed amazing.
I'm guessing he's a worrier cuz you can see the "berserk mode" eyes through the mouth....a bit creepy lol and I love it
Sid anybody notice that the wife of phoebe’s brother from FRIENDS is the same as Eric’s mother from “that 70’s show”. So technically eric could be phoebe’s son
What is Farm Fest without Live Music?! Check out this year‘s lineup and be sure to stop by on October 20th for a day of family fun, amazing food, great music, and the newest addition to our farm… Baby Goats! @…
Me either! As the song says “I’m so excited and I just can’t fight it...”
Congratulations to the people who received money $$to their PayPal today. If you haven’t yet received an allowance then all I need you to do is RETWEET this tweet & DM me with ‘Send me $2000’ ASAP before my DMs gets flooded. Good luck!
They wrapped that womans coochie like some sushi. They gone pull the lips off
What excuse can be given other than planned to go away? step on to the black carpet now, its a way of life for Paki everywhere every time. Disgraceful.
 is finally gonna listen to gaja for the first time I’m so READY for her to die
Sexy raiders of the lost ark... well assless chaps a whip and a fedora it is.
Somalia disable people sufferers for exclusion for many years in any sector in the country in terms of employment, humanitarian, political participation and access to justice. Please read this alert massage from Somali Disability Empowerment Network. https://www.somalidisability.org/the-alert-message-of-the-current-somali-disability-situation-30-9-2019/ …
*me and my dad listening to 70s rock* My dad: NOT LIKE THE MUSIC OF TODAY! Me: yeah music is trash now My dad: YEAH LIKE GREEN DAY yeah dad, green day.
Sorry kid..Dumbasses in Congress are too busy running a BS inquiry..no time to get to the important work..
I really like my odds being on the Republican side of a #CivilWar #MAGA
Old and my new go hard like this too ‘Hardwood's The Shit’ by Hardwood Classick on #SoundCloud? #nphttps://soundcloud.com/hardwood-classick/hardwoods-the-shit …
yes im going to break into the film industry as a super talented screenwriter just so i have enough power to get bill hader as a priest in a movie or paul rudd as a retired vampire no i do not take constructive criticism
Is the #Pac12FB network free? Asking for a friend. #Pac12. #SB206
But you miss out on all the fun of watching their arguments degenerate to ad hominems. It's very entertaining. #HasbaraTrolls #FreePalestine #BDS
I wouldn’t say you’re a bully...but you do over power. Think most of what you say sarcasm and you have a strong personality... you’re funny, be careful getting the balance right and not coming of just plain mean.
*Posts on A&B Reddit about how I had a great time at Soundbar* - time passes - *people start an argument on my post about The Mid being better than Soundbar and "Soundbar isn't what it used to be"* LMFAO who tf cares....?!
The White House staff runs out to claim they were testing a new fast tire change concept and it worked perfectly ... best ever ... PERIOD. Fox picks up the feed and tells viewers we are all getting Indy cars for Christmas
That would be too easy. This way is more fun! My guess is a French version of The Orchardist’s Daughter.
Allah is with me. The Creator will help me, and the Creator helps no man or woman that doesn't help themselves. ~ Sis. Theresa #BlackBusiness
My in laws took my kid and me apple picking. Baby slept the whole time; I climbed trees for the best apples. Success!
— idk if this counts as an au but the ‘oh no.... there’s only one bed.......... what are we to do......’ prompt is a FAV
Sad but true. The day after the election, a former classmate threatened to shoot me if I didn't 'get with the program and support Trump.' For a split second I thought he was kidding. He wasn't. :-(
Doing no alcohol the whole month of October, cooked/ at home meals monday though friday, and gym at least 3 times a week. Gotta get my self care back on track
#Hi #ImMrMeseeks #LookAtMe Nope. You overestimate your propaganda. Most people read the transcript and know there's nothing bad in it
Monitor screen raster bright but the machine is not responding!!! Trudge over to the cubicle and flip the BigRedSwitch to turn the system ON. The mouse doesn’t work!!! Practical joker two cubicles over castrated the mouse & added one ball to his collection. Nothing new in IT.
Oh, groceries - guess I"ll be finding a new grocery store. And yes, I'm that person. I won't cave because you're convenient. You literally just lost a "buys everything from you, loyal customer" over $79 you'll recoup from the manufacturer. Good job
Congratulations to  for being recognized as Thinking Out Loud Defensive Player of the Month    War Eagle!
thanks for sharing! Hope you're having a fabulous start to the week :)
You can’t convince me the gameplan wasn’t the biggest factor in how that game turned out
An antique vampire killing kit that was carried by some European travelers during the mid to late 1800s. Nothing against you Vampires out there, Vampires are my favorite creatures of the night Just thought this was interesting.
She's gonna pull random things out her closet and pray it doesn't seem to over the top.
just imagine hi yeah im the boy your son ranted about every night and now i'm in love with him haha also i helped him sneak out and i'm also the reason that he didn't spend xmas with you! oh and i almost forgot, i also smoke skip classes and get send to detention a lot :)
Yeo,you got it. Guess why the CEO leaves with such poor scores from staff. And why staff always smile so much and are soooo happy, in more detail!
Huge missed storyline from massive win was the great job of the OL! Thank you Gentlemen!      #Browns #DawgCheck #DawgPound #WinUpFront
Yep. And that he will do. Yes indeed. America will finally be on the right track of throwing out the rats. Yes finally
The great eagle, shapeshifting in northern skies, awaiting to the condor, to merge and slowly blend
_ body, somewhat embearrased. "we shall..." He begun walking, not ignoring the hand but... Leaving it for another ocasion. One he'd feel more comfortable in.
NOT BIASED JUST FACTS MARK IS THE BESTTHING SM HAS EVER FOUND IM NOT EVEN EXAGGERATING AND THEY KNOW IT !! HE IS SMS FAVORITE
Could you by chance link the bands Bandcamp rather than the label? It was supposed to be release yet... http://Vukari.bandcamp.com
Thank you to all of the families who were able to make it out to Open House last week. We loved watching your child be your classroom “tour guide” and chatting with you! It’s going to be a great year!
What kind of day has it been? Called the Prime Minister of Canada “Mandingo”. I’m pleased with myself.
the way characters move in dragon quest xi's cutscenes look straight out of mars needs moms
I had a lil thing about a guy who reincarnates as the demon lord, and meets a bunch of beastmen who he has to convince to join his army (and his harem)
30 years and still the greatest show on TV - https://youtu.be/MWMnTOWh-pw
My GRAVITY RUSH 2 comparison was more on-point than I knew at the time lmao
Look who came in the mail! (ಥ﹏ಥ) Thank you so much Kat for making me claim him! The envelope he came in is the cutest!!  #ennceeteefb
This video is awesome-talk about persistence despite the struggle.
Good morning! It's October~ October is my favorite month cause it's my birth month and also the month I started stanning got7 I'll be 23 y.o as a person and 2 y.o as ahgase
So you’re confident in this one and it’s not going to be like the others that end up not coming through?
Well, so much for the conservative Stacey Dash! https://www.wonderwall.com/news/clueless-star-stacey-dash-arrested-dv-florida-3021224.article …
I'm not even ON the bill hader love train it just kept showing up on my tumblr dash. But recommend it (TW to some non-graphic suicide attempts). Trailer:  And yes, I love chill days at home. I'm freelance so I have to make sure it doesn't become a habit!
My friend Catherine and I do this all the time and it makes me laugh so hard lmao
I don't know what to think. I actually like the former Vice President and hope he did not do anything wrong.
Giving Brody a bath and doesn’t Lorenzo come throw my phone in the tub full of water thank god for waterproof lol
The nurse who gave me my flu vaccine with such perfect precision today...who are you...I love u... i miss u...
 "Do you really want to do this Cullen? You have been well, and now your not. You want to release pain, but this isn't the way." Smiling he then holds his hand and looks around.
Why Do Fools Fall In Love! Franklin Joseph "Frankie" Lymon (September 30, 1942 – February 27, 1968 was an American rock and roll/rhythm and blues singer and songwriter, best known as the boy soprano lead...
Gusto ko san magdrama coz of my frustration last night and as usual, I wanted to cry to ease the pain... Cry to sleep kumbaga... Alone... But God has better ways... He made me fall asleep and gave me hope
Trump is not corrupt but he can be a tornado in the way he deals. HRC on the other hand is a toxic nuclear dump!
friends is always fun, but alone can be good too, depends on my mood and what's going on at the time
Ummm . . . Women do this too, ya know?? Storal of the mory is don't chase shitty people. Real people come at you as much as you do them.
I know the process. I’m not a fish out of water lol. I’ve been in contact with some shops about certain pieces I want done by their artists. But, I should mention that my sleeve won’t be done by one person. This has been an idea I’ve had since I was 16.
Watch cable news.....after a long week of working I am ready to enjoy the mountains with my kids & grandkids
just ate the plant based impossible whopper at burger king and it actually wasn’t that bad it was pretty good
i love how i havent even gotten the email for mine yet
At least in those days the PM gave us a laugh, now all we can do is go back to bed and pull up the covers.
I find the Liberals in general try to do a little of everything to please as many people as possible. That approach doesn’t work with energy and climate as you negate all of your gains. You will never lower emissions with this strategy of governance
You mind sending it to my email? I signed up a couple hrs after it went out lol
What doesn’t kill you makes you stronger. I am good, the family is excellent as well. Thank you.
No better way to pay tribute to #JessyeNorman than w/ one of her performances of Mahler’s ‘Ich bin der Welt’. I can only imagine that she is now, as Rückert says at the end: resting in a quiet realm, living alone in her heaven, in her love, in her song. https://youtu.be/bxh-VTqNK0c
LOL she’s literally subtweeting the receptionist at the dentist
Exactly. It just fascinates me that no matter what your political position or where you live we all want, love, and are going through the same shit. #RightNowOnEarth
I just wanna know who wrote sis a check from one of the top most wealthiest county in Virginia.
You think I'm a fan of Harley everywhere? Of course not. I'm a Catwoman fans and hates seeing Harley in BoP. But Harley sells, and I'm not going to deny that. In the end, it's all about the money.
If y'all don't know I actually went to the same high school as  and  and it's so good to see you guys out here making moves too
Wow i just realized your name was on the letter sent to Ukraine, threating US Aid if they helped trump investigate 2016 election meddling, makes sense now why you’ve been so vocal lately.
Andi Murphy, Toasted Sister Podcast, and Monica Braine are creating the first zine about food in Indigenous futurisms. Funds made from the sale of the zine will recoup production costs and benefit the Podcast.https://www.gofundme.com/f/help-print-the-1st-indigenous-food-futurisms-zine?utm_source=customer&utm_medium=copy_link&utm_campaign=p_cp+share-sheet …
The person who made it from church point so I understood lmao
1. i live in LA and it literally hasnt rained since iv been here lmao 2. i love the rain so id be stoked
Thanks  for making the new spicy nuggs there really good.
Just the facts here “Ma’am”. We can site direct ties of RSS/BJP/VHP (Sangh Parivar) to European fascism and Gabbard’s ties to these organizations ALL DAY LONG for a week and not cover all. Gabbard and her Atlanta BJP/VHPA supporters 56’ worth.
I would love to dive into what's in and what's out of the budget for you after 147 vetoes. Gov. Whitmer's office has yet to provide details/veto letters/copies of the vetoed bills, and they're not available on the legislative system yet. Stay tuned.
Heath is good but he doesn't have that classic joker. My only complaint about Nicholson is the plastic surgery smile.
Bamike stole the show tonight!!such poise and elegance #BBNaija
I wish the subpoenas & testimony were enforced better. Too many not appearing or false-claiming Executive privilege. I want quick consequences!!
I didn’t wanna fuck around with marzipan so I made almond buttercream, I did wanna fuck around with homemade jam and homemade whipped cream frosting and both were good but together?? Fucking EXCELLENT I dyed the whole thing mint green & it was such a bastard cake but I loved it
I feel like if I burp all the water is going to come up
Hello it’s me tweeting about how much I miss one direction once again!!! 2012-2013 was such a great time & I’d love to relive it, except with a different group of friends cus I’m no longer friends with the 5 of them
Many more great nuggets of wisdom but I’m signing off! Thanks to      Live stream here, and I hope the video will be available later ://ipk.nyu.edu/events/co-opting-ai-race/ …
A Macbook Pro, 2 PC, chargers, 5 fitbits as gifts, additional chargers, movies, software, a phone (was going to buy another phone next week so glad this happened today!) That's just the tech. I've ordered furniture & beds & appliances w you Quick tally says we're over 12k easily
‘Not garrus but okay’ is quite possibly the BEST bridal shower banner I’ve ever seen omg (also good luck on the lead up to the big day! )
Your one of the funniest people I wish I knew bro, never doubt yourself
Meh, screw him. Best 10 bucks a month I spend. So much good content. Keep up the good work.
it was just easier to reach for the zero for some reason i'm not actually committed to it hhhh
My rank of Lover Album 1.Daylight 2.Cornelia Street 3.Lover 4.Afterglow http://5.London boy 6.The Archer http://7.MA &THP 8.DBATC 9.The man 10.Cruel Summer 11.YNTCD 12.False god 13.IFTYE 14.SYGB http://15.ME ! 16.ITHK 17.INTHAF 18.Paper rings
the whole song ain’t even out yet. no ones telling u not to hate on them,, it ain’t gonna affect their success in anyways. wait till their debut before u jump to conclusions.
Check out the new single from my friends in Our Escape coming out on their upcoming self titled album on Havoc Underground in mid October :)
Congrats on the type rating! If you ever pass through Austin and stop at Atlantic, say hello!
A6: Be prepared to give up if needed the work of your hands but hold fast to the vision of your heart and the passion of your soul. Each of us matters. Each of has a unique contribution that only we can bring to the universe. #ImpactMatters
My recent time in Paris made me want to see Ratatouille again. Just did, for the first time in maybe ten years. GOSH what a great movie. Truly great. I come out feeling both wrecked and embiggened.
Why did Shawn layden leave when PlayStation is at the top. Could be a career change... or PlayStation working they people like slaves
There’s still spots left for tomorrow’s fruitbasketcomedy OPEN MIC!! We have the amazing  guest hosting, so sign-up NOW! 6PM, 15 slots, 1 drink for 5 minutes, bucket system, LGBTQIA+ bar, allies…
Citizens united has nothing to do with this. My gods, I feel like I’m the only one who actually did the reading homework.
For the sake of there fans I hope so, but I’ll be surprised if they do much better than last year.
Bengals and Steelers getting ready to duke it out for last place in the AFC North like
 thanks for the follow! If you like ,  or the #HighCouncil then please sub to my #YouTube channel Pop Culture Pb  So you dont miss any of these high council highlights! You will love them!
Appreciate that a lot, Mike! I’ll be following from afar. Keep up the excellent work.
This is why I won't vote Democrat ever again , they care more about giving Sanctuary to illegal immigrant criminals than the safety of Americans. https://www.foxnews.com/politics/ice-nabs-dozens-of-illegal-immigrants-with-child-sex-offenses-after-release-by-sanctuary-cities …
anyways everyone tell me: what movie just means halloween for you? for me it's scooby doo and the goblin king like it's everything i want from a halloween movie
It’s listed on the Kino website so maybe?? Hopefully???? Make Jess get on it haha
Nutrients that were being fused by our body from the foods that we consume mostly takes place every breakfast, so don’t skip the most important meal of the day before engaging yourself into a pile of works
Never thought I'd be the one to say this, but I'm recording the first episode of my podcast this week! I've been looking for an outlet to express myself in the clutter of social media networks and I felt podcasting was the best fit.
"In short, the #ICIG did not find that the Complainant could “provide nothing more than second-hand or unsubstantiated assertions,” - The Inspector General of the Intelligence Community, directly contradicting the "president". #TrumpUkraineScandalhttps://taskandpurpose.com/ic-ig-complaint-statement …
‘Hesitant Alien’ Was The Moment Gerard Way Took On The World On His Own For The First Time, And Won ://www.rocksound.tv/features/read/how-hesitant-alien-showed-us-all-a-different-side-of-gerard-way …
My mama was a master at beating me within an inch of my life and those naps afterwards where the best naps of my life!
What is the best cloning kit in the market ? Price and performance speaking
Hi Carrie, we take these matters seriously and we'd like to look into this further. Could you please send us a DM with your phone number and the specific CVS Pharmacy location that you visited? Thank you.
Ok, so what, right ? Well, let's just talk about the last few years. Almost 6 years ago, bc of their business practices, I stopped buying from Best Buy & Amazon and buy 100% of my stuff thru you. Sounds great so far, right?
Yeah i see you meant he isnt Juubito at the time so i’ll let it slide
Saturday was my birthday and a friend of mine gave me this gift and I'm literally impressed with his talented and kindness cause he Knows how much I love all the gravity falls' universe IT'S THE BEST GIFT THAT I' EVER HAD
Quote of one of the replies in a group I belong to: "I believe in the philosophies much the same as Alan Watts. The idea of a grand cosmic benevolent kingly God is highly unlikely. More so that each person is the...
Please help us welcome the Angelo Leather Bar Stools With Chrome Arms. Available in red, grey, black, and white. Now available on our website for check out! More bar stools available as well. Ñ . Remember for a…
This is gonna be a rough week. Thank the lord I have a relaxing weekend planned ahead of me
I wouldn't put it past some people on that Senate to try and save their assess by throwing the Moscow owned speaker under the bus though....
Rolling to  solo tomorrow to support the boy  if you see me double fisting tequila come say hi
has anyone mentioned to you the idea that the Canucks aren't sure if Baertschi is healthy enough to play in the nhl full time right now? In Utica they can manage his ice time and scratch him once in a while until he's physically ready for the nhl grind
LOL...Breitbart is even more of a joke than The Federalist.
Check out my highlight - http://www.hudl.com/v/2Bpp89 game 2 went great team played as one and the end result showed it
This quote isn't entirely accurate. The founders' usage of misdemeanors refers to activities or behavior which brings disgrace or disrepute to the office of the presidency. It does not mean "petty crimes" like jaywalking or littering like it does today.
Yayyyyy the awesome cookbook by  "Randi's Country Kitchen Cookbook" arrived!! Easy, healthy, gourmet recipes indeed KUDOS We wish you much success Order your copy today!! #easyrecipes #HealthyFood #HealthyRecipes #gourmet #food #cookbook
Lost Lands was absolutely incredible, the sets were INSANE, the people I met were beautiful and my rave fam has been the the absolute best to me this weekend. I am blessed
If I looked at the Mrs. like that she would probably call the police!
Don’t you think stricter gun control would help ? Not everyone has the resources you do. I really want my grandkids to be able to be kids and not worry about their safety in school. I will keep pushing, thanks.
I don't know that it would be smarter to stay there that long, even without the risk of your mom kicking you out. If you can't afford to move out, it's totally valid to stay with your parents. But, if you can afford to move out, you're probably better off in the long run, imo.
no matter where I am my thoughts are with those still effected by the hurricane....  at it 24/7 big thanks to  for the update #theywillrebuild
Hi Everybody! At our house when football season & motocross season starts I need to have quick snacks available. One of my favorite quick & easy snacks is my puff pastry pizza. Top it with mushrooms & cheese or in this case pepperoni, the crust is so light & delicious.
The women's graphic tees are generally obnoxious. The only good one says "Desert Daze". Do better Target!
My friend Ed Gillies egill1991 just published his daily devotional “Scripture By the Date.” Soooo proud of him. And, he honored me by asking me to write the description on back. And, he sent an autographed copy to…
what's good for the goose is also good for the gander isn't it above the law democrat privilege 3 Dem Senators Durbin Leahy Mendez and Wrote Ukraine Demanding Trump Investigations Continue, Arguably Threatened Aid https://www.westernjournal.com/3-dem-senators-wrote-ukraine-demanding-trump-investigations-continue-arguably-threatened-aid/?utm_source=Twitter&utm_medium=PostSideSharingButtons&utm_campaign=websitesharingbuttons …
Yeah sometimes but taking an animal out usually fucks a lot of shit up, either with the animal itself or the food chain/natural selection. Regardless there are non profits that help conserve animals, if it was about conservation zoos would not exist. Its about the profit.
The Genusity Mission We are on a mission to improve the lives of tens of thousands of people around the world. By providing some of the best Health and Beauty products online, we make it possible for anyone to achieve their personal dream of... https://youtu.be/A4ZyyIvHYFk
I don’t believe he would tell the truth. I don’t believe ANY OF THEM #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachBarrToo #ComplicitGOP
"Alirght Ohkana, since you may know your way around I'll let you be my guide." Suddenly from somewhere within the factory it sounds like someone teleports in "What in the-"
A downpour at the exact time we were headed outside today for our first recess led to our first nickel hockey games of the year. I think they’re hooked! Thanks to  for the great board! #plainstigers
HAPPY TEACHER'S MONTH SA AKING MGA NAGING GURO AT AKING MGA KAPWA GURO! MABUHAY TAYONG LAHAT! LET'S BUILD A COUNTRY THAT WILL BE NOURISHED THE FUTURE GENERATIONS. #HappyTeachersMonth
Pea Pickers Brownie and Camo knocking “down” out of the park or crate rather! They are over bonded and so beautiful about it there’s no point in separating them. So this is how I work them they’re still close by but…
I coincidentally randomly played this song on guitar yesterday for the first time in years lol
— Her arms unwrap from around his neck and begin to slowly move down both his arms, gently caressing the soft skin while they both french kiss in turn. Keeping her body pressed against his, knowing very well this would get him all excited.
Given your take on this, wth did  hire her? It’s like these Deep Stater’s slither their way into gaining the trust of him & those advising him, only to have them end up being snakes in the Admin. The vetting of his hirings MUST improve!
I give out the same attention I receive, don’t expect me to give u 100% when ur barely giving me 20% bye
My wife has a similar tweet with me not doing chores on the weekend. Also fun
One day I shall become the legendary Jack of All Tiny Talents, Master of None, and then the universe shall see my true power
Another incentive to go to the zoo on Friday is to avoid John Smoltz. That might just be too tempting.
It's about time get this party started and bring on the pain and clean out these #Traitors from within our government. It's time the #TrumpDerangementSyndrome #idots get what's coming to them. #seekhelp #Trump2020LandslideVictory
Starting a chill stream with some Puzzle Quest: The Legend Returns! We're also closing in on 900 followers! You guys are awesome! Will we get there tonight??? http://twitch.tv/black_hrt
I think it's a way to cut out #influencers. It will ultimately force the companies looking for promotion go directly through , unless the streamer takes initiative & tracks their stats through an analytics co. for potential partnerships. Smart on their part, but shiii...
At first it kinda did make sense but when dragonball super cane out the timeline got confusing
*eagles fly overhead, toby keith's "Courtesy of the Red, White, and Blue" starts to play*
"Few people" isn't an excuse anymore. Developers are enabled to do things, great things. But since the end result, is a paid product, customers don't just expect, they deserve a certain amount of services in return for their money. 6 years of silence isn't that.
Lil guy is reaching for the stars https://gardenandpatioworld.com/lil-guy-is-reaching-for-the-stars/ …
Pretty compelling case. Who in the FBI refused to hear Ukraine's concerns?
First off, bb99 is on NBC and Netflix does have the rights to stream it, Hulu does. Second, Brooklyn 99 is one of the best shows Stan a man that went to jail with a cannibal.
I love how some people talk politics while completely avoiding the ORANGE ELEPHANT in the room It's pretty funny Motives suspect much
This WH got these chumps out here running all over the world to discredit their own intelligence agencies. This is freakin
Why do boys tell you what they want and then do the opposite
Who do you think will perform at #somethinginthewaterfestival 2020?? With the amazing group of artists  brought to VA Beach for his first year, its up in the air on who he will bring to the 757 on April…
the animation in this untitled goose game everyone is talking about is both hilarious and realistic (via )
Cost management are significant regardless of the scales of communities.
— the youtube playlist with a bunch of songs i like
 thanks for the customer service.... returned the headset I bought my husband and going with a new brand #ShittyService #NoResponse #Ignored #WeekLater
me not believing the words I’m hearing as my head feels like it’s about to explode
the girl at taco bell held my hand when giving back my change and called me baby. i’m no longer single!!!!!!!
Everyone please make it home safely and take care of yourselves! I love you and can't wait for another opportunity to see you! See you in the stream!!
I’m ready for the BEST week in PRO WRESTLING, I don’t care if you love AEW or WWE or whatever you prefer! TONIGHT IS THE START OF THE REVOLUTION!!! I’m ready...ARE YOU READY!!! #RAW #AEWonTNT
Catholic Priest Claims Climate Change, Not Killing Babies in Abortions, the Biggest Pro-Life Issue https://www.lifenews.com/2019/09/04/catholic-priests-claims-climate-change-not-killing-babies-in-abortions-the-biggest-pro-life-issue/#.XZKVAChbVvY.twitter …
#NuevaFotoDePerfil Por qué ya inicia octubre Chlomaki la ex angel ahora bruja negra del juego wadanohara and the great blue sea de Okegom.
Or if the Lions would play until the whistle blows! (14 point swing)
When your beautiful bride surprises you with the best grooms cake to send the  off this week in the playoffs. #ChopOn
most of the time i don't want so see myself either so do it and call it self care
"I'd rather Bernie over Trump" is just like the shit Hillary supporters would say back in 2016. A good chunk of Bernie's campaign is just using that same "Never Trump" energy but with a vaguely socialist face.
I liked the cinematic feel, Shadow was potrayed perfectly, I liked the scene where the explosion blew Sonic upwards, despoite the wonky physics the level design lokks pretty good, the Eggman theme they introduced here was a bop, it's the last Sonic game to actually use the cast
The flag raising ceremony in Hong Kong’s Golden Bauhania square is beginning, kicking off the city’s celebrations for China’s 70th national day. Only folks outside appear to be press, police security and the honor guard
Um- to protect the US Constitution and democracy from a corrupt president breaking the law? It’s not that hard to figure out, given Trump’s own transcripts. There’s a whistleblower law- have you heard of it?
Time for the 8 O'clock Face-Off  trying to get another win with their new song Dear Future Self (Hands Up) VS.   and  with their song Writing On The Wall Vote for which one you like better! #NIGHTSHOW
Why does this look like the chick who plays Darcy in Thor
I'M SO GLAD I'M NOT THE ONLY ONE GOD like why does she say it with an american-ish accent... i wonder if they even did any research like i'm honestly a bit disappointed
I had been thinking that Joe Vavra was the foreman for the janitorial crew at Comerica Park. Since that time I have been enlightened a little bit...
. On another note, great job with the weight loss man! Keep it up!
Thanks to all the Corporate Partners that came out for a fun day on the Golf Course! We’ll see ya in just 4 days #EaglesCountry
Kathleen Sebelius sits on the board of trustees of the Kaiser Family Foundation. Find another source if you want lefties to give it any credence.
They confuse loyalty with stupidity. I just wish those on the left would open their eyes and at the very least look into everything.
The fact that we put such fanatical faith in high schools is part of the reason our thinking is infantile at best.
Senator from NC  allegedly had illegal election help from the Russian Asset NRA in 2014. NC, let's send this corrupt tool packing in 2020! https://www.dailykos.com/stories/2019/9/30/1889009/-Republicans-Ron-Johnson-Cory-Gardner-Thom-Tillis-allegedly-got-illegal-NRA-help-in-2014-2016 …
I miss all my marching band friends even though I was never in the marching band
Accoladed Veteran Leadership: Dennis Gilbert is exactly what the #Blackhawks defensive corp has been lacking. Stan: #PackYourShit for Rockford.
Our thanks to you and the Ghost RL team for supporting ASTRO and Beyond events. We'll have more to share soon, good luck in the upcoming season! P.S. Killer upset versus NRG!
Good morning. Please be informed, favourite account list unable to delete via the application, need to delete from Maybank2u website. Thank you.
Had a #WeirdDream the other night. I needed to travel across country but could only go by plane. The plane for some reason needed to go through Dimension X and past Cybertron and also  was randomly on board as well. #dreams
I can’t stand when the sun is out but its cold outside like what kind of sick joke is this.
Market fundamentals too good to sit on the sidelines: Wells Fargo's Patel http://fw.to/2hFnIiU
Pieces of human filth the left are an abasement of morality and American values. Crush this garbage once and for all. #MAGA
It's another issue, but some sort of global/international taxation policies are going to be needed at some point. The internet has exposed the shortcomings of national regulation and taxes. Only small traders get clobbered, big corps escape. Osborne mooted this during his time.
People always ask me about photography gear and what to get. Here is a great way to get into photography with some high end gear at a good price. The Pixel Connection has a big assortment of used gear that won’t break the bank. Check them out and...
Lt General Riley Explains How the EU is taking over the UK's Defence and... https://youtu.be/UkPNfR3Z5Yo via
Lee’s Summit putting pressure on the first 15 min but nothing hurt. 0-0
Sorry to hear about this, . Please provide via DM the details of the trip such as date and time to further assist you.
Good details here from , who’s been on this for awhile. Gavin may return this season depending on the option he chooses. Once promising basketball season now looking more gloom
Haha. Folks be loyal. Sometimes in Life you just gatta roll with the dice.
“Even if you are on the right track - you will get run over if you just sit there.” - Will Rogers #willrogers #trains #track #motivation #monday #burbank
I would pay good money to watch Pete teach the rest of them how to field strip an AR-15.
Good father lmao also supports the killing of babies , make sure you tell the grandkids how you support late term abortion Gramps of the year
Lovely #handmade selections from the #BMECountdown to #Christmas - curated by #CraftingMemories1: https://craftingmemories1.blogspot.com/2019/09/countdown-to-christmas-2019-week-2.html?spref=tw …  #giftideas #giftguide #giftforher
Why isn't he under constant adult supervision? It's like letting Homer Simpson's father loose in the White House.
The announcers picked us to win! #herewego #PITvsCIN
What witch hunt? The mere use of that term makes your own bias pretty clear. And “biased Nadler and Schiff” - as opposed to all other politicians who are not biased? The biggest issue in US political discourse is ppl believing there are some actors who are not biased /1
Ok good point, but I don’t get something. So if the whistleblower can just read some articles in the lefty press, fill out a form with this ‘second hand information’ and get this response. - why can’t I do it?
I was going to be surprised if you talked from your profession but you got a meal card on the table, new contract just a few months lols. Not all statements deserve your attention OO, wait and play some diplomacy
comedy giving off that scent. And finally: “Mid October,” “with leaves spilled like colored pencil shavings.” “The streets dicing our town into neat, unfair portions.” “And me.” “Eating that pussy baby!” [Laughter] + [Applause] Thank you so much. Um… There’s things that I don’t
Spoken like a true boss. There's such a huge difference in the true patriots in our government and the fake ones. He's going to do what is right for the country, period. Thank God that we have an AG that has a serious backbone.
Congrats! You survived Monday. Four more days till the weekend!!
Like C Lewandowski said " I'm under no obligation to be truthful to the media" so we have to take away their access.
In the pre-Helbine Zoom call: Me: Okay but... wait no, I don't wanna ruin anything. [in UNISON] : NO, DO IT : -DOIT- : *nods aggressively* : DO IT, YOU COWARD I just love them so much.
I love lilacs. They remind me of my grandma and grandpa. They had the best garden and so many beautiful flowers. But the lilacs were always my favorite.
Proud Iowan and so much respect for the way our Governor handled the entire situation. She made right what DMR did.
I see a QB that doesn’t seem to play well until the opponent goes into prevent defense.
Look for a check in the mail in the next few weeks! (Gotta love fan mail!)
She's what actual gamer girls look like She refuses to get real job mooches off of her parents never cleans up after herself and is perpetually a teenager In other words she's the female equivalent of a neet
i love anne so much i would give her all the happiness in the world if i could
He put the movie on and I was like you just got that?!!! He said “yup! Today” all excited and shit
 You have always been part of the deep state but now you have become a traitor to the American people. If you were a fair person and actually worked for America, the corrupt BS that has been pulled and is being pulled would be investigated and stopped
Tbh it’s fairly small and chill we mostly cry and talk about how Yunho best boy skshsjdhk with the occasional feral hours
The new real-time sprintly is amazing. Great people. Great art. Great free beer and school you in direction,
Every Monday Night Football Analyst selected the Steelers to win. #Steelers
REMINDER!! Apple Dumpling orders are due Thursday!! Only 3 days left until the sale ends! Don't miss your chance to grab some! And  SELL, SELL, SELL!! Orders/money due Thursday 10/3, $6 each.
Hong Kong is in urgent need of reshaping the authority of the rule of law.
Hahaha,  can tell you that pretty much every name she mentioned that was gonna be there drove me further up the anxiety train. Too many amazing people were there.
Pretty cool experience the other day. The babe and I went to grab breakfast at Majestic Diner (our favorite) and came back out to this guy sitting next to the bucket. Come to find out, he… https://www.instagram.com/p/B3Df1I6Bi-P4Dn8ZmCGL1a-pglDcRymiZO02TE0/?igshid=lqtfgotpqbeo …
I don't think he is a sellout. I was never trying to argue that. I just hope he went there with intention to debate and not sugarcoat his ideas to make the grifters feel comfortable.
Personally, I never read any of Trump’s tweets. Mitch McConnell is the most obstructionist person in Washington with heart of cement. He only wants the rich to get richer. People are pawns or in the way, in his view. I wish  the best of luck in winning!
I have already referred two friends! Love the calorie smart meal options so much!
This could be the funniest and saddest thing I’ve seen in a long time. Nah, it’s funny! #ImpeachmentIsComing
The White Supremests and Nazis love you! How special.
Two years ago, my life was falling apart. My mental health was plummeting deeper and deeper into the abyss, and I won’t lie, almost past the point of no return. Looking back, though, if none of that had happened, I wouldn’t have met the amazing people I know now, and my life...
I'm not sure any of the SS they drafted last year stick there honestly (at least as a starting SS). I'm a huge Martin fan so I kinda lean that way as well.
I love hearing the pre-game MNF crew interviews ask, “Are you ready to play on MNF?” As if they’re not the ones who’ve assisted in its demise.
On a possible Brexit deal, Kinnock calculates he has “a solid two dozen” Labour MPs who can support the cross-party package.
also just everything about this and the fact that you put my baby first is really something i love you!!!!
I have very much enjoyed SSC in the past, but the prospect of such a meet-up is... well, I will be fascinated by what your experience is, put it that way.
oh i- didnt even read the question im sorry i just click ishikirimaru out of impulse maybe mikazuki though? i dont know you too well maybe?
I’m at the edge of my seat! Now I’m on the floor.. I’m shook. American Horror Story is good so good
I just hope that they give him false information, for the lulz
Yea; don't worry too much about terminology. I've written *LOTS* of automated tests for legacy code. And believe me, using static variables is one of the least of my sins. Ya' gotta do what ya gotta do -- to make the desired results happen.
[定期] Top 10 foods with the biggest environmental footprint http://read.bi/1FSoePy via BI_Science 1.Lamb 2.Beef 3.Cheese 4.Pork .. #cooking
Yep. Trump has surrounded himself with yes men; which is probably the worst case scenario. I honestly believe he is capable of anything to stay in power and feed his ego. #scary
Following you here and both IGs too. Thank you so much for the amazing giveaway.
Bridget, Great post! To answer your question, I think that the groom is indeed emotional to see the bride for the first time on their wedding day. Keep up the good work! Maddie
he’s had a tough life and still struggles. i don’t approve of his mistakes and some of the things he’s done but i do think he’s misunderstood. and he apologized for his past. i’m not one for cancelling people but allowing them to change and better themselves
Haven't tried Kollector's yet, Loving Kotal's though. I need to see how Snakebite works for Kano after the patch.
in your class, after all that has ended and you want to reciprocate - sure. but just know if you've freshly ended that relationship, that dynamic might take a long time and a lot of work to go away. the student/teacher relationship is highly romanticized and yes, there ARE a lot
Possibly ok strategy: normalize pursuing opposition research on an int'l scale...just as the impeachment inquiry is focused on same research in Ukraine. As for countries reactions: they'll probably get some aid package for cooperating, so they'll be pleased to help.
Believers we must pray very intensely for President Trump to push back in prayer the powers of darkness that are hindering him in Jesus name this is spiritual warfare that is most intense. Glory to God!
How do some of yall not shower daily the fuck??? Not that many people can pull it off in the first place, but also how do you not feel dirty all day???
Now Playing on #LionafriQRadio: LionafriQ Radio - From Kenya to the world Listen at: https://lionafriqradio.com
Thanks to google and twitter, I’ve learnt so much this year. From the planetary system to biology to climate change to airplanes to Australia and its strange creatures
Dude by fair the best merch I’ve ever spent money on
Like you wait… in the game… Forget it. [Laughter] No. You had your chance. “If I had a million dollars” “I’d pay your mother to have sex with me” “afterwards I’d probably invest the remaining $999.990” Ten dollars for sex with your mother. Comedy! I smell comedy. Well, it was
I will say this Jones did play pretty good in the preseason...it seems like it is carrying over to the regular season so far...Jones has a 95 Qb rating and 80 qbr in 2 games. Only time will tell. Max’s opinions are always wavering.
I’m watching The Family Stone (ONE OF MY FAVORITES) and now I’m DESPERATE for winter / Christmas time. I love it so much omg ...
Not true.. At all. Just one. Juul and Altria. Juul is an inferior product, but it's the apple of vaping. Easy, quick, and gets the job done. Expensive too. There are much better options. Ejuice companies, are not at all owned by big tobacco. Closed systems need to go away.
This is funny, but Messi should've been the vampire here
We hear a lot about loser's consent nowadays, but there's also winner's grace. Just two examples of shattering the social contract from your side: Miller 1 was the most ridiculous thing. It was obvious Leave would win the vote, and that Parliament is sovereign, so why the fight?
#rice #harvest19 hopefully will be finished in a few days. Trying to get that last hopper full for the day.
 It's a brand new month but still our application is still not serviced. . We already had an account during the second week of September and yet we still reached October milestone. I seem to remember digitel before with this service type.
When my friend approves of the cactus I have instead of the guy I like
Hahahahaha I remember being 14 at the big E, pretty magical time. hope all is well man hope y’all enjoyed yourselves!
A resume is like a shotgun to the face, it forces you to look back on your life and it intimidates you. But as long as you have something there and you can add little things in as time goes by, it becomes easier.
LMAO i never watched it all the way cuz i couldnt take it
alright I’m hopping on the bandwagon: - u consider us friends - u want to talk more - u wish we were moots - u love me (in a friend way) - u wish we were closer - im one of ur favorite moots -will never unfollow me - crush -want to be my friend
Thank you to our wonderful brand partners, Brand Ambassadors and the lovely  #glamping staff for participating in these fun-filled pop-ups
I just watched this lady on Netflix that talked about how we don’t like to let ourselves feel joy bc we associate that feeling w something “bad” taking it away soon. So then we deprive ourselves of really feeling it in the first place. Enjoy it Stagh u deserve to
From https://www.hopkinsmedicine.org 1.Vaping Is Less Harmful Than Traditional Smoking.2.Vaping Is Still Bad for Your Health.3.E-Cigarettes Are Just as Addictive as Traditional Ones 4: E-Cigarettes Aren’t the Best Smoking Cessation Tool.5: A New Generation Is Getting Hooked on Nicotine.
 Thank you, during Dick Chat, for taking the time to answer our questions. We had an interesting soundtrack next door, but it was still amazing to hear the different types of things that a director has to think about. Some definite information I will use for my films.
Why did I think this reply was talking about the clown makeup picture I was bouta agree “Yes, putting on makeup is not recycling”
There are exactly ZERO states that allow non-citizens to vote. More likely to have someone stuffing the voterbox in a red state so the republican can win. How did that voter fraud coalition work out that tRump started in 2017?
Well in Salem, the commonwealth was a British colony so ......
I’m in the clear! I love proper punctuation and grammar.
Tokyo is my favorit city in the world, you'd love it man. All your childhood dreams come to reality there.
Yeah, i dont expect them to ever release pre-saiyan arc content, let alone finish the full colour series.
It can be the ones that you love the most be the ones that hate you
i fw Karen she done put in her work for years and is huge for the culture but dude he said serious question and if he was serious it’s his fault for being not in the know but checking for her, you ain’t have to do em like that lol
Are your fingers faster than Things? Find the objects hidden in the trailer for chance to win $1000 in movies from Atom Tickets. Play now and c #TheAddamsFamily in thtrs October 11! #MeetTheAddams  #TMobileTuesdays #useek  via
Twitter seems like too plodding a medium to keep up with the news cycle now.
Next female I fw is gonna get the best of me and I can’t wait to be the best for her.
You know what’s fun? When you buy $$$in  homes, minis and displays and they decide to all not do anything you ask. What gives with the recent changes in playing music?
okay gamers, time to play the game "is this smart or are you just a dumbass?"
This i’ve been clutching my phone all day hoping i’m one of the lucky ones
Okay, I didn't know he got roasted and Erving look good lol Yeah, he one race joke was lit. The Cliff..
Well I'll see yall at halftime, gonna try something new and save the toxicity for halftime and after the game so I'll leave you with this yinzers. . .if our offense looks 2x better than last week..remember who's on the sideline this week with a headset on.. #HereWeGo
So, actual real government issued identification is paramount to the safety and security to a nation. I have to agree with you.
He’s the classic, stayed at the party 30 minutes too long and eventually was asked to leave guest, he fucked any chance he ever had to run for the Senate, now he’s lucky if he stays out of jail!!!
Do you live in the United States mommas boy? If yes he IS your President. That's how it works safe places lover
I can’t wait to be financially stable enough to give my girl the world. She deserves it all and some
Okay ladies I've been wondering this since I saw M:I 6 in the theatre and we were all up close and personal on the big screen, I don't care either way I'm just curious BUT do we think Vanessa has lip fillers?? At least her top lip??
How can ‘the best people are born in these months...’ get over 30k likes?? We aren’t in second grade anymore, stuff like this shouldn’t affect us anymore.
I’ve never played any of the games but I love the gameplays and it looks so cool!
Everything was awesome i just wanted a new chapter i hope they do for the other two dlc packs a hole new chapter or atleast a versus mode 1v1 or 4v4
We appreciate everybody for the support thus far. We’re only getting started #clothes #clothingbrand #trend #streetwear
 can you make a product with vaseline in a lip gloss tube with the applicator for easier application please
 wrapping up with #QandA from the board Join us on YouTube for the livestream https://youtu.be/LLUsC8rpBu8 #DEFAus19
right she just did the shit with frederick and im just like no . im bout to start hanging up on her ass as soon as i hear a voice in the background.
I know Zwei and Saga were compatible. Wasn’t sure about the first game but I assume you re talking about the original game. I guess they could include the compatibility as they knew the controller was coming for Nights.
Watching #GhostAdventures and I cant believe  scared  in the cell. that was hilarious!!! RT!!!!
The politician was wrongly arrested and they had to drop the charges once his video was reviewed, but thanks for playing
I hope and pray there are many more whistleblowers because after what I’ve learned in the last week, you can’t be trusted. I pray there are many more.
With the next pick in the 2019 Red/Grey draft, the Grey team chooses transfer OF from the sunshine state Cameron Kroeger
I walked across an empty land I knew the pathway like the back of my hand I felt the earth beneath my feet Sat by the river and it made me complete.
Is anyone else going to do Inktober or Drawlloween? I think I prefer Drawlloween since I like mixed media and colours. I have chosen the prompt by  !
the fact its worldwide peaks aren’t even that great but it sold this much a hit literally a hit
I been getting a package in the mail everyday for the past week & I just know I’m READY for Joes birthday
decided to support spooky season with a header i found on tumblr by searching spooky header and that’s about as much support this holiday will get from me all month besides watching scream and friday the 13th constantly
It depends. If the strobe light is as bright as the straight light, then I keep the strobe on since I'm always interested in voice as well. However, if the strobe light results in a darker or less clear image, then I turn the strobe off for the SEES. Glad you like!
Please do the roster reveal soon! WE CANT WAIT MORE!!!
Throwback Tuesday Also, fun fact: I flew business class long-haul for the very first time, and boi did that feel so much comfortable!
one of the circles” “Cos this is a metaphor for racism” [Chimes] + [Laughter] + [Applause] “When I walk into a party” “you’d think I was one of those long straight Tetris pieces” “cos everyone’s just like: Oh yeah. This guy’s here” “Finally we’ve been waiting for him to show up”
"Announcement! Jesus of Nazareth has now appointed one of his successors, ," the Church of Sweden tweeted on Dec. 1, 2018. The tweet's reemergence came at the same time as her appearance at the United Nations. https://washex.am/2oLuETV
I’m sorry, but to be honest, I got a call from the letter “r” and they asked to have their representation cut in half when it comes to Bill.
I think what makes Granbelm stand out among other post Madoka magical girl shows is that it doesn't feel too shock valueish to me and they're mostly careful to explain why things are the way they are and it doesn't feel like they just pull things out of thin air.
Lmao your so ugly go look in the mirror and you’ll have a laugh :)
I feel like the fact that I love it as much as I do should have telegraphed this
Well you better, thats the only reason I’m going to philly
i like how the quality changed what i just captioned
 I’ve played upwards of 40 games now on FUT 20 and still haven’t unlocked access to the transfer market on the web app/companion. The advice I’ve been given is to keep playing but this is getting ridiculous now, anyway one of your advisers could help?
OSU has more rushing yards the Georgia this season? JK dobbins also has more yards then Swift. Do you fact check or just post you’re opinions?
Thank you for tonight! You and the band were incredible
Talking like an internet famous artist with a few million is anything like the handful of corporations and militaries responsible for the vast majority of greenhouse gas emissions
The best part about moldorm is that you can get right back in the fight! So that you can get knocked right off again.
Due to this whole diet / gym thing I have no easy / junk food indoors, which is a crime* I went on deliveroo in the vain hope that something would be open still and... Got to love those names, there's no pretence there is there, they're saying exactly what they are. *A.Crime!
Thicker bottom so things don’t burn like they do with steel. Great for braising, stews, cooking items where you want to keep the brown bits that form. Also great for deep frying if you don’t have a normal deep fryer. Also can be put into the oven directly from stovetop.
Hey guys! My good friend Cody’s band is in the running to play a show with Bayside in SLC. Go give his band “Young, Define” a quick vote!
I've just gone live on Twitch for a night of exploration, explosions, and some daring adventure. Join the chat and be part of the Black Dog Brigade. http://www.twitch.tv/zackatk77
Made this for my favorite streamer Can anyone do better try it out and tag mocha let's see who's better at art on the mocha stage
You're right come to think about it. 4 years was a long time between albums, even back then. IMO Gangstarr is the best LP of all 4 (maybe of all period)
If you went to school you would know how our government works. Half the country voted Trump He is Elected United States President, sore loser`s. And Dems. must of thought it was not perfect or other wise they would of not of tried to get away with changing it twice.
I've taken up D&D you can modify the story to whatever you like and inject all the queerness your want into it It's exciting and social but doesn't require physical exertion takes a bit of prep work but with tools like D&DBeyond it's a lot more accessible
-- back pocket and began to wipe away. "There's a bar two blocks down that road. All the boys that worked on here are there right now. If you come here lookin' for'em, there's a chance you'll find'em there. C'mon, I'll take you."
Great question, I was wondering the same thing #EMOY
On the one hand, eeewwww!!! On the other hand, how bad could it really be?
when the boss told me to share the sketch up job with other.
Hey . You are hands down the best NFL analyst on TV and easily my favorite. Keep up the amazing work!
MN & NM became the 14th & 15th states to adopt CA's more stringent tailpipe emissions standards — and the 11th & 12th states to adopt CA's ZEV mandate. States w/ CA's higher standards now account for >40% of the US vehicle market https://www.reuters.com/article/us-autos-emissions-california-minnesota/minnesota-new-mexico-to-adopt-california-vehicle-emissions-rules-idUSKBN1WA2SJ …
what was his favorite part of the set of Chicken Noodle Soup? maybe that
Our directors and students are here to support our friends and bandmates in the  production of Anatomy of Gray! Break a leg, Thomas and Alex! Fantastic shows can always be found at ! #KleinFamily #Klein5 #AnatomyOfGray
The Sky and Water are Aligning for The Great Awaking .,.
6/ It is important to know the content of those interrogations, which should have been recorded, in order to make sense of the progression of the case thenceforth.
You Dutchies should hear more about Agenda 21 and the Club of Rome. It’s related. Here’s a good deconstruction of what is planned, from a compatriot of yours, Adam Curry, in the NoAgenda show. http://adam.curry.com/html/NoAgendaEpisode1177M-s4FrVSG6gjHllDKPPXgwdpQtNb4h6J.html#tabno-agenda-episode-1177--- … Starts around 8:00
If you’re reasoning and your ability to judge on a moral ground is as trashy as this, and if it’s gonna be the collective mentality of this generation, then humanity is completely done. Not for the climate change; we’ll self-destruct in the end.
Wow, Bootsy playing bass on a Sammy Hagar song! Everyone wants a piece of the funkiest bass player of all time!
Pennywise: “they got the man of yo dreams down here” Me:
thinking about the amount of playful selfies harry probably has in his camera roll but can’t even give us one
Hey ,  &  guys from the NW are going to be on NBA opening day rosters? Oregon list: Nigel Goss, Kevin Love, Terrence Ross, Drew Eubanks. Am I missing anyone? What Washington Hs guys?
Ooo! There's the happy couple coming up an escalator! How thrilling!
Bad news for the #ImpeachmentIsComing crowd. President Trump wins again
Crews are currently undertaking repairs on a burst water main on The Esplanade #Williamstown . Estimated restoration time is 14:45. Thank you for your patience.
I’m currently in the works of starting to make meals for people weekly (vegan meals of course). My weekly rates would vary based on how many meals you would want me to make you (breakfast lunch & dinner & #of days) but if this is something you would be interested in pls like
With my  on a bye, I sat through #Patriots and  and despite the loss, I have to say the #BillsMafia defense is for real. #NFL
Do you know if they like Casey Martin or any of the prep or upper tier college arms?
Congrats!!! How was it ??? I haven’t taken mine cus the people make me nervous af
While you think about impeaching Trump, ending FRV, and trying to bring back the National Dex, Greta Thunberg continues to travel the world and the Hong Kong rallies are ongoing. The world does _not_ stop for anything. XD
HAHAHA! I literally just spit beer out onto the screen! Breitbart! HAHA
The only dangerous minority in the world is the rich.
First day of the month is here! Happy 4 months my sweet boy.
The sultry leech shivers at such a beautiful pucker! She'd never imagine such a thing being pointed her way. Her electric yellow lips shine with an attention as she leaned in and gave that mare pucker a cleaning lick. Don't worry, a leech can service you. Her lips softly kiss it.
A 1-minute slot in a debate controlled by the DNC is not a speech. Anyone who thinks she’s smoking has CLEARLY not done their homework! https://youtu.be/L3CsMtUOdMQe
Are Monthly Passes the NHL’s Next Ticketing Innovation? https://thelostleafs.com/are-monthly-passes-the-nhls-next-ticketing-innovation/ …
Finally getting around to watching The Chilling Adventures of Sabrina and they get points right off the bat for using a CCR song.
Somebody at work asked for my opinion about ABORTION, and well the debate lasted almost 2 hours
i mean that's probably one of the better ones you can have tbh? at least logo wise
The pixel 4 can be worked without putting your actual hands on the screen (gestures) Google won this year IDC
That is what the article says. A form of protest. It certainly gained attention as intended.
We lost my dad in January after battling CHF and other illnesses, I always admired you for all you did for your mom and keeping her at home. It wasn’t easy doing the same with dad but it’s where they need and want to be. We were blessed to be there, struggles and all.
I don’t like Trump but certainly hope the best for his health
All the males in my family are bosses! Tf I look like settling?
But the problem is that there is no clear way to value what an incoming player's likeness is worth. So, a booster can assign any value. If a booster wants a five star to sign he can let it be known that he will pay for an option on a licensing deal. It’s pure pay to play. 8/
Those NDAs are likely not enforceable due to all the various laws that say the public has a right to know certain things about government. The only NDA a White House staffer should have to worry about is the one they sign for security clearance.
"Are you in the office today, because I would enjoy taking luncheon with you?" in 2019:
the whistle notes in teenager in love deserved better i said what meant and i meant what i said
The one time I wish I was in Fayetteville right now
Several months ago my 2 new books went to travel around Victoria and NSW on public transport, to be read and shared again for free, as part of the excellent project called  Has anyone found them yet?
To one of the most amazing person in my life - happy legality! We have been through a lot of ups and downs but always remember that I'll always be your dedai and I gotchu always! I love you
y’all aren’t gonna join the party..... #anaisfinallytallparty
Enjoy the down time with wife and dash. I’m sure dash is secretly happy
Having a class canceled is literally one of the best things that can happen to you in college.
Can you guys fix the constant flagrant fouls in the paint? Centers can’t play defense without them calling a flagrant. Flagrant fouls is too consistent
The Four Tops - Standing In The Shadows Of Love https://youtu.be/KAB1v-UgNF8 via
Maybe he is, the Morrison govt is still ready to hang him out to dry, is my point
Puppies in kinder! Our special visitors today taught us the meaning of the word gentle!  #proud2bepusd #welovepuppies
BARGAIN: Amazon has a great deal on the pre-order for the incredible sixth scale Skeletor figure from Mondo. If you’ve been thinking about jumping in on this new line, this is the perfect opportunity to snag a Skeletor for cheap.
My "opinion" here is simply me recognizing a historical occurrence. And yes, some of the Dixiecrats switched parties.
I imagine the local community would be better off. There’s plenty of spare gold laying around in the Vatican in any case
xiao xingchen for  ! Thank you very much for the kofi
I'm late for the 1st day of October tmshskdjdu let this be a good month for me pleaseeee
If the Democrats and Joe Biden have nothing to hide why are they so afraid of Bill Barr and John Durham’s investigating the origins of the dossier?
I am NOT touching this MNF game. Both teams are too whack this season thus far and not seeing any clear advantage for one over the other, or in the total. Back on for tennis picks later tonight! Til then, Enjoy the Show.
If you scroll through my Twitter I posted a few quotes and how they support the candidacy and platform of
I thank God everyday that my father did not raise me . THE GHETTO
Yes because this poll isn’t biased based off the audience at all
http://eafxrobot.com/ works on pairs simultaneously including the most major pairs, eg. EURUSD, GBPUSD, USDJPY, & some exotics as well.
Good to listen to member of the US House of Representaives who was ***shot by a Democrat extremist—- just for being a conservative.
"Do you think she's inside?" *"I'm gonna go check it out."* Nitro flews on the windows to check if she's around, heck even looking for Charlie as well. Cause the Wisp knows that is a sign that she is around.
Ok that's 12 people the other 20 million want you out please RESIGN
“Greenhouse?” The softest, curious stare was painted on her dainty visage, as her hands found their pathway to her cheeks in order to fully clean those tears. “What’s a greenhouse? &. . . Won’t I bother anyone? Some people don’t like strangers. . . & are mean to strangers.”
Watch This Heartwarming Reunion Between A Soldier And The Dog He Saved - Pup New https://pupnew.com/watch-this-heartwarming-reunion-between-a-soldier-and-the-dog-he-saved/?utm_source=facebook&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=you-cant-miss-watching-this …
Why do I love that Cas and Chuck Bass are in the same picture lol
Yes, give one to the greatest person in the world, me.
sorry for you. "God is God of the small." Like, small of the back. Praying.
This study didn't take outside funding. But if you want to look at potential bias...see what the sugar industry did to support the blame for saturated fat, or what seventh day adventists do for dietary guidelines.
#1800contacts tip 1. Take the time each morning to lean in close to the mirror, look deep into your own eyes and say out loud, “Dang! I really am awesome in every way!” it!! The rest are pretty amusing too!
It’s made in the Uk so I’m pretty sure they just don’t make it the same anymore. It tastes diet lol. Even the syrup. No matter how much you use
Deleted all the drama posts because that isn’t what my page is about. Spread Love! Not Hate!
like i swear to god if my mom holds me back i will CRY ... like ma’am The only reason I’m going is bc 1. Niall + happiness , 2. It’ll be my birthday present and 3. I’m a crackhead
The contract will limit what they spend and it could cost them, yes. This ownership has never shown it's willing to spend more than what it takes to get butts in the seats.
Power Weekend - 6-Max Re-entry Champion: Francois Semaan #Montreal #Kahnawake #PokerTournament #montrealentertainment #partypokerLIVE #pokerplayer #poker #powerweekend Follow the link to read all about it. https://www.playgroundnews.ca/sept-pw-2019/6-max-re-entry-champion-francois-semaan/ …
Centerville has won the toss and has elected to defer to the second half. Let’s play some football.
Two cars in the driveway, a wife, a dog, 3 daughters and I was miserable. I surrendered to God and AA and walked away a free man with a newfound love for life. Everything I thought I lost was given back tenfold. Now at 56 years old,I get to raise my grand daughter and help others
 sir, a humble request: Please read the tweets of  and decide whether he deserves your follow... You may please unfollow him. कुछ भी लिखता है ये। क्योंकि जब तक हम ऐसे बेवकूफों को भाव देंगे, इनके हौंसले बढ़ते रहेंगे। धन्यवाद।
I'll be back in 10 min! then the 24 hour stream of #ApexLegendsseason3 will commence! come join the Garbagios Bois!         #mixerstreamer #smallstreamer #ApexLedgends
Nomadic Arabs invented our numerals, “untrained” Ramanujan may have been the greatest mathematician that ever lived, Erdős more or less without parents, Euler was almost blind and still produced 1 paper per week. What’s your excuse?
Ive just done my first hostel and loved it need to do more. Where is the nicest hostel you have stayed
Beautiful view outside our station as storms are firing to the west. #mnwx #mankato
Well I happen to be a guy who has spent his entire career in oil and gas and I agree with what Chris has written here. And good for you to do something different...too many don’t change anything in their lifestyle and still scream from the rooftops.
Thank you for being our President. Thank you for draining the putrid swamp. Still winning and the liberals are still hating.
Don't get the lift,do you want to look like Nancy or ?
Trump Pressed Australian Leader to Help Barr Investigate Mueller Inquiry’s Origins - The New York Times
I have a google spreadsheet from 3 years ago where I was workshopping this very idea. Chad Dotson is the smartest man alive.
You dipped to a new low, you sound like you're grasping at straws! Plastic straws at that! Maybe you could be a janitor in the oval office for POTUS Trump if he allows you to!!!
Sportspeople are supposed to be role models. Of good behavior. Of Team spirit. Of ethics. Of strength of character. Recently in the UN, we also saw a former sportsperson speak up. As a role model for terrorists. So is what you're not. But  is.
This is the Democrat Party. The Democrats in Congress have attacked #LawEnforcement #BorderPatrol  for 3 years, even calling them Nazis and CONCENTRATION CAMP GAURDS? We are supposed to take them seriously?  appreciates #LawEnforcement !
You're probably haunted. Grab holy water and start blessing the house while resiting prayers in latin
'We're like the coolamon': How bush medicine is keeping women's culture alive and well https://www.abc.net.au/news/2019-09-28/bush-medicine-keeping-womens-culture-alive-and-well/11545810 … via
Dream audaciously. Have the courage to fail forward. Act with urgency. – Phil Knight #marketing #inspiration
Oh man what great memories. Outstanding. Bakersfield genre is near the top of my CnW likes.
the way this proves that changbin can rap fast AND good
I dont think I understand the constitutional role of the DSS again. Im beginning to see them involve in petty issues like Boy Scouts. A whole intelligence gathering organisation that is beginning to rival the police for publicity
As crazy as it sounds the winner of this #MNF game tonight is right back in the thick of things in the division thanks to Cleveland yesterday.
KDB definitely has the potential to be better than prime Ozil if he hasnt been already. He has the ability to use both feet, incredible vision, incredible passing, is well rounded to play all around the pitch, and has a clutch goal scoring ability.
Rip.. Where did he get the gun? More than likely his family. Guns in the home must be locked .. Better yet, don't own them.. #GunControl
Freedom 2022 RED Aidan Carroll, Mitchell Lloyd, Cam Light and Griffin McGovern we’re representing at the terpsmlax prospect day this weekend! #freedomlax
Some are doing great work but others are doing zero work out here. Not even the ones you would typically think.
A couple outfits I wore during this past weekend! The neon shorts were prob a fav random purchase of mine to counter the grey & black I constantly wear.  #SanDiego #Chicago #OotD #TwitchCon #Outfits
I think the next one will enforce the “progressive” policy even more. Japan is not the market Sony want now.
Just listened to the whole series, wow!! Any other recommendations?
When the entrainment industry took on the mindset that they were better off pushing their agendas on their consumers than entertaining them, they started the tail spin of doom. #RIPSNL You’re no longer entertaining. In fact, you’re hate has made you unbearable to watch.
Consider to Skype a scientist! We did this with  and was such an engaging and authentic experience for students that stimulated their inquiry when we worked on writing across the curriculum!
as Jesus' judgments were righteous because he based them on what he is taught from God, i.e. godly judgments. We know from the Pauline epistles that the goal of our actions should be to get people to repent of wickedness and turn back to God (which is also the theme of many of
being friends w guysss is sm fun , you find out ALL the good tea
Literally, my favorite BR loved embracing the jank and the game show mechanics.
Yes seems depending of the type of tanks and what there are designed for... Yes I am little trolling
My wife says "There's a sale at Penney's!" whenever we're near the mall, and it warms my heart every time.
Now we know why Scumo was thrown a VIP dinner last week at the white house... #corruption #auspol #scomo
Have you tried out Forex investment process? Believe me, it's something to talk about and I have made more profit than you can imagine from investing in Forex. Results speaks louder than words, check out the result of one of my clients who started yesterday.
Back in the game! Thanks georgeyawo!  Beauties Taunton Boxing and Fitness Gym https://www.instagram.com/p/B3Df0poFEgGZbCDDCbGpDz9j8-m8E33MH4e6uY0/?igshid=1kyo4tm4qe3xg …
On the surface this might seem like a bad thing for the Senate majority leader to be saying, but it is actually a brilliant move. He's daring the Demonrats to forward the impeachment complaint to the Senate, knowing that  does not have the will or the votes to do it
I just think it might be wise to open up especially in this day and age. Especially when "Breaking the Cycle" has recently become a thing thanks to Varok. It's time to let the chains of the past be broken. Anduin is definitely the type to break tradition.
I loved their stage outfits - the ones where they had half of the sides different
My five year old just asked if she could take a jacket to school because she though it was getting too cool in the morning. It was still over 90 today. The 6:30 am temp today was 73.
Maybe you should read the Washington Post. He asked their Intelligence Agencies to investigate ours. But you keep doing you.
Thank you Councillors Adams & McFeely  for hosting Ward 7 & 8 town hall tonight at the Wilmot Community Centre. Inclusive open discussion amongst a diverse group of citizens regarding priorities for the future   All agreed on a great community!
Those in our government that are trying to take down the greatest POTUS in our history. Will pay the ultimate price at their end. Gods kingdom has no room for corrupt people, who went behind the American people’s back to fabricate story after story to impeach him!
#hotelmaracay, #promo, Cheapest hotel prices, I get pretty much all the exercise I need walking down airport concourses carrying bags.
Sam ended up falling asleep in his arms. He snored softly, body relaxed for the moment.
One of the leading consulting companies is opening up a mall store for "tracking everything customers do at every point of interaction they have in-store" and exploring "labor reductions" in retail so they can advise their clients better. #futureofworkhttps://www.cbsnews.com/news/mckinsey-and-company-will-start-selling-underwear-in-retail-experiment-at-mall-of-america/ …
Not yettt! I keep hearing all great things about the new Autotune, I might have to make that upgrade soon!
THANK YOU! It really won't sink in until I see the sold sign on the front lawn
So your admitting that you have no evidence to refute it, therefore validating the point I made. Thank you indeed.
At the moment it seemed like the worst , but I honestly believe it helped mold me into who I am now.
most of the gambling matches have predictable outcomes. I tried liking this show, and the 1st episode I really liked, but the rest jus fell completely flat for me. 4/10
Please, ladies.... stop bragging about the douchey guy that hit on you.. it does not make you any prettier.. it makes you a female.
No full game play for me. Will be looking to capitalize on the second half.
Unless he just wants to stay or they up the offer he’s likely gone, because he can get easily get more elsewhere
Well: afraid of them! I have many stories told to me of desperate ones building up the courage to go talk to the pastor only to be told “oh, can’t help you there, don‘t know about that. Maybe go see a counsellor.” Good at passing the buck!
 Hi John, we follow each other. I think twitter has been messing with my account, have you seen any tweets of mine in the last couple of days? Thanks for the help.
This is my sixth listen. I'm at the point where I think I can boldly state this is my favourite record of the year with being accused of hyperbole.
Twitter be hilarious when somebody shoot their shot lmao “thanks for letting me borrow the lambo to take my girl to red lobster!”
I'm using #SolarWalk app to explore the solar system in 3d with great visuals and tons of info. http://bit.ly/2ix5ijG
Got The Chance To Go Serve At Paxinosa I Look Forward To Having A Kid Of My Own Someday ! #servingthecommunity
Please update to the latest version of Voice Dream Reader from the App Store. Please let us know if the issue persists after trying the newest version of the app.
What Does Jezebel Have to Do With the Democratic Party Becoming More Ungodly? 3:00PM EDT 9/30/2019 Michael L Brown https://www.charismanews.com/culture/78209-what-does-jezebel-have-to-do-with-the-democratic-party-becoming-more-ungodly …
It led to cundiff which led to a super bowl loss it’s weird how he only used examples that led to losses or crazy Super Bowls wins where a ton of lucky shit happened for both sides. The only time Brady got lucky imo is the falcons super bowl but he should’ve won the eagles sb
I legit love  the most on terrace house cause all she did was literally just draw and mind her own business lmao she was so relatable
Investing in stocks is the best thing for your money, why store it in a bank account where it'll barely make anything. While investing in a good, growing company will grow your money and net worth a whole lot faster. And just in general you can make money while you sleep too.
Bridget is a top. He's spent the last 17 years going to Top College
Lmao it was on the corner of her work to and she got off 5 minutes later
Emmerdale should take inspiration from Riverdale and have Aaron perform jailhouse rock outside the prison for Robert
has been up and down all day. Now its seems like its the longest it has been out.
Yes it is my dude!!! I wasn’t even hear for 30 minutes & I was unpacked & boogie boarding in the Ocean today #ThisIsSoBeautiful #HTTR
Guillotine homepage. I finally figured out they have to just click on any league then say they were joining a private league. They would then have to type in the league name and password. In short I wish I could send an email invite and people would just click on the link and
Meet our newest Spartans of the Week!! Please help us congratulate these students on their awesome Spartan Character. We are so proud of them!!! #spartanstrong #spartancharacter #WeAreHCS
You should definitely read the Lady Trent books. They feel like the diaries of a naturalist, but about dragons.
I know that feeling. Over the years I've discovered there is something about visibility that matters though. Even if you don't really see anyone in a meaningful way.
Number of bridges we need to repair in Michigan: 1000 Number of bridges the Republican budget would have repaired: 4 The budgets the Republicans sent me were a joke. It’s time for them to come to the table and offer a real, long-term solution for our crumbling infrastructure.
I wish the US government subsidized e-bikes the way they have EVs. Imagine a $500 subsidy per purchase?
Jus finished kakegurui. I wish I never wasted my time on watching it lol. Characters are ok except for the main dude. The main dude jus kinda seems like he was there so when they’re doing crazy shit and you’re like, “oMfG tHeYrE cRaZy.” He’s also saying that shit so u have
Thank you mommy for this day! I told her i just want the putanesca pasta of Pipino but she also ordered portobello burger for me and told me it was a surprise ( why not give it a try since we are vegan adventuring different places) Super thank you again mommy
shit i mean everything has gotten better over the past 3 months lmao
Not sure if this was mentioned already but thank you  for streaming the #WILC2019 Gave those of us who couldn’t make it to games a chance to cheer our players playing/coaching their respective countries #GrowTheGame
i dont even understand astrology i just scroll through the scorpio stuff and think haha i do that
Not to brag or anything but I got blessed with the best cattle/hunting dog absolutely love that little guy.
This should not be an option. He does not deserve it, and the next one of his kind will be worse.
I’ve always wanted to exude cool grandparent energy, and it was confirmed by a cool grandma wearing the same fleece jacket as me. God bless.
Hey, we even stand with Palestinian and even our PM tell the truth about Israel violence towards Palestinian, yet they didnt even boycott us. Go take back your workers and students in malaysia, if you guys really want to boycott us.
 Your love for the world and awareness for its current state in noting less than monumental!!! Your a great man of this world!!!
For everyone not attending who wants a banner, we will post the .pdf's later and you're welcome to take it to your local printer to make your own copy. Printing them out and shipping in tubes will cost $7+. It's just cheaper for you and easier on our staff this way.
Wow! The  got it right. Burfict is out for the season. I’ll give kudos when it’s due, and that is the right call. Good for them.
There’s no way he didn’t get off that call and tell Barr that he wanted Zelensky to talk about the Bidens with him because Trump specifically was holding up military aid to force that very issue, and repeatedly said he must talk about it with Barr. Surely Barr knew his own end.
gente to indo dormir se eu ganhar no sorteio do the good fellas vcs me ligam ok? flw
Inside the Regal Soccer Stadium is this mural. Love this message and it says a lot when they fund 20 full ride academic scholarships each year. Thank you Regal. What a partner!
Using the best song on the album to justify the album’s existence <<<
Come out to McCracken County High School tomorrow night to watch the Mustang Men play Murray High! JV starts at 5:30 and Varsity to follow! It is also MCYSA (McCracken County Youth Soccer Association) Recognition Night! Wear your MCYSA jersey & get in free & get a free popcorn!
Thank you so muchEvening Blessings Take care and enjoy the rest of your evening
Think I found my WL team, the best team I used so far (will get varane and Mendy tomorrow) #FIFA20
Me and the homie, get the Win. FULL VIDEO IN LINK BELOW. SEASON 3 HERE WE COME.
Had so much fun this weekend at the weirdest family reuinion ever. See you all next year! #TwitchCon2019
And thank you ⁦ ⁩ for knowing what was right, and doing what was difficult. You were right. The price of truth telling is high, and you paid it-but in the end, history will reward us. #metoomovement #cancelfranken ⁦ ⁩https://news.yahoo.com/al-franken-faces-sexual-harassment-171245683.html …
Thanks guys, can't wait for Wednesday, this should be fun!
omg ily this is the sweetest thing ever thank you!! i was living my best life
It's a unique thing so it said the last time I watched the usual batting collapse and it's funny apart from the glory footy team and the one test you lot seem to get forgotten compared to gold coast Victoria and NSW
Waiting to VOTE for  &  like..... YOU CAN ONLY VOTE DURING THE LIVE SHOW starting at 8pm est (5pm pst) Voting is only open until 9:45 GET THOSE VOTES ON AND TELL  WE WANT OUR #TEAMVANDERSLATE #DWTS
Thinkin about hardcore pushing to grow my channel alongside the Tarkov community. #EscapeFromTarkov is one of my favorite games & communities on #Twitch So many great people I’ve met through Tarkov & tons of great community leaders that I look up to
I am surprised I don’t know about this  the sunshine skyway is awesome. All you can see is water.
Wayne, I think you’re way off base. The cameras expose the corruption and the innocent people hurt by it. God Bless Scott for his charity and shining a light on the suffering of Americans.
55% of Americans approve of impeachment inquiry 12 WH officials listened to the call Whistleblower is a subject matter expert, has direct knowledge of events Pompeo heard the call...
My own mom is prettier than me, and people announce it from the rooftops. I empathize.
How does yalls home videos keep making it to social media? And by home videos i mean videos of yall fuckin... like are yall postin the shit yall selves orrr they gettin leaked or did yall upload it to pornhub for some money? Im just wondering
(You’ve been kidnapped your kidnappers let you tweet to give the illusion everything is fine. What would you tweet to alert your friends that something was wrong without tipping off the kidnappers?)
I also hate the opposite, when they become simpering wimps because they like a guy. Ugh, no, strong women aren’t weakened by attraction, desire, or love.
YOURE THE BEST YOURE SO CONSIDERATE AND SWEET AWH ILY
#TrumpsWalkAway I was a staunch Democrat until I witnessed the DNC convention vote against God!
I’ve got #Nationals winning the #NLWildCard on TBS.
(2) on a check cashing scandal and then ran for president (un-ironically) as a “Family Values” candidate. For realz. Also, he likes saying things like “Marxist” and “Leninist” to make him sound smart and the opposition as super evil.
You're ok with pulling off arms and legs, head, because this living baby can't survive outside of the body of the woman given the unique responsibility for nurturing it? Is that humane?
I know thank god I caught the tail ends of that hopping into an Uber. JFC
Really does feel like the twilight zone or something...
The moral compass is relative to the person who holds them Porn is fine. Better than people letting it get pent up and going out attacking girls or boys.
Maybe it would be easier at this point to have a show of hands from all the foreign leaders that Trump HASN'T asked for dirt on opponents
Belmonts are really good imo. A lot of the “day 1 good characters” are underrated now.
I’ve been told today is #InternationalPodcastDay. You should fill your ears with our lovely voices. Catch up on our latest episode where we discuss #TomWelling, #Smallville and the #CrisisOnInfiniteEarths crossover event. Oh, and stay sexy out there listeners. #FanboysPod
It's safe to assume that  also made at least an attempt to get election help from Saudi Arabia & Russia. Time to hear ALL hidden phone calls The Liar In Chief has had with anyone since he was illegally elected as Pres. #ImpeachTrump #FakePresidenthttps://www.nytimes.com/2019/09/30/us/politics/trump-australia-barr-mueller.html …
How did Europe become the richest part of the world? – https://aeon.co/essays/how-did-europe-become-the-richest-part-of-the-world …
Also, you see me mere moments within the times im at this site. Instead you should ask "how are you adjusting to this information or these duties?" "what are the ways i can support your leadership, because i see your potential"
Fitness connection in Bedford got a $10 down $10 a month special for my peoples in the area.
Thankyou for what you are doing not only makeing america Great but also makeing the world safe
Hey! I’m from the Lowcountry so feel free to hit me up for any pro tips :)
Nancy: “It’s worth losing the house.” How valuable does that make you feel, Dems up for re-election?
The best case for Rutgers is the pipe dream of keeping NJ talent from fleeing. Can he get those guys? I think they’re best served hiring Jeff Monken or Ken Niumatololo and going the triple option route.
Oh... I didn't get your last tweet. I don't think Ronaldo would have done the same dear... He thrives better when the team is okay... He can't even manage in an average team... Now imagine Vardy in that Man utd team of the year
With the number of updates this month, we don't blame you if you missed some Here's a look back at this month's released: https://medium.com/dabel/dabel-product-notes-1-5382740e1eb6 …
Beauty is also in the eye of the beholder, there are always outliers. These outliers are mentioned occasionally, viewing black skin as interesting rather than an abomination
Reality Winner, a whistleblower alerted the media (The Interceptor)a week before the election about Russian interference. Trump and Sessions silenced her and put her in prison. She can't even be interviewed.
My promise to you is that if you post and we have spoken at least one (1) time I will hit the like button.
I Made It Out Takes Pastor John P Kee To The Top Of The Billboard Chart  ://ow.ly/oa0Z30pBknV
The research is clear though. It isn’t about want. It is actually developmentally better for them It isn’t just some random idea it is evidence based I know we have kids & families that will both love & hate it
i almost never use the krushing blow in variation two and the recalling bugs move is very low damage so i don't see the point of it besides the krushing blow... i use variation two for widows kiss being a great combo tool completely..
Please tell me you actually voted in this “poll” to see the results.
Today we celebrate #OrangeShirtDay to spread awareness of the impact of the residential school system. We pray for reconciliation and hope for the future generations #EveryChildMatters #stainedglass #Parliament #Reconciliation
That doesn't make much sense to me although I need more study. They like the Sacred Serpent, Leviathan, and Metatron, and perhaps Lucy.
That anybody can have a solution as detailed as exactly where to plant trees when they can't get a model to accurately predict 5 years in the future
me thinking that i'll get the same effort and love that i give:
I'm inexperienced!? How dare you! [Another giggle, she was feeling quite playful from the looks of it] This is fine. Maybe I'll get a better view from here anyways~ let's get a move on! If we take too long it'll be the next morning by the time we are back.
I agree, but ripple didn't get this chance to settle litigation with the SEC, because there wasn't an xrp ICO. Its funny if they did break the law and have one the debate might have been over already lol.
My on campus job told me today that they have been telling me they don’t need me to come in bc I’m not “self sufficient” in setting up the camera which really means: “You’re disabled and need help sometimes so we don’t want you.” I’m so fucking upset
Andy went to the grocery store and came home with 7 boxes of my favorite candy. Because I'm an adult and cant go trick or treating but I'm addicted to sour candy!!
And now we added length and defense to help us with teams that gave us the most problems: Bucks & Magic. Kings were a matchup problem too. Alex Len had some of his best games against The BUCKS. Somebody gonna be afraid to get embarrassed by us.
The pro gal is where it started. Without, zexal wouldn’t exist. Plus I grew up with the original
Maybe, Fams going to be gone so maybe the internet wont be shit
I agree totally with you about Gus mate, & if I’m being honest, I love boxing & other combat sports. But at some point, somebody, (not the media) needs to take the decisions away from those profiting from the sport. You think they’d all do it for nothing? Of course not!
A rough edit of something inspired by the hope for a better tomorrow for everyone that is ://soundcloud.com/morleysmusings/all-we-can …
Italy Day 6 - Going to Pompeii wasn't originally on my agenda but I just had to see it. Was well worth the detour. ---- The eruption of #MountVesuvius in the year 79 A.D. covered the city in over 20ft of ash and…
Again you’re making an assumption simply because you don’t like her. You’re attributing malice based on your personal feelings rather than any actual evidence. And no her experience in marketing does not count because that doesn’t demonstrate your point only the possibility
As per the graphic, the idea is mainly: - value added tax to finally make large corps pay their share (or something more closely approximating it) - condense existing welfare programs, thereby eliminating some bureaucracy - believe in citizens to spend their share locally
somewhere in the world someone just laughed at the same meme you did at the exact same time
I'm live, playing more of the Goose!!! https://www.twitch.tv/bluespacequeen
It’s not as bad for sure. But you gotta factor in the weather in Houston too. It’s such a spread out and flood prone city. It’s just a LOT going on.
Reminder: Sign up for FBLA in the City this Thursday by October 2nd. Maize Quest permission slips are also in Mr. Donatelli’s room. Have a great week!
Congrats to the Varsity Golf Team on placing 3rd overall in the Bishop Carroll Invitational! Mati Newman placed 7th, Lauryn a Williams placer 15th.
Horn grow a pair.. read: RIGHT AFTER Ukranian leader asks  abt military aid, Trump: “I wld like u to do us a favor though ...” ICYMI One of the favors was to investigate Biden. This is not hearsay. PRESIDENT'S OWN WORDS.
I dunno how NYS Ed is but office of professions thru NYS is a joke too. I needed a provisional license and they processed my payment the day I submitted, didn’t give me my provisional for almost 3 months. (They said TAT was 30 days tops).
I'm on lamotrigine for bipolar disorder and I'm really hoping I don't get any side effects from the switch.
I’m ok thank you! I fractured my left foot in 3 places, I’ve got to stop chasing the birds
Can’t tell if it is a blessing or a curse that my birthday week only rolls around once a year (my body would argue for the former) Here’s to ringing in 27 with some great friends and…
Making friends in the most random situations are the best
This reminds me of the pole you did two weeks before the 2016 election and then you got Jim called me to come out against Hillary and if he hadn’t done that Hillary would’ve won
That focusing on myself brings me peace & to let the past stay in the past.
GD wrote to his future 2021 self (alone in the room) saying he was married with a kid and here, seungri just goes on and randomly congratulated him. Clearly, the rest of BB knows he is planning to get married. Cannot wait!!!!
Make the B grade for global ideas and the A more local and focused #formativechat
Please ensure no deal happens even if it means swallowing your pride and allowing Corbyn to be PM for a short while. I voted for you in the European elections as you were the party of unequivocal remain - please now be unequivocal.
I just hope you read this, you dont have to react but you are honestly an inspiration for me to keep going in life, I wake up with a mission to hit the like button in 3.4 seconds.( weird flex but ok)
I should be happy for skeleton bois season. But the beginning of the end is nigh. I know nothing but pain.
Ade; Well said; we will win; we shall never surrender; we will Not be bullied by the socialist minority; they can March but we will vote them down; spread the word that Britain and Boris will never ever surrender. Never give up. We will win this....
I once played with a toddler on an airplane because his older sister needed to use the restroom and they were flying with only their mom.
“Did the council authorize the creation of a clone army?”
Not purposefully being sexist, but there’s not one thing that woman can do that I physical can’t that I would want to do. Breastfeeding Giving birth That time of the month
Lmfaooo the fact that he’s explaining that he’s referring to her dancing to everyone is funny af
Shhhh please no one tell him that was Breitbart. Or that the no votes were Melania and Barron and the 98 yes we’re all Stephen Miller.
Yeah know I started to do the same thing #formativechat
about beauty, about self image, and about the ability to transform. “Martha was ugly, like a shaven baboon.” “So she wrapped her self up” “in a curtain cocoon.” “And after a week she finally emerged.” “She smelled like shit! What a psycho.” [Chimes] + [Laughter] “You’re
Don’t cry my child, soon we will reach the great land of ASTROWORLD. Be the highest in the room.
"The Pub Type" seems like a phrase destined to complicate my life.
Scott Pelley is the best and I don't watch CBS news since they took him off. I loved watching McCarthy squirm.
BOYS SOCCER UPDATE: At the half, Saline and Grand Blanc are scoreless
Why the hell you guys are always keep thinking of deviding something. Why don't you understand a simple idea that there's strength in unity? Just because of your personal gain don't indulge in divisive games Congress is known for all along. https://www.deccanherald.com/state/karnataka-districts/bifurcate-tumakuru-district-parameshwara-requests-bsy-765257.html …
I hear you oh Great Archiver of the Internet. The coming of the revolution is upon us.
I totally agree, but surely a degree of this should come from the top, instead of all our services being crushed, and basic needs and requirements being cut back?
haha monday night welcome to the R̵̡͚͙̳̹̳̭͋̓̿̈́̈̕͠ͅë̷͈̖̣̫͕͔̹̭̩͍̟g̶͎̠̘͍̰̦͉̐ͅr̶̰̘̤̥͓̈͝ẽ̸̡̼̩̹̣̪̤̗̼̀͜͝t̴̛̯̭̖͖̣̏͋̂͑͑̓̀̽͝s̴̳̜̐̿ ̷̭̫͑̄͋͆͝T̷̛̬̼͇͉̭͍̝̗͐̕͜h̵̠̲̙̟͔͍͉͋ͅr̷̜͓̤̠̳̾̎͂͆͗̀́͋͛̋ẽ̴̢̛͈̲̩̩̪̰̗̼̲̠̒͋́̂̈́́͆͝a̷̫͓̞͈̍̎̎̇̚̕ḋ̷̪͔̣̼̓̀͘͝
i literally changed my avi a couple of days ago but i wanna change it again but i also don’t because of ethans smile someone smack me in the head
Yeahhhhh I didn’t much care for the first one.. lol
You couldn't just stop with stabbing me in the heart could you? You had to take it out and mush it and stomp on it right infront of my dying eyes. #got7
When it rain it pours she likes the way that i rrrrrrrrr
You should be the last person calling anyone corrupt. Coming from you, it’s kind of like the pot calling the kettle black.
I am not saying that you are not such a loyal person, but conveniency and loyalty are not the same thing. Plenty of people are loyal until a situation makes it beneficial for them to be disloyal. I hope you never learn that from your best friend.
Polls are always biased so the same can be said for polls you may favour. I think if you’re gonna highlight this it has to be applied to all others.
Armed with nothing but a tool kit, the plumber heads back to the ruins of the Smash Manor with a determined look on his face. ”We can rebuild this place, bigger, better and-a stronger... it’s time to #SmashThisRebuild!”
PSA: My birthday month starts tomorrow and I will be accepting all gifts in the form of alcohol, cash and designer lol
Well more precisely it's the one about the Polish Winged Hussars who were the leading force of the holy alliance against the Ottomans assisted by other groups like the Hapsburg military leaders, German main forces and I think some French
The Steelers are 1000 times more interesting unless you’re a Bengals fan. That’s why you shouldn’t be surprised.
The American People would do well in Understanding that they Live in a Society that's Predicated on one thing and one thing Only. That Power and Wealth are more Important than anything else on...
Believe what you want but the noose is beginn8ng to tighten around your neck!! I am surprised 3% of Breirbart Impeachment Poll voted against you!! How silly of you to take this poll as a sign of the country’s opinion of you!!
La strong last day of the month people poor I still came up with $102 in about 4 hours. I have now prove to myself that I can make it in LA even better than the bay.
Am I the only one out there who looks forward to attending graduation ceremonies simply because it gives me an excuse to robe up?
I would like to see the demo breakdown concerning white college educated voters and white female voters.
I look at Goff and nothing separates him from any other NFL quarterbacks to be getting paid the most out of the bunch, theres nothing that makes him special. When your coach has to read the defense for you and tells you via ear piece then that tells you something.
In all honesty, if he was black he’d be considered the best back in the league
regular is THAT fucking song seriously everytime i listen to the song it gets better
Lol. I saw em play MLS all stars way back when. That sealed it for me
I’ve got #Nationals winning the #NLWildCard on TBS.
A link to my "Why Not GitHub?" page was added to the GNU Ethical Repository Criteria: https://www.gnu.org/software/repo-criteria-evaluation.html#GitHub …
Okay, now I’m nervous. Does anyone else think it odd the AG is visiting foreign intelligence under the guise of election interference? What is he REALLY meeting them about?
there’s NO room for unsupportive friends & fake love for the rest of 2019 & in 2020 .
Thanks for narrowing that down Gov'ner. . ..Sounds like Adam Schiff is the blower.
Of these, amyloid is the only one that stains positive for Congo red [at least for exam purposes]. Also, DNAJB9 is being much talked about these days. It has great sensitivity and specificity for fibrillary GN. Likely to appear on the boards.
Lmao ey unless it's marvel niggas ain't got time for credits. My ass was hitting that next on Netflix with the quickness.
FHC because cosmetics should be nourishing to your health and made without damaging living creatures or the environment #plasticfree #crueltyfree #organic #zerowaste #PalmOilFree #noSLS #shampoobars #deodorant #conditioner #soap #Ethical #PlasticFreeJulyhttps://www.freshhandmadecosmetics.co.uk
today one of the 3rd graders told me i had too many holes. i was like OH, OKAY
 Hope you can Honolulu to your tour dates; plenty of fans here in the 808. Plus, if you add a date between January and March, you can escape the cold weather and enjoy the warm, sunny weather here.
Ahn ahn...shebi na belly dancer una call am. Ehn...see the belle na. At least she's flexible and her belly jiggled ni
LionhearTV FB ( HEART pls) Fan club of the year Click on the link and give it a HEART  PopMYXTuesLove KIANO
Don't miss the big reveal! Tonight on  #verybradyreno
Lulu is the kind of internet friend that i treat like an irl friend
 AMERICANS "The Constitution of most of our states (and of the United States) assert that all power is inherent in the people; that they may exercise it by themselves; that it is their right and duty to be at all times armed." - Thomas Jefferson 5 June 1824
Yes, you can always ask for help to a foreign country...he has already done it, in this case its not even a problem because Australia is the most loyal vassal
And crawling all over the lighting rigging like a spider monkey. (Yeah, that’s right, I saw you up there!!!)
T-thirsty for him c'mon girl no way we ain't thirsty for him not at all only water yes water for the win
myah thought this guy driving a truck next to us was cute, so of course me being the great friend i am i honked her horn for her ((:
Twitter has messed me up so much I spent 20 seconds looking for the joke here Nah just a happy couple
I wish I could follow this KE fan but she’s in a GC with [redacted] and I just don’t want none. I know too much about [redacted] and the shit person they are to get involved
And the start to what will go down as one of the most important weeks in the history of the wrestling industry has officially begun... #WWERaw
Unbelievable game. Was doing 90 on the way home after work that night to catch the end. #AlwaysRoyal #UNREAL
Not to be a troll, but Trump and Putin have refined the health care systems in their respective countries for the better of the people!
Yes, it's the last day of September and it's totally cool to ask folks what they're going to be for Halloween. I'm going to be Peter Pan or Harold from Harold and the Purple Crayon.
dont get me wrong the photo is AMAZING but at first glance I thought she was wearing a graduation cap and I went "Oh?? Why though??"
Well if our Supreme Court can depart from the norm it sets a dangerous precedent that echos down the halls of business not just politics.
They hoed me on travel all summer, I don’t like working from home for the most part, and it’s very possible I’ma end up in the Bay Area for a year or 2
literally my parents lol they be like "we're not homophobic, we just think these ppl are freaks who go against the natural/god's laws and they shouldn't do their things in public bc it's disrespectful. but like... we wouldn't beat them up for being gay so we're not homophobic"
Y'all ever notice that Willy Wonka chose a 10 year old boy to run a fucking factory? Like I know he wants the D
I did something crafty with a spare vase, all the ine corks I saved for some reason, and some pearl string lights leftover from my besties wedding #crafty #winecorks #diy #decor
Texas doesn't want Democrat tax increase, or to kill babies in the 3rd trimester, or no border wall...but it looks like that's what Democrats want and they think they have a pretty good shot at it... They'll also take your guns! Almost forgot about that!
There are really people who will think that you’re saying the truth but deep down your heart you and I know that it’s not. Within those artists you listen to, you deff have a favorite in there but I want you to know that Wiz is going to stay on top as always.
The Bee Is Declared The Most Important Living Being On The Planet http://science-andinfo.blogspot.com/2019/07/the-bee-is-declared-most-important.html …
Yes. Sorry I mentioned it on the podcast and forgot to tweet it out. Tomorrow I’m weighing myself and will post a picture of the scale. Everyone else do the same, take a picture of your weight on the scale and tweet it to me!! I’ll post mine weekly and everyone do the same
Question, is this linked with Hunter Bid? The only company that could possibly have more funds than a government is an oil company? well and shipping too. Also Ukraine gave up its Soviet Nukes, or did they? Soviet Era Surprise? 152/203mm nuclear shells common item FYI
Garbage time stats is where cousins gets his work. He has 4 career wins against teams with winning records. He cant handle the pressure of being an nfl qb when it matters.
Hillary is the demented old lady that seriously needs help and won’t go away. She’s also good at making people disappear, so others are afraid to get her the help she needs.
I do have one but They don't give a fuck,They just wanna see your phone, you fit chop slap for the process sef.. who your I.D epp...
remember the moment you know exactly where you're going cause the next moment before you know it time is slowing and it's frozen still and the window still looks really nice, right? you think twice about your life It probably happens at night, right?
Hehe~ Thx for the help I hope you have fun in it friend nwn/
Of course it is... I’m sayin if the person ur talkin to has a dry personality, it don’t matter how good ur personality is, you two won’t vibe
...before mlbam corrupted the fan base & media ptnrs w/a singular pov (hr only) was only what would be broadcast? a: david gerrard's ground breaking research applies now more than ever...
I've been an Orioles fan since 1971. I'm used to it.
Higher the mage bonus = more you splash. Change my mind
Please don’t talk about what you don’t know. This isn’t a coup. The constitution give the president the legal right to dissolve congress and call for snap elections if the congress censures him twice. Congress has, and the president has followed what the constitution says.
the day when seo jisoo barged into my life and i've been blessed ever since
#Vikings and #Redskins should trade Kirk Cousins for Case Keenum, straight up, and see if either QB can recreate the magic they once had with their former team.
Ok lets go to bed, pretty excited for tomorrow.. new DLC is out from Destiny 2, and also the new Tom Clancy's game what shall I do?
Thank God Twitter gives us the freedom to talk shit to corrupt politicians. And a nice record of their trash Tweets they will try to start back tracking when Trump crashes and burns
How we go from being the best of friends till now enemies. #NeverWasUMyFriend
Small, maybe shmedium at best. You want your tees to hug the biceps, otherwise it looks sloppy.
I’m very sorry about this bro, if I was You I would watch the movie on a free movie website like Fmovies.
Always looks so intense, but I have seen the face behind the mask. Beautiful. Lol.
today one of my coworkers said she was trying to fix one of the computers with two other girls and she was like “all three of us with our two brain cells couldn’t figure it out” and i still don’t know which two have the brain cells
You ignored the first part of what I said, which is that they could increase their skill set. Don’t misrepresent what I say. It won’t end well for you.
SOME ONE PLEASE SAY THEY SEE HER ONNA LEFT SIDE OF THE WALL I HAVE BEEN PUSHING THIS PICTURE FOR OVER 2 YEARS .... AND PEOPLE ARE OVER LOOKING THIS SCREEN SHOT OF IRENE ROBERTS VIDEO SHE RELEASED........PLEASE SEE…
No apologies necessary. You can feel whatever way about me you want, and I promise that it is not going to matter to me. On the air and off, I preach forgiveness, compassion, and empathy. Sending someone encouragement and rough times is not out of character for me.
And right when I got off the phone I smack the shit out you
God Bless Manitoba. God Bless Canada. And God Save the Queen. #ThroneSpeech2019 #MBPoli
Yes, well said. RT :  So AG Barr  is a Trump Puppet and a Traitor to the USA?
The TRUTH!!?? WOW!! You don't even support the TRUTH!! YOU HYPOCRITE!! Hiding behind the Lord!! But you WILL face him!!
Will the zach ones be on that plate of complete series? Like the horror ones like slender and the hunted house one?
Yo Zoe is amazing! Honestly, I’m so happy I met her through her joining the Storm because she’s so pure intentioned and honest. Plus she’s kind as hell. And meeting her (and you Yebba, you’re a freaking amazing human) was one of my TC highlights.
Not to be dramatic but the way the wind blows my bangs around makes me want to kms.
Stu & the Lightstream team are only capable of being fantastic, so this all checks out.
I'm sure you read about these hard-to-treat GNs but keep forgetting about the fibril diameter. Here is an easy way to remember: The size increases in alphabetical order - A, F, I and just remember 10-20-30 if not the ranges #nephpearls
Makes you wonder what is going on in the minds of the thousands of honest employees at DOJ
Not that I thought these were the lyrics (but it does sound like she says this) When Alicia Keys sings “Concrete jungles where dream are made of” it sounds like she says “concrete jungles wet dreams tomatoes”
Very impressed by all of the hard work put forth by our campers and coaching staff during the 2019 North Central Iowa Long Toss Camp.    #EliteExpectations #DoTheWork
Perth's Housing Market #Perth #Housing #HeiseSays Perth's housing market has stagnated with significant oversupply and the government is pining hope in mining investment to stimulate migration. https://youtu.be/kjfy9nrh_-o
I feel like I’m the only one that don’t see the resemblance
Learn and invest in Real Estate, and see its value in the long run. #realestate #leaxcoin #propertyinvestment #sayings
Tomorrow is first of the month, which means new Let's Play become available to both Patrons and non-Patrons. Patrons: Part 1 of Full Playthrough of Monster Prom staring myself,  , and  . Everyone else: Overcooked 2 with myself and
Adam and I did long distance for a few years and it was really hard but, now I’ve lived with the love of my life for 4 years and it’s been an amazing adventure. It was worth every bump in the road and the hundreds of miles between us for what we have now
Cobb used to Rodgers. A guy who can put the ball on the money even under pressure. Dak can’t do it even with a clean pocket
There is something ironic in the way the older generation always feel like they are better than the younger generation. Your generation created the pitfalls & the systemic issues limiting Nigerian youths today. I am not a fan of Big brother but you have not earned that right.
Im pretty lucid about this in the last 10 years. Ive been observing this quite a while. Behaviors in people. We are being entertained to death-and not even being entertained. Get lost already.
Lmao trash ass Hornets organization couldn't even execute the new jersey correctly. They put CHA instead of CLT on it lololol
The beauty of aviation and plane spotting. WestJets  B737-8CT landing at Atlanta's International Airport (Hartsfield). #avgeek #aviation #B737 #DisneyWorld
I know. It probably will be if we enact what the Democrats are proposing but thankfully we still have three branches, checks and balances, while they last.
There's gonna be a huge opportunity for the next disruptive startup in this area, I just know it.
That is exactly what this motion is intended to address. To make more alternative measures in the VBBL to make it easier to retain more of the existing and to make it easier to add more rental units through the Secondary Suite Program with proper safety measures in place.
I agree. The fuckery that is the current administration needs to be recorded for history. At this point it doesn’t matter if he’s convicted or not. Once the testimony starts hitting the tv screens, that may change. Though I doubt it.
You lot who are thinking of other managers to replace Ole need to get a grip. What makes you think playing football under another manager will change anything?I've said this hundreds of times and I will continue saying it. Nothing will change unless something to the board changes
‘Insticts’ was the word i was looking for but nvm :)
I'm about Fed up with GOP, NOT DEFENDING OUR POTUS?? Will you continue thru history known as the GUTLESS PARTY?? This Republican House Member Just Came Out In Support Of Impeachment https://trendingpolitics.com/this-republican-house-member-just-came-out-in-support-of-impeachment/#.XZKWMpFaoxY.twitter …
Seems to me that Barr, and Pompeo all need to go, they have enabled and protected Trump for his personal benefit and at the expense of our country.
Saw a woman's parked car get hit by a bunch of frat boys and stood with her the entire time while they and the police berated her, until she drove away, made sure she had my info if she wanted to press charges.
Castro is a deranged person, mentally handicapped person who would not have a public voice if not a hater of the #potus , going along with #npr agenda
I mean, if my gay son was gonna run for royal court best believe he’d pop tf out. Not just put a dress and heels on. Lil nigga better be dressed to impress, we doing something with that hair and at the very least getting a mani pedi. He ain’t gonna look like a charity case
Raise funds to support the youth. What do you need the money for? Send your qoute
So good. Reminds me of those classic Ed Schultz MSNBC surveys back in the early Obama days: Is Bush to blame for all this: 95% of you say YES, 5% say no.
My Good sis the cake and Conquer female rap and the fashion industry all in the span of 5 years. The icon jump out
You and thielen are the best wide receiver for the Vikings
The NDP thinks they are more powerful than they actually are. The US could just say GTFO.
Man under the silver lake was such a good fucking movie I need to watch it again
Peak Kinnock - Craig Murray Thorning Schmidt's large salary. Save The Children.... Sex pest Brendan Cox. https://www.craigmurray.org.uk/archives/2016/09/peak-kinnock/comment-page-1/ …
Coming 2nd with this bunch isn’t a failure. It’s a fucking achievement. Unless you think this squad is good enough to win the league pal?
watch the sun now had a likkle beef but it’s done now i just need a drink and a rub down peng ting looking like a touchdown
see you say this but I'm a Pisces and half the time I don't say shit when I'm not fine
The theory that increased cosmic rays (during solar minimums) increase earthquakes. I wondered how that timing coincided if at all.
The Attorney General of the United States... seeking help from foreign governments to discredit nearly every one of our *own* governmental agencies. How can people still defend these types of actions? “Hey Russia, help us make ourselves look inept, thanks.” #Underminer
Thank you , your album has been out for 58 mins in the UK and it’s already the most iconic moment of the last 700 years. Ok thanks bye. #WooAh
Nope. CBO estimates are much closer to how people think about income and track Auten-Splinter quite well. PSZ are the outliers.
Why is the President not stopping the illegal immigration if it's such a problem? Is he inept? Go back to blonde school.
Lmao I keep typing 'fetty wap birthday' into google so it will take me to the song but everytime it gives me the date of fetty waps actual birthday like noooooo
2 world champion teams with the name Samsung. Savage... Same as not releasing the fucking theme for this year Riot.
 do you know that the  play in a wildcard game tomorrow? I like the know it from listening to your station today.
Gotham season 5 just dropped on Netflix!!! Nobody hit my line to play the game today
#TaylorSwift #PCAs #TheAlbum #LatAmNeedsLoverTour 2019: Tour of the Year "Reputation Stadium Tour" Best Music Video "Delicate" TOTAL: 10 iHeartRadio Awards. Most for any female, 2nd overall
idk why but i really like the 1999 makeup i did it’s not even that good but it’s one of my favourites ???
I feel like someone probably already came out and said I'm not allowed to read this to the kids anymore.
So I dont condone kicking dudes who arent even trying to fight. But in a brawl man imma do w.e to help the homies
MAGA.... Trust us Amercans . The truth will set us all free! I am a Democrat who is just a American who loves our country as all Republicans. I am tired of all the games.
about me LGBTQ+ BTQ Yep La mayoría Yep Yep Yep Yep Demasiadas veces What? Jaja Yep Nunca xD B 11 TQ 16 B 11 TQ 19 Por desgracia Muchísimo drop an emoji for the questions
Enter the Choice Hotels® #UltimateRoadTrip Sweepstakes worth $10,000! T&C’s apply.
But Susan...they don’t control you and they don’t control me or 65,000,000 others like us. It will be their downfall. It’s inevitable. “Nothing can stop what’s coming. Nothing.” It’s Biblical. ...See you at the 2nd inaugural. #QuidProJoe
Em the perfectionist meio que explica sabe, elas conseguiram fugir e ninguém soube do paradeiro delas
Im so nurturing its irritating lol. Especially when i dont get the same back.
Wow that’s a fuckin squad. Glad Hicks is out. Overrated, hides in the playoffs
I have a feeling the senate will get enuf votes from the GOP side 2 impeach. His protection seems 2 b crumbling.
How did you know I was feeling so under the weather
My comment wasn't about you at all it was about the ravens, Warriors, capitals fan
I confess, my love of it then is not a well beloved time in my life. But, without the infinite lack of excellence then, I wouldn't appreciate the manifest honesty and quality now. It kind of frames my life between the shit and the shinola.
Artificial blood that is 'better than the real thing' made in lab by scientists https://www.dailystar.co.uk/news/world-news/artificial-blood-better-real-thing-20376298?utm_source=twitter.com&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=sharebar …
I like my job because: -Pays well -Dont have to talk to customers -Hard work is acknowledged -Don’t have to wake up at ass-crack early in the morning to be there.
If you're charging people to come in to see animals in a sanctuary, and they are there because they cannot live in the wild and have been rescued, and they are in the most natural environment possible and not disturbed or have their welfare lessened for the sake of people - fine.
Substitute "President Trump" with "President Obama" and I think the answer is clear as to how you would be responding
Tue Oct 1 - M110, the brightest satellite galaxy of the Andromeda galaxy (M31) is well placed for observation.
How can there be people in this world still on the idiots bandwagon? It blows my mind that people can’t see what a complete joke he is? I really don’t understand idiots
Of course not. But modern feminism, supported by the state &, largely, the media, says that there IS something wrong with it. Everyone should steer their own boat. But if the state can’t recognise that in general kids are best cared for by a parent, then we are really fecked.
A big thanks to the  folks who made our TwitchCon experience so nice! You guys are the best!
That's pretty hilarious Stormi. Yep, I knew someone like that. I married her. She never tries on the wedding dress anymore.
That’s the one thing I wish they didn’t make darker
Next Chapter Ministry will be hosting a Sunset Picnic THIS FRIDAY, Oct 4 at 6pm at Archibald Memorial Beach Park. If you're married, engaged, or in a serious relationship between the ages of 18-40, come on out for a special date night! Childcare is provided. Contact Brittney…
Waiting for season 3 of  like...my edit today of the marvelous  #TeamHarrington #TeamDeacon #TeamSwat
Seahawks defense?? They are actually good and eagles banged up beat the packers
went back to her hometown after the school year was over and got pregnant by her ex who she constantly talked shit about on all the dates I was paying for. you win some, you lose some lol
This got on the wrong place. It was supposed to be about Lundqvist being the Dynamo's best defender.
Super stoked! In The Darkness and Love is Broken were my fav Molly Phillips songs. What were your favorite songs?
“Put on therefore, as the elect of God, holy and beloved, bowels of mercies, kindness, humbleness of mind, meekness, longsuffering;” Colossians 3:12 KJV #holy #beloved #mercy #kindness #longsuffering #humble…
On god I gotta teach myself how to cook. I can’t keep throwing these home run ins in the oven and mfs eating like this
He wanted to make sure his position on the board of the arms commission for Ukraine didn't leak out.
90mins in the bag Saka some skills :-) You did great dude!!! COYG!!!
All 40 million odd voters, as the Tories have made it all too clear they think.
LinkedIn recently shared a roundup of articles about the productivity benefits of giving employees the chance to work from home. At Sutherlandgold, we're proud to have #WFHFridays to allow everyone to unwind from commuting during the week: http://bit.ly/2oL9N35
No . Apparently its some big news that Aus / USA co-operate with intelligence Actually not about anything to do with taking sides just curious where the is scandal is. Of course we would be investigating, regardless of who is president as Alexander Downer was involved for a start
It's the best game with the moral of "be gay, do crimes" to come out this year.
Haha just watch chris the rest of the episode is other people showing cars to Jay Leno. The show was an hour and I had to fast forward to chris.
Looking for #diversebooks to add to your school library or classroom library shelves? Check out these recommended book lists I found at the Eric Carle Museum of Picture Book Art! All LGBTQIA students need to see themselves on our shelves!
#TaylorSwift #PCAs #TheAlbum #LatAmNeedsLoverTour 2016: Female Artist of the Year Best Tour "The 1989 World Tour" Most Meme-able Moment Album of the Year 2018: Female Artist of the Year
They say lions don’t lose sleep over the opinion of sheep, but I’m a leo and I care WAY too much what other people think.
who are other artists he’d like to COLLAB with in the future?
Honestly, take your pick. What a hot mess all around. The fact of the matter is, the American people knew of this. It’s happened in broad daylight. The question is, why have our elected officials not acted?
Happy 59th Birthday to our dear country. GOD BLESS NIGERIA Get up to 5% discount on all slippers and sandals. Come merry with us as we mark Nigeria . For all work-in client there will be cake, drinks and lot more  store today‍. SEE YOU THERE!!!
Lol, you’re the president and this is the best you can do? Geez guess you really don’t do anything.
Just imagine how much this type of idiocy from Barr is boosting morale in the IC community AND the Justice Dept.
A platoon of these guys would be great at the border. To keep any Deplorables from escaping once the bullets and shrapnel start to fly.
Everyone agrees the team needs the ground game to improve. But these stats don't tell us much, except that winning and RB carries are correlated. Don't read causation into it; that's bad logic. When you're winning, you run the ball relatively more to run the clock and close out.
Since you want to know, i left becuse I wanted to have all the freedom in the world. I didn’t want fools like you to start dissing DMW because of my tweets and think it was David that sent me. You are a poor fan, I still read your dms begging me to help you.
 rock climbing and taking in the beauty before the snow gets here.
but the idea of the pushing of acceptance for alternative pronouns being a military psyop or something is so completely beyond the pale that i think it better to just stop here)
Had Blaze pizza for the first time today — AMAZING!
The way this song makes me feel like a whole badass-
Update: Pitcher and Catchers continue running tomorrow morning! The district will provide some water during the city ordinance, but it is highly recommended that everyone take their own water bottles(for the school day and athletics) until the ordinance is lifted.
#launiepubphil - Thanks Sally! Here is another one - Confirmation Bias and Naive Realism | Sven Van de Wetering & Flora Oswa... https://youtu.be/6XraX0Hu8zY via  involving the amazing story of Hiroo Onoda -
Like a G6 - far east movement Just the way you are - Bruno Mars
Honestly, I don’t care anymore. I just wanna know if the information is valid or not at this point. They’re not gonna be honest about the source at all, but is the info correct or not?
In search of the perfect shave for my birthday on the 11th. Thanks for the chance! #PureSilkPureYou
Good Luck to coach Krenek who is now the new Head coach  . Absolute Steal of a hire. Welcome Coach Hefferon who comes to us from the Big via Marquette. #RowTheBoat
“Not all of Mozart’s paintings were great”, “but in the end, them suckers sold for a million dollars”. -Andy Reid after win  Sunday Amazing
I could honestly talk for like an hour just about the traveling montage set to Pitbull’s Africa cover
The same organisations are probably already sharing info about Barr. Haha
My mom is so supportive to the extreme that she buys me anything she sees that’s related to my dad’s culture because she wants me to celebrate both halves of myself and it’s very sweet but I truly don’t need all this.....stuff.
First off, the WB should be protected, as written by law. Second, knowing the identity of the WB does nothing to change the fact that the information they provided was corroborated by the WH. I guess if you have nothing else you might as well attack the messenger.
I DIDNT EXPECT TO SAY THAT AND I STARTED TO LAUGH AND MU MOM TOLD ME TO SHUT UP BECAUSE SHE WAS ON THE PHONEEEE
This made me laugh out loud. So true and sad at the same time.
Who thought 2 cosplays in one stream was a good idea? It’s almost 1am, I’m still kinda sick and the room is a mess. Send help
honestly the worst teachers were geometry/government/economics teachers, most of the time they were just coaches who didn't give a fuck
Your greatest weakness is your racism and refusal to change, be educated, or grow in any way. You’re pushing 40 and the Internet is free. Learn from this.
Okay now I know why people wanted more episode for Avatar the Last Airbender
Love the photo & looking forward to the new video. Can we get all the new songs on a CD?
We have all these flawed but very vibrant and fun male characters like Junkrat and Hog in the game but how DARE they have a woman in there that isn't every guy's wet dream? >:(
Ryan hart always has the best answers! Not only are you a legend sir your also very smart and sound professional. Wish you made a book about your journey and experience.
*walks into class* Classmate: “did you finish the paper?” Me: “HELL no, wtf” definitely a Monday
You are only the good parts of this, and none of the negatives, those can we get in the sea.
that one got so popular the Unintentional ASMR Channel that showcased it started a gofundme for him
I love everyone. As you will see in this thread, I haven’t judged a sole. Including the young man the original thread was about. The Bible commands me to love thy neighbor, that come with no stipulations.
My job gives away Bengals tickets every year. I’ve never gone so I decided to request tickets vs the Patriots. I just found out they are on the first row, 50 yard line. If I get them, you better believe I’m making a sign for Tom Brady.
I’m not calling the flu a myth, but I’ve never had the vaccination and I’ve never had the flu. But if pharmaceutical companies can help me never get a sinus infection again...
I mean it was in reference to the beautiful girl leaving him(you make me suicidal when you say it’s over) so I kind of get it lol
“What do we want the #raw ramp to look like” “DAMN IT PAL MAKE IT LOOK LIKE A RAMP”
#TaylorSwift #PCAs #TheAlbum #LatAmNeedsLoverTour ***iHeartRadio Music Awards*** 2015: Artist of the Year Song of the Year "Shake it Off" Best Lyrics "Blank Space"
This Republican House Member Just Came Out In Support Of Impeachment https://trendingpolitics.com/this-republican-house-member-just-came-out-in-support-of-impeachment/#.XZKV6bf80Ww.twitter … You sound just be like Nancy #Take your traitor your a small mind this all political horse sh*t and you smart enough to know the difference #By, By
Considering the term is trademarked and is also an LLC, the ownership is very clear.
Say the highs were worth the lows and things are lookin’ up
Pricey postseason parking spots! What the Braves say you need to know before you consider buying one on the second-hand market, at 11. ⁦ ⁩
Excuse me? I'll give you Portishead, but not the other two.
I really love being on stage hosting, motivational speaking or anything. I just love the feeling of it
Can’t you just say, “I’m drinking my emotions tonight. If you wanna know how I’m feeling, ask the bartender” And then leave
If Kamala is so smart, then why was Tulsi able to knock her out of the race with a 2 minute debate comment?
If you’re a high school recruit, I can’t imagine why you wouldn’t have Ohio State as one of the top schools on your list. One of the best offensive coaches in the nation, coupled with great D-Line, LB, and DB coaches. Draft picks every year on each unit
Do you think it matters to Joe Biden? When do the Hunter become the hunted? Do you think that all Americans are asleep to the fact of corruption and media falsehoods?
You just disqualified yourselves permanently from knowing ANYTHING about electric cars. This is akin to leaving the iPhone (I'm not an iPhone user) out of the top 5 smart phones!...lol
The Rac Man Show ends with Elizabeth and Rap To God Replay tonight at 12 AM PST/3 PM EST http://www.racmanchristianradio.org
Bucky wake up after the nap he had. He felt the kiss against his lips given to him by  but assumed it was a dream. It felt different than the dreams. He stares at the ceiling, thinking once again over the secret feelings he has for Steve that might never come true.
Thank you sis Lola Crazy Monday, so sorry for the late response. Finally home, yay Enjoy your evening sis
Hail to the Naw! I totally disagree. He is actually grabbing his arm! Like a strong grip! Come on now!!
#StaySafe..Okinawa.. And Really... Hope to have seen the last of it in the year....
Always find their guts when they're retired... He could have stopped #Kavanaugh - but no. Now the Supreme Court is also part of the problem to be solved.
Thank you, Beautiful Lady! I feel the same way about you here.
10 tips for next generation interdisciplinary research. This group of researchers strike again! Excellent and straightforward summary for early career researchers - and the oldies! https://i2insights.org/2019/10/01/10-tips-for-interdisciplinary-research/ …
You still banging the 6 god, you’ll get beat with a 40 and I ain’t talking drake friend
going thru it :D i love her and miss her so damn much bring me back to any of the times i saw her but please i just wanna see her again, momma
okay but the decor and design of the living room and kitchen turn me on.
Look me in the my eyes and tell me that we got this, tell me tomorrow will be lighter, brighter, and worth waking up for.
From what I know this sounds like a deep emotional blockage. You should meditate on it. After getting into a meditative state, release the suppressed thoughts and allow yourself to be overcome with emotion. If you don’t hold back (at all) you’ll prob have a natural urge to cry.
Lol dwag the thing would make more sense on a watch
fine I’ll allow it but there better not be any more red than the amount that’s in the picture
I keep having dreams about the same person. Does this mean I’m supposed to try to be friends again or I just miss them?
Amaravathi ki oka 15000 kotlu allott chesthe anni sardhukuntayi... Current, isuka, pettuballu emi avasaram ledhu.. Amaramaina Amaravathi ante antha amaraprema. , ,  Thrayam ku.  ji restore power to normalcy.. Tell ppl the actual situation
He got through the 7 stages of grief in under 20 seconds,, IMPRESSIVE
The only reason why I am highly doubtful that my channelling experience isn't an illusion or just highly impressive 'eye candy' is because I am always able to extract future or past information that is always validated in real life!
hi i'm vishnu but u can call me jingu i'm straight but i like the taste of cock
OH SHOOT! The amazing Chairry figure featured in all of these photos is from !! To whomever runs the twitter account for the shop.... You're welcome
Ah yes the final piece to his bday gift has arrived https://www.instagram.com/p/B3DfzlVJHEPsXyHRFA-H6adPBQWmU0Q4MPxsc80/?igshid=1xbhfvmy6y9aq …
Still think if he actually is signed they should’ve saved that for the draft
https://www.bbc.co.uk/iplayer/episode/b063f2m0/cake-bakers-and-trouble-makers …. If that wasn't bad enough, further on, we had the women of Llanfair PG singing Jerusalem, in 'England's green and pleasant land'
Good luck! It wont disappoint, story telling and visual wise. Theres ofc probably some familiar voices along the way too!
When I ask you who gave you my number its not about you, I just want to know the snake in my circle!
International Day of Elderly: Let's pledge to give them all the support and happiness they need, take care of them who cared for us, lift up their spirits and appreciate their contributions in the society & nation this #InternationalDayofElderly. #DayofElderly #RootsFoundation
Good news, but traffic is stll incredibly busy in the area.^ms
Yes he does. He knows. He just either doesn't care, or he fully supports the outcome(s).
Look at the town around you. Now picture it being fully in the stone ages with a bunch of cavemen. Different lifestyle and I like it more.
Sucks I missed out when you came to the bay bro! on the philosophical thoughts.. & why are you the only trading educator who post his p/l???...All these other pussies have the audacity to charge their “students” but don’t show what they put up.. keep the game real champ!
Let it go Janine its too lateima just hit the Evergreen i heard they got good food
Yeah it’s full smh but dam I still got the note to pay help me
Who would've thought the guy who believed Hillary and Uranium One were more worthy of investigation than Trump and Russia is prone to right-wing fever dreams?
I thought it was going to Gloriously Brown? Or was that the one-man-band name??
I love that Fitbit has bracelet covers for this very reason. Or I just take off the band and keep it in my pocket or tucked in my dress. Definitely took it off for my engagement shoot and wedding.
I have to agree to me this is the best look for the joker so far performance wise I'll give it to ledger but honestly neither have hit the mark of how the joker should be represented in film
I think Rey is the only one that makes sense. Protects his title shot and makes another statement to Seth.
I read Frankenstein; or, The Modern Prometheus 101 years after Mary Shelley published it. I should not have waited so many years to read it. Here is an interesting list of books Shelley might read today. I might too  #SLS5134http://www.yalsa.ala.org/thehub/2018/10/31/mary-shelley-read/ …
Everything begins with the resolve to take the first step. From that action, wisdom arises & change begins. Without action, nothing changes. #ALDUBxADNRespectOurElders
Again for the night-crowd: having won the ,  is now on the soundtrack for the  revival of grime series "Top Boy" (with funding from ). Tune in for the surprising intersection of Dave, Mozart, and...oboes? https://youtu.be/pRpa4P1hlcI
Fine, then she’s Scott Weiland and the BoP are Velvet Revolver
Wedding party in the city this weekend and I can’t wait. Very small but I can’t wait bc I love New Orleans and I’m over due for a visit!
Lol hold onto what forever? A basic grasp of statistics, and empathy to listen to black people? The irony of saying I’m taking the easy way out, while you try to peddle that there can’t still be systemic racism because Obama was black
It'll be interesting to see where #Pennyworth goes in season 2. We got the Thomas and Martha together with seeds planted for possibly why they had Alfred as their butler. This show is just getting going.
Ha ha ha eat your fame eat it up your fucking penis EE your fame up your penis take your shit and get the fuck out of my head and out of my life you do not deserve me and you won’t help me
Or...OR. the beat and flow rides and females connect with it. It's old heads out here who know the song and ik for sure they dont know about tik tok
tbh if you see that it’s someone’s birthday and you don’t tell them happy birthday you’re trash, it’s the little things that can brighten someone’s day
Congratulation and thank you for all the updates about taetee
How Does God Carry Out the Work of the Great White Throne Judgment? …https://thereturnedlordjesustheeasternlightning.wordpress.com/2019/10/01/great-white-throne-judgment/ …
but like... not only do the cast, crew terri and us want andi mack to continue, but SO much can happen if it does. like peyton said how most of us felt after the season three finale, we felt satisfied, but we know for sure that there is so much more to be told.
Dude just dismissed the whole #MeToo movement! Congratulations!
And the room erupts in hilarious spontaneous laughter...
Oh. So you learned from your mistakes and therefore take the loss in stride like you should've done a long time ago? Good to know I could help
Yeah, not so much. But keep up with the while you can ‘cuz you’ll be out of office soon.
Congratulations to the Carpentry Competition Winners: 1-Roberto Nunez, SWHS; 2-Dylan Kennedy, SWHS; 3-Brandin Bass, SWHS; 4-Josh Hernandez, SWHS; and 5-Daniel Stewart, EWHS.  – at Wayne County Fairgrounds
Commercial gardeners Sefton Park Aigburth Liverpool. The benefits from using Fischerco gardening company are: We are experienced gardeners. Our gardeners are uniformed. Our gardeners will attend in one of our…
President is the greatest President in my lifetime of 83 years. He has done more for the working men and women of our nation than the Democrats have done in 100 years. May God bless President Trump, his family and our nation.
Nope. Cousins has to hit that. Again, pre-snap read. Safety deep on hash LB on hash, only CB out on Diggs LB drifts back with Diggs and CB stays on him leaving flat wide open (he should know from pre-snap read that once that CB and LB go with Diggs there is no one in the flat
uh same :/ the teasers were so good though but I guess that was just the best part of the song shdhdhdhj
Pretty much all, at one time or another. About the best you can do is find one that at least attempts to limit his idiocy.
and before you hit me with your pitiful desire to be a chimp or orangutan(why would you wanna be a lesser version of yourself, yucky) have you not seen how dope it is to be a frog or toad. you're like this mini-emperor that roams the earth
ESP ? I just like tweets that make me happy So glad you still remember this poor unnie Yeah these young boys who keep me young, good for the eyes and soul
#DemocratsAreCorrupt I can’t believe they are ever rave enough to try it! No way will the true American people ever let it happen!! #StandWithTrump
Counterpoint: This franchise has been by in large hot fucking garbage that consistently fails when it matters the most. Can't fault people for being honest and fed up. Some fans boo their teams immediately after a title, we boo'd ours for making Mariota look like Elway.
Liquor Store Lady: It's really getting cold out. Me: Ya, I know. Liquor Store Lady: You know. You work on the bridge. Me: I don't work on the bridge. I write about the travel business. Liquor Store Lady: Oh well. A job is a job.
Almost a year since I rescued her from the shelter ! Time is flying by .
I'm on a flight fo Portugal to celebrate my mom's B-day. She planned our escape from Cuba in 1968 so I could have a better life in the US...the same thing Mayor Pete is fighting for so I donated again $20.20 in celebration of her b-day!
My candle burns at both ends; It will not last the night; But ah, my foes, and oh, my friends It gives a lovely light. Edna St Vincent Millay
Try reading the article on afl website. Far more measured than your silly tweet.
I think the lord just blessed me with something special I think
This shouldn’t even need defending. Halloween is without a doubt the lowest of low when talking holidays.
We must make #MoscowMitch aware of the importance to #ImpeachTrump. We must find Mitches illegals and tweet them. #BanTrumpFromTwitter #FakePresident #CivilWar #ImpeachmentNow #Resist #Resistance #FBRParty #CivilWar2 #AdamSchiff #Whistleblower #TrumpResign
Good try. The scarcity midset has this whole country jacked up. We just have to try to advocate reason and promote civility when we can without sinking to that level.
It’s definitely the right spot for ghetto activities
About to take the biggest L I could probably take rn , oh well
hm could really do without the condescending battle critique hubert...hubert im dumb ok!!!
how can ALL the leftwing celebs/Dem-pols/MSMpundits =EVER= think they are going to be just immune and 'safely' strolling down the sidewalks dancing with joy they destroyed this nation and pulled off a coup for Soros. are they IDIOTS?!
 I really like you and wish you the best, but I think you were very harsh to Lauren on your Instagram live. She’s been a fan of yours for a while and it’s not ok to use your platform to humiliate ppl. Hope you can see it in your heart to be kind even when it’s hard!
Oh I should have explained better in my tweet, my bad. I was meaning Detroit should go Martin at 1-1. PCA would be a great fit for Kansas City. They like “famous” athletes at the top of their drafts
I love this, you can really see the passion and connection here. Well done!
The MSM has already dismissed it as another event for Trump's personal gain
This would also be the equivalent of if 1 person said “no” and 46 said “yes”. So yes, thank you 46 people!!
Can't find purple shampoo or toner here in Cabanatuan. but, I'm starting to like the color. Hahaha! I think I'll keep it.
David you’ve distinguished yourself as an honest and decent person. The Republicans lost one of their best when you left that corrupt party. The Rs have gone so far right it is truly scary. Thank you for doing the “right” thing.
Presidents are not "overthrown" they are impeached by the co-equal branch of government called Congress. This bicameral body is made up of duly elected representatives for all citizens & residents of each state. Please tell the other MAGAs that this is not a tin pot dictatorship
The month of October is gonna be a busy one but it's all going to start with our 3rd round. Come join us on Oct 12 for another great day of competitive #MarioParty & #Bomberman as the battles rage…
With all the ranting & tone-policing of (read: attempts to silence) Berners, I feel like I should share this daily to remind everyone WHY we may not be as "calm" & "polite" as they want. They're that slow car that's holding up the ambulance.
There must be no new coal mines in Aus. The State Gov has to lead here & stop these coal mines. This is Tas’s opportunity to show the world it’s serious about climate-change, renewable energy & protecting its precious clean-green brand. #politas #auspolhttp://andrewwilkie.org/state-government-must-say-no-to-tassies-adani/ …
and that’s great, and that’s why she’s the queen of rap. but let’s not take taylor’s writing/music credit away, her lyrics are astonishing, really. but i don’t doubt about nickis talent :)
Believe it or not, Neither. I like the Vette, Bel-Air, Impala, Camaro, FireBird/Trans Am, GTO and various old Cadillac’s, Buick’s...
dear circle k on gilbert and queen creek, thank you for always hooking it up w pop on the house! always feeding my caffeine addiction
Ya got until October 17th to get the jacket dood, if you’re up to the recommended power level within that week and a half I’ll take you through to get it. It costs money tho so be aware it’s like $150 or $160 if you want your name sewn on
Please. Ford isn't going to become any smarter or more competent as time goes on. He was a fucking moron during the Rob Ford years as well when he thought he was Mayor #2. Keep chugging on Ford's cock.
i’ve gotten the pleasure to work with some really wavy people and honestly shout outs to ya
  spread the good word and following of Bambi .modelAngelbaby
Taraji loved my hair today, had lunch by the lake &&&&& it was free? What a Monday.
I stole this but w/e Open your "On Repeat" playlist on Spotify, post the top four songs and let your followers decide if you have a good taste (p.s i share with someone so )
May krampus have mercy on me...I'm watching Live by Chance for the fifth time.
Anyone else watch the handmaids tale?! I wish I had someone to discuss this with
Our 8th grade Science Team LOVED all the activities and information provided on the curriculum day!  we are loving Mrs. Deloss!
“It’s a shame, for sure. One of the things Dean-o and I share is that we like the pain.” A smirk. “He’s jus’ strangely soft on Donnie.”
favorite QB to watch/root for. there’s no else like him, he’s arguably the best football players when he steps on the field. realistically, he’s top 5 QB under 25.
I know you wrote the dimensions but it’s so much bigger in person that I thought! And sparkly!! I adore it
In the words of the commentator, "she conquered her demons from Olympics 2016" #impressive
NEW YORK CITY MUST SUPORT THE POLICE AND THE LAW. NYC NEEDS A NEW MAYOR AND THE STATE NEEDS A NEW GOVNOR .. WALK AWAY FROM DEMCRATES PARTY... SAVE YOUR CITY, WALK AWAY FROM THE DEMOCRATS POLITICIAN.
The Best songs rock pop dance latino np Love Shack by The B-52's on http://bit.ly/2ydrHgd
For sure, looking forward to the rematch in the playoffs
This is a remarkable meditation. For all its flaws, I do miss the Midwest. https://hedgehogreview.com/issues/the-end-of-the-end-of-history/articles/on-being-midwestern-the-burden-of-normality … via
Now that the degree is worth $250,000 to $300,000 you are correct.
Did you vote in the last election? Will you vote in the next? You have representation. You just don’t like what your representatives are doing. Well suck it up. That’s democracy.
 it’s like a type of stretchy toffee topped with chocolate! Watch out for the falling bits of chocolate
I really wish the Ways and Means committee would subpoena Trump's fucking Tax returns already... it's an impeachment inquiry, not a pot luck!
Thanks for letting us know. Who is investigating where the taxes are actually going?
Russian nuclear firm wins contracts to clean up Fukushima Russian state nuclear corporation Rosatom will help Japan in handling the crippled Fukushima nuclear power plant (NPP) and will be engaged in the nuclear control plan, https://totalrehash.com/russian-nuclear-firm-wins-contracts-to-clean-up-fukushima/?utm_source=ReviveOldPost&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=ReviveOldPost … #fukushimadisaster
Join fellow All On The Line volunteers and supporters who stand for fair maps and against map manipulation by signing the citizen commitment now: https://allontheline.org/citizen-commitment/ … #fairMaps #AllOnTheLine #TheResistance
#dtmag https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2019/09/join-the-campaign-brandon-straka-and-the-walkaway-movement-call-on-trump-to-release-his-own-walkaway-testimony-video/ … "JOIN THE CAMPAIGN! Brandon Straka and the #WalkAway Movement Call on Trump to Release His Own #WalkAway Testimony (VIDEO)"
The week that changes professional wrestling begins in three minutes. Best of luck to everyone involved. #RAW #SDLive #NXTonUSA #AEWDynamite
No, the eventual goal is to save the lives of people who don’t have a voice of their own.
Hey you should send me the list. Maybe I'll play this year.
The nigga was only sweet because he ain’t your baby daddy. It always start of like that lmao
If you are a registered voter in their district trust me they do care. They are only hearing from the people that scream the most (literally). Conservatives are too quiet. Give them your name address and your opinion. The "silent " in silent majority will be our downfall.
Bitches don’t really be seeing the niggas that’s actually not tryna rush a relationship but a friendship first, and love to claim all niggas ain’t shit..
Hey, Spain. Is it cool if I don't get all bent out of shape about something you tweeted that isn't that big of a deal in the first place?
Popsters! Kung My Facebook, Instagram at Twitter please Vote Sarah G for Best Total PERFORMER of the Year! Just follow the Mechanics! Ito dapat sundin na Reactions! Twitter: Retweet Facebook : Instagram: Like
Hehe yeah, actually i focus more on the first tweet and comment about that in ur tweet kekeke
God works out His plan through the free will of men. When their inability is seen as figurative with unwillingness the impediment to be overcome by grace, then divine persuasion can be seen as working to some degree in everyone's life. Men are free and God's in control.
ok I definitely will continue because I’m interested + some of the boys are cute.
New Listing - Beach house living made accessible in the exclusive Drax Hall Estate community. #Realtor #Jamaica #NewListing #Luxuryrealestate #residentiallot https://raj.xposureapp.com/listing/St-Ann-06/-Don-Christopher-Avenue/a9md?u=94763 …
Yes, in order for Sentry Mode to work it has to be on and a USB or SSD drive plugged into a USB port with the proper formatting and folder. Sentry Mode, since software version V10, also records the rear camera as well as the front and 2 cameras on the sides.
I’ve shared this once but it’s too good not to share again!     should take notice. Patriots WILL NOT STAND for the removal of ! There WILL BE AN UPRISING like you’ve never seen!
So bringing in ppl on visas or as tourists who overstay...and you brag about it like it’s something to be proud of. Demand your leaders propose something, vote on it, do something...naw its better to go to the border and help illegals game the system. It helps with getting votes.
The moment the liar knows you know the truth. Yep, that.
Doesn't sound like the Australians agree with you, George, based on the tweets.
listening to this live is in the top 10 best moments of my life
I'm thinking the avalanche of reveals today must be the same feeling as the Saturday Night Massacre felt in the 70's. Hey, someone needs to make sure there's a fresh toner cartridge in the printer. Let the Subpoena's fly!!!!
If they had worked as hard to get us reparations for the last 35 years as they are working right now to undermine us, we would already be FREE #CutThe #ADOS
That dab the sky Simple and Clean remix that transitions to Lights   UNREAL
That first sentence makes zero sense. Rappers can be of all races, genders, etc. Iggy IS a rapper. All I’m saying is Lizzo should’ve credited Iggy since she’s the lead artist on Fancy & Charli is a featured artist. But I do understand Lizzo gave a shout out to her friend Charli.
We are told that it’s boring to watch paint dry but, when it comes to the automotive sector, the science behind it can actually be quite interesting. #OrgulhoPPG https://sprou.tt/1VkLXw3l4fG
I have reach my limit. But as soon as I can add more followers I will. Thank you for the shout out. Nice group.
Well.....okay then... #WackyRandomRetweet just because it's Monday and we all need a laugh if we want to make it through the week!
People in my class rly just voted tpumps as the best tea place, at least I know I can't trust them now I guess
Know/knew 3 of the 4. Great photos! Thank you for sharing.
Happens all of the time, 24-7-365 x every year at every level of every law enforcement department. Everyone there knows who it is. Macho-ism & abuse walk hand in hand. Real men are smart, gentle, caring, confident & shows respect to his religion & others beliefs.
Green Day is doing the song for Wednesday night hockey. Can this comeback get any better?
An absolute Legend of Australian Football once told me it was a “continuation” Having a bub is part of normal life, it doesn’t mean you’ve got to retire, to have to “comeback” Mega kudos to all the amazing Mum’s that have “continued” a career though #muchrespect
Good lord, I only left the internet for three hours.
 I hope the (many) situations of your day did not greet you with the inability to have a comfortable decision making process..>...
“I don’t mind, really. Besides, I’ll take any opportunity I have to give back to Ryozanpaku. It’s the least I can do.”
how is it already 8pm. i have yet to eat dinner, do laundry, cook tomorrows lunch, clean my room, do the dishes, iron my clothes, and shower.
how nice that all your hard work (having sassy black DNA) is finally paying off (by interesting men)
Threw the headphones on for this one. Thank you for sharing!
I’m not sure how the people are ready for Shawn’s show in Tokyo, but I personally recommend to see the videos of the shows fans took by now it will help you more than just listening to CDs. You can tell where to sing along or how he livens up the crowds. #ShawnMendesTheTourTokyo
wow i am genuinely happy like overall and w my body and the way i look
stormy daniels isn’t a member of the House of Representatives not how the government works. Sounds like a lot of deflection. Bringing up stormy and mike.
200+ yds and you want to start a is he better case? Stop bro. We’ve SEEN Noonie turn slants into touchdowns. We’ve seen Noonie go up top too and snatch the ball out the air over bigger DBs
this is me coming on the bird app to post a picture of myself 100% knowing no one actually cares
I love having a keurig in the lobby of my building bc I sure as hell am not spending $100 on a coffee machine
I’m only asking this because I’ve had a lot of tried-and-true recipes go sideways since I moved and Google isn’t giving great answers/solutions. People who have gone from gas stoves to electric stoves — what are the adjustments you need to make?
Open your "On Repeat" playlist on Spotify, post the top four songs and let your followers decide if you have a good taste
Yeap. “Canned-on-the-can Tillerson” is one lucky fella.
AAAA thank you bby well i have a print store here  and my stucky zine in my gumroad! https://gumroad.com/em_dibujsb#ctIF but if you want something in particular that i’ve made and it’s not there you can tell me so i can put it as a print in the store
This is why I'm pro-Sanders over the unimaginably wonderful Warren... Sanders is anti-capitalism. Warrens wants to try to make capitalism work. IMO capitalism is inherently earth-destroying. ...don't worry my next tweet is going to be super chill...
tell him only if I'm allowed to use the kiln.. I mean it if he was nice then he would just let me use it but... Whatever I made some really cool big mugs
GOP, hope you are learning. When we get a new dem president, we want you to be even more ruthless on impeaching the slug. , , , , , ,
On the surface this looks like a fervent effort to help Putin plug leaks & discover weaknesses n his nation-destabilization infrastructure. I don’t believe they would go through these lengths simply because they don’t “accept” Mueller’s Report. When DT wasn’t “worried” about it.
watching this clip still gives me goosebumps..what an incredible night. Easily the craziest baseball game I’ve ever seen. It was impossible to sleep coming home from that one!
The media crucify me like they did Christ. They wanna find me not breathin like the found MIKE
The Kickstarter sticker designs are all done! Luna moth, Rosy Maple, and a lovely Atlas! I greatly enjoyed drawing these ^^
Thank you again to miss kate for the super wonderful “buffet” tastetest at Malingap Center food hall September 29,2019 She made Rice bowl ( vegan chao fan) 2. Baked macaroni 3. Szechuan eggplant with tofu 4. Cauliflower pops 5. Baked potato wedges 6. Salad 7. Eggplant patties
being transformed everyday. surrendering to the power of the Holy Spirit within me everyday. dying to myself daily. emitting light daily.
That they can! They were so thoughtful & did all the cleanup too!
When you love something, don't give it up without a fight, because you have to fight for the best things in life. Lubyu
They had different styles, but they both looked like Jordan. Kobe from 15 ft to the perimeter, and Wade from 15 ft to the rim.
Looking for someone to provide hair & makeup for a Mother of the Bride, Saturday October 12th from 11:30am in 8th Ave South area. Looking for an elegant, natural, classic look. Any recommendations appreciated. — looking for recommendations
 I love this (from The Hill on AP/NORC poll):4% of African Americans say Trump's actions have been good for African Americans, 81% say he’s made things worse. 69% of Hispanic respondents say his actions have been bad for Hispanics,only 19% think they’ve been good.
Will eventually. Honestly just had the song stuck in my head.
4,500 voters surveyed is not exactly “vast majority” and let’s see the questions that were asked and the answers that were given. Just so we’re clear ....
[little did they all know that the keychain contained a tracker and a mic to transmit all sounds to him... ... which is important for an upcoming plot! HAHAHA! NIIJIMA'S VOICE OVER BREAKS THE FOURTH WALL! COUGH COUGH--... MUST LIMP... BACK HOME... even though... lostinforest...]
Best of luck on the job hunt, Sierra! Maybe some of these jobs could be good for you: http://bit.ly/2n4VdDd ^PC
just like a sunflower rise above and face the sun, face the sun, standing so tall and proud no matter how the wind tossed you around, stand your ground, you can do it now #WritingCommunity #poems #poetrycommunity #getup #WritingOnTheWall #writing #PoemADay #poety
After Day 1 of the  School Safety Specialist Academy, one of my big reminders to my teachers: keep that door locked and closed. Experts in every session I was in talked about this simple safety step! #RSIHawks #LockItUp
The trip through the otherwise inaccessible canyon near Queanbeyan is a delight.
And if it were up to me i would draw the districs as evenly mixed as possible to ensure only the most compelling arguments win.
I think the president has a video or something he’s holding over Graham. Just my thought. The late John McCain would be so disappointed in his dear friend.
 , S386 is the only solution to keep families together.
on my way to personally beat the shit out of whoever is accusing quetzal of being a p*do
I think dragons are much too respectable to be associated with The Gork.
Spearphishing -- A Story Behind The Numbers When it comes to spear phishing, a few minutes of caution can save you hours, days and possibly even years of troubl http://bit.ly/2oLvgsH
Introducing the newest additions to our School Store product mix! They taste great and meet the guidelines!    #sbeweek2019 #schoolstore
Hate? Hm, you know such thing as hate love exist right? Maybe I do feel attracted to you? You are a beautiful and strong woman after all. [ the beast shifted her hand to ease her fingers under Morgans chin. Brushing her thumb over the Casters lips she smirked.]
That’s like the pot calling the kettle black. Rotfl
Good evening to all who use twitter as a diary/tweet thru it. How yall doing? Whats the issue tonight?
slimmer margins or lower profit growth even when the economy is growing as a whole. In fact in growth mode costs can rise (ie. wages) which means businesses while selling more also pay more for their inputs. We do not have to predict both indicators will go in same direction.
In order to end the Flores Agreement, the Administration had to issue a new rule that would protect children, maintain family unity, and ensure due process for those awaiting judgement of their claims. Which is what was done. Judge Gee ruled against it. https://www.conservativereview.com/news/judge-blocks-trump-administrations-fix-flores-catch-release-rule-driving-border-crisis/?utm_content=buffer5b6de&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=twitter&utm_campaign=tw-cr …
More like condensation on the tip of one iceberg... of many. At the foot of a glacial ice shelf that's rapidly melting.
It's a good mix of big hitters (such as Geno, Sora, Rayman, Shantae) who are very popular in the Smash community, and some lower requested ones to please more fans than just the big character fan groups.
 How much did she help Higher education with the line item vetoes and shifting money around.
I still think he is traveling and taking an extra step most of the time. I’m sure there a few times he keeps his one hand over the ball as he makes the first step but most of the time dude has both hands on the ball for all three steps
Name a Democrat that can win Florida or Ohio. Learn how the game is played before you talk to me about politics
 and #EvilOrAlien are now synonymous. There must be a few good apples in the barrel though, they can repent and go native, be independent. #DitchMitch , #LyinLindsey, and #ChowChao.
Super proud of .  is the real deal.....Championship program with great people, high academics and beautiful campus.
Manny walked around half of PNC Park with me and patted me on the back and said “have a good one son” Both the dopest experiences I’ve ever had in Pittsburgh on the North Shore (Obviously MNF is making me miss home lol)
Once again, the evidence does not support using antipsychotics to treat delirium in older adults. #delirium #geriatrics https://annals.org/aim/article-abstract/2749495/antipsychotics-treating-delirium-hospitalized-adults-systematic-review?searchresult=1 …
Virginia tell the boys to make us 1 of these please
Oh, I almost forgot! #BobsBurgers is back and Linda is the absolute best!
Lord, I pray this month, let the doors that are meant to be opened be opened and the doors that are meant to be closed be closed. May it be in our relationships, career, and the things that we insist to have. I just want your best Lord. Your own will. Your own way. Your own time.
People....really....really?!?!??! Take a chill pill, he was not talking about the kiddo, seriously way too extra with your comments. It was Ivanka who posted the picture so clearly the comment was for her....duh!
Honestly cant believe this happened. I know the whole story that this article doesnt say but like...Jessica was a family friend. A close friend of my mothers
I like how since the second we opened someone hosted a retirement party here and they are still here. It's great.
I’m thinking one of these four colors but I get the red-orange one all the time so I kinda don’t want to do that one again
Honey, Just keep one word in your mind that success and failure have ups and downs, so you have to push ahead with your confidence. Be confident. Wish you all the best!
Gotta figure in the swallow factor. Sometimes they’re just too delicious
Wait.... Is this from one of the movies or a porno? Cause it looks like a porno. But I haven't seen the movies.
My man brought me to Mont Tremblant so I could take a bunch of fall pictures!! he’s the sweetest man always trying to make me the happiest and always pushing me to do what I love i am the luckiest BUT like look at these beautiful views
I love that the sushi place gives me two sets of chopsticks like I’m gonna share this food
If you think you’re so clever, prove a god exists. Prove the Bible is his word. Explain why an all-powerful, omnificent god is so poor at communication that he relies on a contradictory old book - wide open to misinterpretation - instead of just talking to us ALL directly.
The one that don’t like you be dappin u up, If you peep out yo baxk , they be stabbin u up
Almost 9 weeks ago my 2009 account was suspended without reason with no end in sight, Certainly seems Twitter is actively aiding and abetting the tRUmp/MAGA regime in its attempt to end democracy
You should made another option for the people who just want to see the result
The hover hand photo with  shall haunt me forever..
It was ok way back when, if you were into celebs. Now it’s just emblematic of the shit people who have no life will look at instead of anything that might improve their understanding of how the world works.
Time Magazine, ANNA PURNA KAMBHAMPATY MADELEINE CARLISLE MELISSA CHAN "... neither fair, balanced, nor ethical coverage and the consequence is throwing a foreign election, in favour of regime change." Their new slogan, thanks , Free The Press Canada. #CdnPoli
The steelers are really good. The big problem is all between the ears imo. They can get it together
The autumn campaign for  is perfect. Doesn't hurt that it's my favourite season https://youtu.be/xwaud-lRTkw
ive never had them, but from the installation and take down videos i’ve seen, it’s super easy
Not to nit pick but a guy with no other job sure takes his sweet ass time doing some of the easiest things imaginable.
And the future is female! Women’s empowerment through coffee value chains continues to grow! - https://sprudge.com/the-future-of-coffee-farming-is-female-117107.html …
Stream is LIVE, back on the grind until the takeover is complete! Join. http://Twitch.tv/bromyo_
I think one should win MVP and the other should win CY Young
I found this awesome recording of "Somewhere over the rainbow" on #Smule:https://link.smule.com/s2LeozRUp0
I guess that sort of humor was more acceptable because that's the only way I can see people thinking that MELVIN MELVIN THE BROTHER OF THE JOKER was a good idea
At the end of the video:-- Dag be like :- Don't take mine because I won them with my smartness and brain
If your fave made it to the #BBNaijaPepperDem top , raise your hand! . . . #BBNaija #bbnaijapepperdem #bbnaija2019 https://www.instagram.com/p/B3DfzWTHm-0/?igshid=11rs535mcmi9z …
to those who ordered the superduper goods, PLEASE check your DMs!! i've sent out messages regarding international shipping and it has a tight deadline so please look at your DMs asap~
Falcons the only team in the league that don’t got home field advantage AT HOME.
It's always Tom. Can't stay the Pats but I respect his game. Dude wins. And that defense is really good. Look forward to hopefully another rematch.
Those were the days my friend We thought they'd never end We'd sing and dance forever and a day We'd live the life we choose We'd fight and never lose Those were the days, oh yes those were the days
I mostly enjoyed heteromation but also just like randomly say that the combo automation and "free" labor needed to help automation do its thing will somehow overcome the tendency for falling rate of profit in capitalism
You are the bestest friend anyone could have never change cause you are at the top and so nice to me and made a community that takes care of me I've made friends including you and ab but it's night time and I'm sick so I go back to sleep now but ily we all u
So far, the track record on this management regime’s demotions and non call ups have been pretty good. I cant think of any that burned them yet. Probably be a pretty big trade by december and baertschi could be back up if in fact he clears
> it, you Beautiful She-Devil. And, buy yourself something pretty along the way too.❞ when This Lord of Hell was Enjoying his time around The Original Vampire, of whom was seated inside said Fancy car with both hands atop its steering wheel. Meanwhile, this Devil grinned widely.
It does work but needs proper infrastructure huge warehouses, I know I worked for a company outside EU just the paper work is unbelievable, banks guarantee, WoW I don’t want to believe we are back to the ice age!
 I’ve been emailing websites non stop to tell them about the benefits of BAT and how BAT can help them gain extra revenue for their content. Everyone must do their part!
OMG the hypocrisy is amazing. Heck, I’m a fan and I wish Sky/Ineos had found a different sponsor. But heck, Arsenal, UAE, Bahrain, Total, the list goes on. Let’s be coherent here. And heck, at least Ineos is apparently starting a women’s team. If true, that’s massive.
Great! Can we get Lying Adam Schiff removed from Intel Committee Chair. Of all people, how did he get this position. Says a lot about the character of our congress
"The Disclosure of Urgent Concern form the Complainant submitted on August 12, 2019 is the same form the ICIG has had in place since May 24, 2018" And they corrected the form to follow the law better.
Feverishly polishing a ton of stuff for  before we submit to #igf. What do you think of the revamped intro screen? Would you want to play this if you were an igf judge? #madewithunity #indiedev
Yours is a good point too. Young people will experience and experiment with whatever they can get away with. It shouldn’t cost them their lives or their livers/kidneys/brains. It’s a bit like needle exchanges that were necessary in the 80s to prevent HIV transmission.
But clearly despite literally every single piece of talent in the league saying the only reason they did well in stage 4, was off the backs of the player's individual talent and not the coaching but clearly you know better. They had 2 wins at one point - that's unacceptable.
Oh the little assassin is going to take full advantage of this knowledge. Hopefully the hero is ready for a few secret spanks cause Neo shall certainly be using her semblance to get a few spanks in on her~.
I see the squirrels are out. But shouldn’t the goal to keep your defense on the sideline regardless, control the ball= control the clock= control the game
the kidz bop version of truth hurts came on, “you coulda had a good friend”
I am so far from perfect but I just want to be the best version of myself that I can be.
Go Bengals (tonight) time to get changed into orange and black to support
The Swamp is so swampy and will use ANY means to sway people and take unsuspecting people's money. RNC solicited money for Trump’s campaign with mailers that looked like the official census - The Washington Post https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2019/09/30/rnc-solicited-money-trumps-reelection-with-forms-that-look-lot-like-official-census/ …
they want to give the power of the united states giving this country to a unique world socialist state to the united nations propose laws of education about our children washing the brain changing the way faith thinks of respect to the family
North End Apartment for rent 1.5 Bedrooms 1 Bath Boston - $2,400: Awesome 1 bed 1 bath unit on Hanover St in The North End Heat included in rent Laundry in building Large living room Hardwood floors Modern galley… http://dlvr.it/RFDRsS #northendapartments #northendrentals
Lol honestly it's a treat when u log back into ur SM account & the 1st thing u see is ur friend looking poppin af likeeee
Wow naman talaga this ate gurl. The end goal of all democracies pala is the welfare of the commuters because members of transport groups are apparently not part of the community.
Talk about making up things. Have you ever spoken the truth?
RAFFLE! Ends tmr (the 1rst)  *retweet *be a follower *leave a comment with your ref so it can be a surprise if you win! *list 1 notable thing you like about my art single character sketch no BG
The corruption is strong with the whole administration along with many many members of Congress. https://www.washingtonpost.com/transportation/2019/09/30/transportation-department-claim-that-secretary-chao-used-position-benefit-her-family-simply-false/ …
Correct. Endorsement guides (such as the official Democrats' guide pictured below) presented Prop 7 as an end to biannual clock changes, not as an extension of Daylight Saving Time to the full year.
Wow..just slightly lower than the percentages in favor of impeachment!
hello hobi luvrs!!! check these articles out if you have the chance !!
Fun fact:  is 3rd in the line of presidential succession. #Trump #PenceKnew #Pompeo knew #Barr knew and is deeply involved...
Think Katie would agree that it's better than the original.
So here's the letter from the Australian Ambassador to Bill Barr saying they'll cooperate as to the origins of the Mueller investigation. Wonder if Putin's pressuring him to clear his name bc he has been caught all over the globe now in election interference. #inners
Received my voter information card in the mail today. I cannot stress this enough #Canada, vote. PLEASE GO AND VOTE. It is absolutely integral that you vote. Vote early if you have to. Just do it.
Yeah the former UFC Light heavyweight & heavyweight champion and future UFC HOF is really scared of someone who looks like a minecraft block.
Old people be having the most drama like relaaaax ya casi muertos y con tanto coraje
Socks be wet n shit c: Sorry for the late start but I am playing some Overwatch tonight. Anyone else excited for the halloween update?! http://twitch.tv/yaboycaramel
So, what's Grant been reading this week A #dtystopian #thriller #debutnovel from the pen of Gary... https://www.grantleishman.com/4/post/2019/09/echo-island-be-prepared-by-gary-travis.html … via
It’s impossible. I feel you. I almost always leave a movie now because any work that I have copied, laid out, organized by class period and sticky notes, etc just doesn’t get done or doesn’t get turned in. Gah. Check out my feed for the desk I came back to today
We have smoke pouring over pikes peak due to wildfire on the other side of the rockies, but hey! We got like 12 bluejays in our backyard today
Thank you for the good vibes! And I’m also hoping this energy goes out to oomf for his Dad too
One of the creators of #untitledgoosegame, by #Melbourne developers , joined Jon Faine in the studio this morning. Have you been playing?
Rhonda Paz and Shirley Trainor-Thomas join Huron as Senior Directors in Huron's Higher Education, Research Services practice, bringing 30+ years of experience in the Higher Education and Healthcare industries. http://bit.ly/2ngknhZ
Point taken. I can not see the services being rendered, nor do I know whether ADV is fair representation of fees being charged. Original tweet is reacting to absolute magnitude of fees as well as specter of them double dipping by stuffing their models w the prop ETFs.
And btw, didn't wanna cry ransomware come from you guys? oh wait, you got hacked and then the hackers spread it them selfs. lol. Honestly, I don't see how you guys are an organization anymore. NSA Gets hacked, CIA spies on women in the bathroom...lol you guy's really this bored?
the LGBT movement got hijacked by rich metropolitan socialites and yuppies decades ago it’s the reason why JVN was so comfortable making that Reagan joke despite having HIV
on the matter. Perhaps who it was that swapped them in the first place?"
Darlene on the Stairway to Seven. Well played, . #deepcut #coda
The majority of women in area are into drinking, wine hiking, working out, wine, dancing, working out, have I mentioned wine? The question is whether or not there’s something wrong with me
LRT. Omg I would have died if the Promare were like little ghost Pokémon who pilot robots ahhh so cute!! I’m imagining what the film would be like if it was aimed at kids!
Judges save the day again! Two huge rulings stop Trump's anti-immigrant steamroller—for now https://www.dailykos.com/stories/2019/9/28/1888619/-Judges-save-the-day-again-Two-huge-rulings-stop-Trump-s-anti-immigrant-steamroller-for-now?detail=emaildkre …
speed is good, i'm just not understanding the deal lmao, do yall need a safety or something??
You're strong enough. You. Can. Do. This. I am also a survivor of emotional abuse. Put up with it for 8 years before I was able to extricate myself, neutralize the toxicity and start healing. You must put yourself first. You are worth it. No exceptions. Strength and love to you!
Thank you to all the amazing  folk welcoming me and YES TAYLOR SWIFT WILL BE THE INSPIRATION FOR MY LADY BARD
Total bs. Code of Honor had nothing to do with the contact.
NOW you're freaked out? Did the talking fetus not freak you out?
That’s like the Disney Channel asking kids if they stand with Mickey Mouse...
Tbh, I can't be with a man who doesn't like football. There has been a long line of men in my life who love football. Don't break the chain by saying "Lebron is my GOAT". You and your GOAT should pack your load and leave abeg. Thank you.
When the parents are running a country of 300 million people, a lot of whom strongly disagree with the methods and ethics of the parents, yes. Its OK to criticize the parents.
Also, it looks like you’ll be staying at the same hospital I did, so biggest tip.. don’t order the fish tacos or chocolate cake, both are pretty bad lol If you ever have any questions, totally feel free to DM :)
House Dems + 10 points, Fruity G & The Apple Dumpling Gang?! NADA! #ImpeachmentIsComing #CorruptGOP
After dinner was able to get this as you can see the moon in the very top. Corner nice colors this evening
Did the people that ended up with their high school sweethearts both have really good parents/examples? Are they bored of each other? What are their traumas? What is their sex life like? I have questions.
Are contestants on shows like “Shark Tank”, “X Factor”, etc., required contractually to have a tear-jerking backstory? I mean, can’t they just rely on their performance, without going for the sympathy vote?
Breakdown of Seahawks passing game. How has it changed since last season? What about the very different style we saw in the first 15 plays this week?
I would. I don't WANT these games to suck, but nothing has shown me that they will be amazing. If they come out and turn out to be the best thing since BW2 I will gladly admit I was wrong.
Agree, He hinted more at trying to keep this core and adding to it, I think the pitching staff will look different but the position players more or less the same.
It's the last day of my twenties and I'm a bit overwhelmed. Not at the loss of my youth as I keep being questioned about (strangers, thanks for that btw), but by the amount of life I've lived in this short decade.…
I’m beginning to wonder if the Second Hand Info whistle-blower’s First Hand Info ‘witness’ might not be an anti-Trump Ukrainian government official and this change to allow second-hand info is trying to get around that the original source is not even an American.
The day I log into Twitter and don’t laugh is the day I’ll get rid of the app
breakin up is never easy i know but i have to go, knowing me knowing you is the best i can do
As #WorkforceDevelopmentMonth wraps up,  explores how to bridge the gap between the remarkable #workforcedevelopment programs and #employers that are searching for #talent. Read the full article: https://www.pairin.com/2019/09/30/bridging-the-gap/ …
you are so beautiful the way you are you do NOT need to lose weight at all
can’t believe the queen was so gracious to share a song w beyonce and coldplay she loves charity
#IlhanMN It’s no secret most Americans don’t want you in our government. I am financially supporting your opposition and I hope the rest of those who share my opinion will do the same. Help the opposition take down Omar. Just give what you can $20.00 from 1000 citizens adds up!
what if I dropped the link to my tik tok....hahahaha jk jk jk.......unless???
I swear mehn, and the annoying thing is the squad young talented.
Silent parties be lit y’all missing out me & the girls there this weekend
Isn't that the fault of the political establishment?
Goddamb I am always SO impressed by ur ability to do cool perspective shots like the 2nd and last sketches
Ok...enjoy! Nothing I can say will change your mind. Believe whatever you like. I think you will be disappointed with the outcome, but who knows! Trump has pushed "treaties" well beyond their intent, but maybe that's ok! I don't think so, but that's just me! Have a great day!
Nice. What state? Wondering how long till this hits the west coast.
Might do a little Apex tonight ready for the new Map tomorrow
the only heaven i’ll be sent to us when i’m alone with u
Downer a former Foreign Minister, was involved in a Deep State plot to fabricate evidence so as undermine the electoral process of our most important ally, hopefully Justice is delivered for the people.
Can you even imagine how unhinged the Marxist Democrats will be if President Trump wins in 2020 & VP Mike Pence serves out his 3rd&4th term? Thank you Carol for backing Pence as even people on our side say he needs to be replaced on the ticket with RINOS like Nikki Haley.
The SMART Americans get it. It’s the people with “limited knowledge “ that the Dems prey on to believe their fabricated lies. WAKE UP AMERICANS, see the Dems for what they really are: They are against us not President Trump. Remove him we ALL go down!!!
When you don't understand the outrage at the Marvel comics partnership. http://redd.it/dbkole
I'm still catching up on last week's  newsletter. But my question is how is this practice different from Apple or Google putting their own products at the top of search results.
Who has the best mascot between Georgia and Tennessee?!
Just a tiny window into the hierarchical complexity underlying something as basic as vision, and yet in psychology we still search for 1-to-1 correspondences between, e.g., genes and behavior.
ESPN will lose money on the deal since the interest in German soccer isn't that large but, combined with all of the other soccer rights it has, it's becoming the destination for soccer fans Similarly ESPN is paying $55 million/year for Italy's Serie A & England's FA Cup combined
This man is the ONLY hope for Canada. I repeat: ONLY. Please just listen to what he is saying and keep an open mind, free of party lines and labels. He wants to cut irresponsible spending so that YOU can keep as much of the money YOU earn for yourself.
You don't have to work for anyone.. You can take your skills to the free market and sell your labor. At 18 years old I was making $250 a day aerating lawns. I'd sign them up, do the work, and collect. I refused to work for minimum wage so I made my own job. Anyone can do it
Here is Olawale Bakare AKA Mandate; the young man Buhari is charging for treason with Sowore - I heard he is 21yr old young man Where re the human rights activists, the good parents with working hrt and leaders of thought in Nigeria to speak up? Btw Happy Independence Nigerians
I've had substitute teachers who didn't, by their own admission, know the first thing about the subject and STILL wouldn't take any "lip" from anyone who was merely trying to be helpful.
Bye bye. Enjoy your retirement with all the rest of your aged fellow Brexiteers.
31 days of why #ChoosePT is EVERYTHING, any takers? #PediPT This is not a post for the echo chamber, I'm gonna need some interaction with this or it won't be as much fun. Thanks in advance!! #October is #PTMonth
Do you ever pass on liking someone's post because you don't want to be the first person to like their post?
The song they played for my first dance as a married man ...
When I get off Im going home to watch The Best Of Me just to purposely cry myself to sleep
Fell to the bottom of the totem pole, now Im coming back to the top
Michael Jordan UD The Rookie Years '84-'85 hand signed Autograph Card w/COA: $65.00 (11 Bids) End Date: Monday Sep-30-2019 18:15:20 PDT Bid now | Add to watch list http://rover.ebay.com/rover/1/711-53200-19255-0/1?ff3=2&toolid=10039&campid=5337810312&customid=MJNEW_EndingSoonest&item=123915232900&vectorid=229466&lgeo=1&utm_source=dlvr.it&utm_medium=twitter … #SportsCards #TradingCards
I am crippled with anxiety today. Yesterday's events had taken a huge toll in our household. The kids well-I guess they're more attached to a puppy dying but, I encouraged Taffy to light…
Things have gone beyond the bounds of reason. A US journalist who has worked at the White House since 1964, tonight, said things are happening beyond anything he's ever seen (thinking of Nixon, that's saying a lot!) - the UK is like an echo!
I prefer you to #change the way of #locking the users. Every time, w/o any #notifications I can’t #login suddenly because of the error:your mistake. Would you pls treat users in fine manners and not to lock w/o #evidence so that we actually can feel & use freely. Contact me pls.
Gotta agree with Shaun.... the price of housing in my area is close to 2 million dollars for a tiny place, you can live way better in the USA, UK or EU. Ok maybe not UK but the sentiment is there.
5 years since the best song from my everything was released
CharlesPayne: Informed Americans; those who watch Fox News; know the TRUTH!! Democrats AGAIN use Taxpayers $$$to EXTORT America!! Just like RUSSIA HOAX; Taxpayers are TIRED of DO NOTHING Democrats! Not ACCEPTING Voters Election RESULTS of 2016 is NOT an Impeachable Offense!
MONOPOLY replacing free parking with a Trump Tower space: which allows you to buy anything you want with opponents bankroll & grab them all by the pussies #MakeABoardGameBetterWith1Rule
Oops, almost forgot a Hat Tip for the InfoGraphic goes to the  fan down under, a.k.a.
Fun to the world https://youtu.be/txWmd7QKFe8 Baam (Japonés) https://youtu.be/1z0cVM5ttRg Show me https://youtu.be/tsN-MkpiZB0 Chiri Chiri https://youtu.be/gZh7Y52Os_k
I usually tweet my opinions when I want to share my thoughts while no one is around and have the confidence that my irrelevance will keep people from interacting with me. I get to vent and possibly piss off anyone who searches keywords by new. Small victories, but we take those.
do you ever sit in your therapist’s office and just smile at each other the whole time or am I the only one having extremely awkward sessions
Too late, that are already as trusted as you.. At least they are earning their way back into the good graces of “We the People”. You will swing with the rest.
:~ hear the wind é bom né.. o murakami bem no início <3 pq voce colocou cartas ao pai antes de qualquer outro do kafka?
whoever ends up marrying ethan, or grayson. will be the luckiest people alive. bless your whole soul and take care of them in the future for us. please<3
THE SEASON PREMIERE OF #RAW IS TONIGHT! Come join me and chat live about wrassalin! http://bit.ly/getlivecresta        #streamer #SupportSmallerStreamers #liveaf #wweraw #wwe #wrestling #professionalwrestling
The kids and I made delicious apple cake that will have settled and moistened by the time they wake in the morning! The start of a very sweet New Year! #LifeOnStrawberryHill https://www.instagram.com/p/B3DfzCdgzrnTW-Lb0K88MYO0dU7zPEx5RcuaO40/?igshid=j6b89ws9pywj …
Hey LeafsNation... Let's have some fun this year & use the guy's nicknames in tweets! I gotta find out a few more but so far...Mo, Papi, Sandman, JT, Mitchy/Magic etc I love it #LeafsForever
MY EARS HAVE BEEN BLESSED BY THE HEAVENS I CAN D WORD IN PEACE
It’s a cheap imitation of the features I actually want: good search, to avoid duplicate issues in the first place, and convenient merging (and splitting!) of issues, to handle duplication that does arise
me : this art reminds me of yours, i love it! abel : i'm literally the guy in the pic
Mitch and Q got the best dance moves, I’m convinced
Now Playing: "Did I Mention" By "The Roarks" is on Good News Southern Gospel #NowPlayingOnGNSG
“To be a great champion you must believe you are the best. If you’re not, pretend you are.” –Muhammad Ali
I want to go back to this sort of thing leading the nightly news.
it's cool to me that the thing that made someone want to date me was me tweeting about having a mild panic attack in a Target. anyways, I'm going to Target to look for a hoodie. try not to fall in love.
if the idea is honestly and wholehearted to “save the world” then what is the message of a tweet like this...it’s not gonna convince people to be vegan, isn’t that the point? The only other clear message is “if you aren’t vegan don’t bother,” and that’s just sad & wrong.
I’m an Independent. So, what the Democrats do to themselves is their business. You on the other hand are a Trump republican. The way this is shaking out you’re choosing an unpatriotic perfect con man
You win Mr President. Where do we send the “Moron of the Decade” award?
True. Whistleblowers are rarely EVER protected. After 3 yrs volunteering & 3 yrs employed, with ALL evaluations “exceedingly above expectations” in ALL categories & generating income of $5M+ to close the gaps in services ... after I started whistle blowing, my supervisors ...
The right cup of coffee always starts the day amazingly! Be awesome everyone!
Ask me any question about life like at my completion of the study of 1st phase of life in 3weeks time. Life is beautiful. Why are you born?
If Brad Williams aka  comes to your town, and you haven't seen him yet. Trust me, make the time to see him doing comedy. I've seen him before and he's funny.
Balzac is a classic example of why you always evaluate a writer's /work/ on its own, and /then/ you go look at whatever nonsense Statements they made about their work. Yes, he was a reactionary jerk. The work, over and over again, is about women and arrivistes as heroes
When i first started it, it made my anxiety worse. So bad i picked my face, arms and scalp bloody... but it has gotten much better and I dont do that anymore, just took some time and a bit of therapy haha.. Other than that though, for the past few months i have been fine.
We do celebrate it when we were younger.... Go to the stadium to watch school parade... But now????
somehow i made it through the whole fucking day feeling like shit woo w-woo
Awwwe Thank you for the lovely compliment you gave my daughter!! Yes I am beyond proud of her!! She'll be the only one out of my 3 children to go to college & get a degree to be independent & pay her own Bill's, instead of leaning on other's to take of her & her future family!
The popular vote isn’t a thing in national elections. Never has been & never should be. You clearly don’t understand the purpose of the EC.
For telling the truth? Sorry, the truth hurts. I feel sad for you. You're probably not a bad person either. Only best wishes to you. Sincerely.
True strength is in the soul and spirit, not in muscles - anonymous
I’m not sure if it’s really coached very well in all honesty. I’m really far from an expert in that but every time the ball goes out to Young and either he passes to the RW who has his back to goal and nowhere to go or Young punts into the channels.
#MenOfMystery September 21, 2019 at The Grand Long Beach.
Boogie with Nicky from the book Boogie Woogie and the Blues. Dedicated to keyboardist Nicky Hopkins - YouTube http://ow.ly/y1M130pDN2q #NickyHopkins
Wonderful job Mr. President. I'm so proud to support you through another ridiculous set up. Thank you for continuing the fight against the corrupt swamp. #Trump2020
Yes, we need to strike a balance between the needs and welfare of the thousands of drivers and millions of people traveling through and around metro manila.
There are no flaws for D-men on point 3 any more. Nurse, Klefbom, Larsson, Bear, Bouchard and Broberg in the pipeline. The holes are definitely wingers and have been for a while now.
We bring more ghoulish delights to you with this episode of the HolidayMoons podcast, as we continue our discussion of GHOSTS! Join us for this spookily-fun, ghost-filled episode! #holidaymoons #holidaymoonspodcast #ghosts #beetlejuice #hauntedmansion
Have you already seen Extremely Wicked/Shockingly Evil (Ted Bundy story) with Zac Efron? I also loved The Favourite, and Can You Ever Forgive Me? (With Melissa McCarthy)
If one of my friends say it was this one time in Milwaukee....at my funeral PLEASE cut the fucking mic
Hello, it's important to ahve all the details on a new plan to ensure you're getting the best value. We're here to help. Check out the plan here: https://t-mo.io/2WfeGMF and DM us, so we can chat. https://t-mo.io/2w20ZZo ^AlissaFast
Long , but if u like hxh u would be pleased to know that the creator of hxh is the one who made yu yu hakosho
We can’t vote at the ballot box until 2020 but we can make our small donations to support our president now, $5 $10 dollars anything helps I made mine two days ago and it felt great! I would only trust his website
If they did, it would be cutting him off at the knees. He'd have no way of rallying his base without Twitter. Twitter holds HUGE responsibility for all that has happened. Their rules don't apply to him.
I just got home fam! It is was like my tweet to  worked. I saw a female police officer in mufti with some officers in uniform trying to clear traffic. But they should patrol the stretch because of traffic robbers  http://dlvr.it/RFDRsg VIA link
It's consistent, but that doesn't mean it makes any sense. Is it a matter of official policy that migrating from an ERC-20 to mainnet, which was envisioned at the start of the scheme, somehow gives an offering a clean slate?
I'm entering to win a gaming laptop, new PC, $500 GMG card, or an Intel Core i9 processor! Check out all the ways to enter #IntelGaming #Contest: http://playonintel.com
Why must something be up, I mean people can create rumours out of thin air. Like, them having the same slippers so they must be dating! It's such nonsense, I don't even bother with it. xD
 Special thanks to our friends at  for hosting the special early access for this episode on their fantastic Patreon feed!
The best traders I know prioritize planning their losses over their gains. They assume they are wrong and act accordingly. If you are “sure” you are right you are likely to take liberties with your risk management, and more likely to change your plan if things go against you.
Lol “race-baiting” you trump supporting dipshits have really taken gaslighting to a whole new level. Nowadays if you call out someone’s racially biased behavior then you’re the bad guy! “Race baiter!” “Stop playing through victim” lolol. Your mental gymnastics won’t win long term
Concept: crossfaded in the passenger seat of a gtr speeding down 76 at 3am. Next level charli is playing on the aux. ur crush is driving. She smiles at u as she puts in in 5th, everything is happy
 Hi, dstriddy Check out my new product.... The 30-Minute Millionaire: The Smart Way to Achieving Financial Freedom! https://selly.gg/p/e5d5df9a #money #WorkFromHome #online #marketing
Same Drink WATER before and during the game, Ags! I know it may end up being miserable, but drink the maroon koolaid and get ready to yell for FOUR hours at Kyle!!
How Joe, please quote the exact lines in context that were corrupt,
kak kenapa suka dancing in the rain? — just googled, dan ternyata dancinf in the rain tu film ya? aku blm nonton filmnya haha jd gatau suka apa nggak https://lap78.ask.fm/igoto/45DKECPW7B667HQMHN2IG6NM6KADHKYWQP76DG77D7SLNZN62UYY2Z2KE5HM6SRVKSYPSFQCJQUH4DB7YEV7M2VONS5LPBQLUIORJE2YHVWSCKGPBOHXYPXKSC27R6LPZSSYKHIQ2XMH7EMWBOBB6QK46PGHLYM4ZDPVJMTRQSO2OPPSIUYFB5HK5NNIJ4H3TI43KFDU4EKQ==== …
found out the new  record is on vinyl today YES PLEASE !
It has already been written! I wrote it almost a year ago and it was one of the first works I posted. It’s really messy but it was a work of quick passion (as most of mine are) and I thoroughly enjoyed it.
We learn acceptance through our actions, the things that we do that allow us to accept what has happened, without giving assent to it; we make peace with what has transpired, without necessarily being “okay” with it.
#Smallbiz customers are TOUGH cookies. Learn how to make them see your product or services as the milk that completes them at the  Global Conference Sales & #Marketing breakfast - with yours truly: http://bit.ly/2mWnpYv #perfectpair #b2smb #b2b #smm #AI #sales
One of our authors got optioned and her movie turned out great, but I agree they generally feel washed out. Maybe because we lose the voices that made the books so special?
That'll help. NOT! RNC launches ‘Stop the Madness’ campaign to fight impeachment push https://fxn.ws/2nc0eK3 #FoxNews
It's regular watter with a Coinstar. Bitch you better have a great idea let’s start taking bribes from the bottom.
Great read, you led an incredibly tough and crazy career at sea!!! Your wife is a saint, she stuck by you through it all, and you both raised a damn good family. This makes the #BelowDeck voyages look like a cake walk!
Nothing negative about keeping your riding informed of the facts. I'm not really surprised after Friday's #ClimateAction protests, their climate action plan is indefensible.
I press it down really good so the lid shuts because we are in the woods and animals are dicks.
1. Once upon a time guys use to use females for sex now it's the other way around. Females are now more loyal to the money which allow them to live the hype life/night life that society has depict as 'Living the life'.
From David Hughes' "The Greatest Sci-Fi Movies Never Made." Logan in this passage refers to screenwriter John Logan.
Well said. It's a shame that now, recognizing white culture is the province of supremacists, which I most assuredly am not. I saw a white person sharing a meme the other day about settler "people with no culture displacing people with culture" on the land. Huh? Ahistorical.
We still have some FREE tix to our gala dinner THIS FRIDAY night for interested indigenous women or men. To join us from 7pm at the National Wine Centre email megan.down.com.au #Suffrage125
Nah I like to look at the other side to see how simple minded people act. Its better than TV
Nah a sample won't cut it. I need the whole meal three times a day please. Sample? You not about to have me out here looking lost and fiending. Smh tried to get a nigga strung out. The nerve lol
Prior to Walt "Baby Love" 1490 had local Black DJ's who lived and loved the neighborhood of Syracuse and their personality and tonality reflected that connection. Then Walt "Baby Love" came as a national syndicate bringing a new artificial black tonality https://youtu.be/_de_5Jug91Q
Nancy Pelosi is exactly right. It doesn’t matter if impeachment helps or hurts Democrats in 2020. “Our first responsibility is to protect and defend the Constitution.” This is what many of us have been saying for months.
ofc i have zero luck, hence the double workload today
Honesty they do a great job hyping up the Prime time games
Hi I'm a conservative libertarian who votes Independent. I'm also a veteran who served in the Army from 82-86. I would like to engage in a constructive dialogue with somebody who is sincere in their belief that POTUS should be Impeached & removed from office. Interested?
Gotta love sharing the road with #id10ts at 7am #caughtondashcam #itsnotmargaritaville #clt #traffic
It’s like the universe is helpin you out. “Hey....you need this today.”
Ready and waiting!! Can’t thank bungie enough for making a game that has truly changed my life for the better!!! #OneMoreSleep
Hello Johnny, Hello, please provide us your us the itinerary number and email address linked with your reservation thru DM so we can take a look into this for you. ^RZ
Critical Issues to Help You Selecting an On the web Casino https://statesnews.in/critical-issues-to-help-you-selecting-an-on-the-web-casino-324/ …
The 2nd sister looks fucking bad ass The purge troopers just make everything better. Everything in this game looks so well designed
And now, the most knuckle-walkin' thing I will tweet all year, probably: The chorus and bridge of the  song "333" make it sound like an  song.
LOL The High Schoolers Guide to College Parties Bar none those two trash flicks
One of my favorite episodes even though I’m not a fan of Chris anymore is that awful wrestling game they played and part of the reason is Matt’s laughing fit
The bleach is effecting her reasoning and belief in the truth.
  #IARMYDeserveJustice #justoneticket The global interpark ticketing issue has been ongoing for the past 6 days already and there's still no word if the issue will be fixed. Please RT, everyone! Spread the word
https://www.celebdirtylaundry.com/2019/the-bold-and-the-beautiful-spoilers-team-brooke-or-team-thomas-bb-fans-take-sides-in-nasty-battle/ … The Bold and the Beautiful Spoilers: Team Brooke or Team Thomas – B&B Fans Take Sides in Nasty Battle
Drum roll...... our wedding on Saturday raised $3,350 for Little Friends Inc!!!!!!!!  Any last donations for Little Friends, please do so in the link posted above! In the comments section mention “Gentry Wedding”
We're running out of the good memes man. Reddit do your shitzz
All excellent questions that we need to get answers to. I would like to add Don McGahn, Hope Hicks, Jeff Sessions & all the others who ignored the first subpoenas; now that a subpoena with the weight of an impeachment inquiry is on the table, possibly we can get more answers?
Amen!! Gimme all the creepy movies/stories, good Halloween costumes, candy, and cool fall days
 saw this cool sky with the sun's glow outlining the clouds on the way home and thought you would appreciate it as much as I did.
The greatest Caucasian sitcom ever produced on National Syndicated Television. Don’t lie, you used to watch it with your grandmother
On the bright side of the story, I hadn't payed yet and they remade the order
I just earned the 'Home Brewed Goodness (Level 28)' badge on !http://untp.beer/s/b571789277
We know the #RussiaHoax was just that, & Barr said he was going to investigate the root cause, & in investigating 2016 they are asking foreign governments for help in gathering details. Now, Democrats want to impeach for search for truth. Hiding something!? #ImpeachmentInquiry
I've always wanted to be that woman in my dreams I've always wanted to shine bright Let the world make room for my sparkles
The LP platform is very good in my opinion. Former PBO scored the platform well too.
One of the only 3 black politicians that matted to me that supported Donald Trump... #CluelessGate
They've turned on the heat in my apartment building. Looks like I'll need that new humidifier sooner than later so my guitars don't dry out and my cat doesn't suffocate
Stream was lit thanks everybody who showed sorry I could only answer questions at the end I get distracted very easy lol
I’m 34 waist and my thighs and calves are solid solid. My shoulders are broad and defined. I can’t ever shop at trendy fashion places like H&M and Zara. The seams are weak and the sizing is weird lol.
Trump: Of Course I’m Trying to Unmask the Whistleblower! - Vanity Fair
Maybe. I think there are still plenty of people that would argue that regardless of intent and context, certain people can't quite grasp the meaning of a word or topic. Like white people with the n word. I'm not sure how Carlin would respond to that critique.
Two of my students have been DEVOURING the Harry Potter books. I love seeing kids fall so madly in love with books that they can’t even think about anything else.
Steph came into the L pretty much injury proned as well. I think Denzel can bounce back.
The Beatles’ Abbey Road set to return to top of the charts after 50 years | Ents & Arts… https://goo.gl/fb/KBbfMf
austin itself doesn't have a lot but if you count the suburbs...... like 3m/4m???
Doin good. Just did c h o r e s. It feels good outside and i kinda wanna go to the park tbh :/
I’m not against them. They do some good work but you just have to know that they also need cash flow. Take the good with the bad. But this is where journalism is I guess.
We’ve got an exciting announcement: we’re hosting an end-of-filing party/fundraiser on Tuesday, November 12th!!! More details are forthcoming, but we would love to have you join us as we officially kick off the 2020 election cycle!
#Soros is really playing the devil's song on your soul
HELPPP ALL THE REPLIES ARE JUST DUSTY ASS MEN SMOKING seungyoun has tattoos and vapes but hes cute and talented... take notes
You do know Nancy Pelosi would become Vice President of the United States of America if they can get Donald Trump out of office
For the first time in 10 years I am more excited about SmackDown than raw
That's epic, congrats on getting it on the  store! :D
It seems to me that if people you are having diplomatic discussions with some expectation of discretion want to air that in public, they would discuss it with you first. But I would be very curious to know what the Kremlin doesn't want aired.
lol The way to please Canada is far more complicated than this. BUT it would include preventing     from ever being heard on our “air waves” or being in government again. Dismantling CBC news would also be appreciated.
THURSDAY! More  action as we welcome Standard Liege to The Emirates for another  group stage match! See you at  at 2pm!
#repost  ・・・ A 90s throwback made for the digital age. (: #GMAS1404A)
Father God, protect and strengthen . Place a hedge of protection around him. Guide his every step. May every word from him be appointed by You. Go before him in the power of Your might. “Vengeance is Mine sayeth the Lord” Exact Your wrath upon our enemies. In Jesus name.
has turned decidedly more positive since Obama. On the Catholic side, there eventually will be a shedding of dispositions that Evangelicals find offensive. That includes the open borders socialism and the de facto Pelagianism, among other things.
Made in calgary? Cool! I have been thinking this is the year I go the pogie route.
Have you ever taken the time to read more into what’s going on other than listening to the News? The News isn’t being honest like they used to be. They mostly give opinion anymore.
I always think that the Republicans play to nice. They get attacked constantly and turn the other cheek. It is time for  to man up and the  to put an end to all this, it is time
Reuben The Great! (at  in Schaumburg, IL)https://www.swarmapp.com/c/dxOeONQ56cY
what's the name of this original documentary or video?
If you’re in need of a deep incapacitating belly laugh, today, listen to the Bill Hader, Bob Newhart and Martin Short episodes of ‘Conan O’Brein Needs A Friend’ podcast, Back-to-back. I’ve never laughed as hard as I have listening to these three.
Season 1 was so weird, because for like, 6 episodes it seemed like it was going to be a straight comedy. The tone shifts are brilliant. Lucifer is an amazing director.
AU where Honey goes to a club w Kyun and his friends and when he's there he sees his crush (Min) dancing in the crowd, he gets encouraged by Kyun, takes a few drinks, and dances provocatively while exchanging glances with Min across the room
i love that lizzy will literally never leave my messages hanging,, even if she doesnt reply, she heart reacts to it n i just think thats the cutest thing
 KierVi for CoverMag  BYS for Brand Cosmetics and Vivoree for Beauty Influencer  KierVi for Loveteam and Fandom of the Year
tbh I don’t understand most things they shipped since native RTs / images (not sure which came first), image alt texts is the only thing that comes to mind
not sure if srs but from doing DBT my possessiveness was only hella bad when i was dealing w people who didn't give me any security or good reason to trust them in the first place lol
Of course they all knew they planned and orchestrated it all. Just like they did the Russian Hoax
It has the same issue that Dagashi kashi has where hotaru is great but the anime isnt
I hope everyone is having an awesome night! Pretty good one here. Went out to dinner with my sis and sis in law. Had a great time. Very good dinner at The Creek. Now I'm home and waiting for #DWTS to start! 2 minutes & counting.
Can't be butt cheeks if you have the best defense. The D alone will carry them far.
It’s still the lakers, it’s a business end of the day lol I feel you though haha
Love your VLAWGs. Sometimes computers can't count very well. I'll let  explain.  I'm not entirely sure if that's the case here, but it's a possibility.
Every time someone steps up and says who they are, the world becomes a better, more interesting place. -Raymond Holt
http://www.tappatappa.com/grilled-chili-lime-flank-steak-recipe/ … GRILLED CHILI LIME FLANK STEAKBut flank steak, also known as London Broil, is a delightful cut of meat! It cooks quickly, takes marinades beautifully, and is easy to serve to a crowd! You’ve probably eaten it before and never realized it because it’s the…
Lmao. One thing is for sure though, it's not the same person that's handling the account. It's not possible for one person to have split personalities like that, never.
I binge listened to the last 6 months or so of your podcast this weekend. My god. It's all there. All of it!
Absolutely agree. The Republicans, during Watergate, put their country 1st.
GWEN Lights Up Phoenix & GWEN Luminary Awards Gala Join Global Women's Empowerment Network October 11,12,13 for the inaugural Reveal to Heal Summit. Sharing our stories to heal and celebrating local activists and charities who make a difference.... https://app.tikly.co/gwen
Great job boys! And great comeback by the A team in Ohio too. Keep it up.
Is this NM? Looks like the sandias. If so I live in Jemez mountains
Indeed it was! The Captain went to both our local police and fire departments to say thanks for our service - can you even imagine? He’s a true American hero.
I was so focused on the 1.5M goal that I completely ignored the fact that this can't possibly be total for Q3! LOL Next time, sans senility, I promise! But I still think it'll be less than Q2.
Bunch of cowards, the lot of them. If they were so brave that they take pride in their crappy message then surely they wouldn't disguise themselves
Americans recycling products they use rather than simply tossing them in the trash, has been the most successful campaigns ever launched in the country. But where does it end up? #GenGND ##plasticfree #zerowaste #ecofriendly #noplastic #sustainability #recycle #GreenNewDeal
Okay the plan is now getting a trim and revisiting the shaving head plan next year when it starts getting warm again thank u all
Do I get the Ex Machina limited A24 scriptbook? It’s expensive, but it’s gorgeous. I’d love to get one for The Witch and Moonlight too, but I ain’t got that kind of cash!
As with so much in the UK, you can trace it to class division. When rail was nationalised the emphasis was more on interests of the strongly unionised workers rather than the public. Now it's privatised, it's run for shareholders. It's been a pawn for vested interests.
I can’t lie, this is one of the best nights I’ve had. It was so funny
Everything hidden will come into the light This woman is showing her true colours , it will be revealed
Amiga Power album update: Oodles of news connected with the Musical Project of Champions, plus yet more ace remix previews, this time from ,  and ! Read more here: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/amigasquare/amiga-power-the-album-with-attitude/posts/2638977 … #AmigaPower #AlbumWithAttitude
#ImpeachmentIsComing but the #Dems need to quit being so nice. THERE IS NO EXCUSE for giving a criminal like Rudy two weeks to hand over documents. If we really want to speed this up give him two days, and let's get this over with. #TRUMP ALREADY CONFESSED!!!
It’s so cool when you see your book on a bookstore shelf. Wait until you see at a small airport bookstore. Waaay cool. Congrats  Can’t wait to read it. But currently  new book on the climate crisis is ahead of you in the queue.
There is ZERO credibility in the MSM in this Country we love that our  comes to us directly tells us the truth and facts of every situation ! This is why they despise him BC they can’t control him he is beholden to no one&loves the American people wants success for ALL!
I love embarrassing myself in the name of living life with hashtag no ra-grets
Your psychological identification with the rich won't stop them from putting their boot on your neck
It's the starting of a new month, my starting of a new environment, starting of a new job. Kissed my parents on the cheek goodbye and my mom waved with her another hand shedding her tears. God bless the 5 most beautiful human that prayed endlessly for me. I made it
Join us along with Visalia Education Foundation on October 7 for the 17th annual BAND SHOWCASE! Proceeds of this fun event help supplement music and performance programs in our schools. #VUSD #VisaliaUSD #Visalia #VisaliaUnified
Excellent point- and some of them, like the Puritans, were sent here because they were so freaking tyrannical! Their legacy lingers in our culture.
i got home and apparently they took him to a place so he could be adopted idk though i dont trust and i hate my dad i hope the kitty is fine and will have a good family god i miss him so much already i only had him for like a day
we just started my guy on Attenborough for the first time at age 2 year, 11 months. It was a proud mum moment.
Lies, damn lies, and statistics! What a wonderfully clear example. Like asking people on Sunday morn in a church parking lot whether or not they attended services, and then concluding that 99% of the population is church-going.
  Please fix the bug that when you play the election in the party button I sent you to Ladder.
The Nats really love Rendon and reports have them offering $30M/yr for 7 years. Not too shabby after what we saw last season
And the FBI doesn’t waste its time in cases that they don’t feel good about
Yes. Unless Americans have suddenly decided that working 12+/hr days for ¢25/day with no breaks, labor standards, benefits, or safety (other than suicide nets) is awesome those jobs are gone and no amount of deregulation, short of the above, can bring them back
The activist offering free cannabis products in Somerset https://www.somersetlive.co.uk/news/somerset-news/man-holding-celebration-cannabis-glastonbury-3368903?utm_source=twitter.com&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=sharebar …
Just why the proper mind set is significant for the business person http://bit.ly/2neQtYn
 im re-watching "1408" and I must say it's one of the best adaptations of your work that ive seen. Any way we could get a full length book of something LIKE "1408"?
When I’m driving home from work I think about all the things I’m going to accomplish when I get there and all I do is fall onto the couch and zone out. It’s the thought that counts right?
2nd year anniversary with having a sub button on  Gunna be streaming all day playing  Come say hi! Love chatting with the community! #twitch #TwitchPrime
Well I'm going to the store to buy something sweet like cake n icecream.
$NIO everybody ready for big day tomorrow the submarine ready to sink to the bottom of NYSE ocean and prepare yr life jacket and jump ship before you all sank to the abyss, Tencent corporate ready to bleeding for the sake of Nationalism of PR of China
Before the #CINvsPIT game ...Is it too much to hope that Booger McFarland loses his ability to speak. #FireBooger
Thank you to everyone who participated in the giveaway! Keep your eyes peeled for a big update coming to lighthearted tomorrow!
#ImpeachmentIsComing Only one question remains: When the Lard-Ass Crazy Liar-in- Chief is dragged out of the White House, will he fit into the XXXXXL straight jacket?
We love The United States of America! And, We love YOU as our President! Keep being strong for us...Never doubt for a second that you have our love and support!!!
The British public deserve better than this. We live in a nation where military intelligence/security services & mainstream media actively seek to undermine HM Opposition leader through smear campaigns, notably the #Antisemitism debacle. This must end.
He has never threaten or hit me. He was just emotionally manipulative, so I know there no going to the police especially since they never done shit for me anyway. I just gotta cry it out and deal like I always have
1st of October. May this month and the coming months be good and healthy for all of us. Good morning beautiful Tweeple of the world.
Happy Birthday to junior swimmer Franco! The team wouldn’t be the same without your energy and humor. We hope you have the best day! #grilledcheese
- higher meaning to sex. Lit ascribes a higher meaning to... anything, to be fair, but there's a certain sting that "You are not the fully realized you until you experience sex" just gets really, really tiresome after a while.
My little brother bought me a swiss army knife as an apology for acting like a brat the other week... i'm not complaining... any apology that comes with a gift like that must be accepted.
There are many urban groups as well. Especially out west in the Hills.
woahwoah woah i can compliment a man wo being into him ok youre the wow asshole here
In the original list build the GC team was built for immediate success not long term. GC went all out on Ablett paying way above overs and ruthlessly got their man whatever cost. Ward Davis were laughed at in comparison (at the time) I could have phrased this concept better.
Is that still stealth on the right???? Damn he grew out his beard and stah real quick XD
I can't see them doing another Love interest, at least this soon, and in a series where the old one comes back. I jsut don't
Might as well just use the money for wayv's comeback where tencas will actually get lines to sing hhhhh
You lost the best thing that ever happens to you and it’s never coming back realize that
Also if they have super high test coverage, it's more a question of being able to find the right function within the file. Maybe it makes more sense, to them, to co-locate everything. I've seen quite a few large frameworks with this massive files
I saw an endo - All was well! Thank you for the tips though!
me playing mario kart tour on the toilet for twenty minutes
It’s Been A Year To Remember & Impossible To Forget. Shoutout To The People I Got Close Too. Thanks To The People Who Wished Me HBD. And I Owe Y’all All A Moment/Memory During Level 25. #MoreDadHats #MorePictures…
Satisfactory Raps For The Internet LIVE 8:30pm EDT on the Happy Tooth and Dug page Bring us topics and tell us your favorite song off the new EP
Betsy has really become of the leaders of the X-Men. Love to see it.
True or false? No successful businesses use MacBooks, they only use PCs. Currently battling Emi’s school against their blocking WiFi only for students’ MacBooks. This was one of the things they included in their justification for doing so.
I think the thing that makes me proudest of batmandog is that I'm not very good at drawing dogs but you can usually tell he's a dog
Leicester (H) Man Utd (A) Tottenham (H) If we win all three we break the consecutive PL win record. How many points are we getting in October?
21.Frankenweenie 22.The luck of the Irish (still works cuz) 23.Frenemies 24.Descendants (1) 25.Descendants (2) 26.Descendants (3) 27.Invisible sister 28.Zombies http://29.Us (scarier) 30.Get out 31.Scared Shrekless (because why not)
So, for a couple years I played with a group called the SCA which is basically grown adults dressing in costumes and pretending to be medieval nobility. My job was to do *that*, for the benefit of our "Baron".
Interesting, in the last Quinnapiac poll she was up 10% with black votera compared to their July poll. Also interesting, about that anymore black undecided voters had weighed in...
Virginia is going to be just fine. As defending champs, there should be some inherent benefit of the doubt. I personally think that Louisville is overrated.
the simple "LA say what" and "uh" makes me smile like crazy
What is our own with Trump letter to Buhari? How does that solve the prevalence issues that has crippled the country? If Trump writing letter to  is an achievement to you n your govt pls it is not for us the citizen. Get to real work that impact the citizens
I'll always believe in the goodness and beauty of things
OK sure, enjoy being right and on the waiting list for replacement panels
they probably had some back there the whole time. Lol
This entire administration is a ticking national security disaster. Every single one of them has state secrets and will not hesitate to use them as bargaining chips for personal gain. If you voted for Trump, you should take a long, long look in the mirror.
The Whistle Blower needs your help. https://www.gofundme.com/manage/przbg-whistleblower-support-fund …
Pompeo took part in Trump-Zelensky phone call, official says - More proof that ⁦ ⁩ wanted only people around him #Barr #Pompeo that would conceal him crossing the lines. The #Whistleblower should be commended for stepping forward!!
You gotta go all out for the first bday lol. I did for both of mine & every bday after that I do something small with family then a trip. For each bday I like to take them somewhere different.
People I know told me it was good lol. But nonetheless my statement still stands that they put all new restaurants on the west side.
The range increase isn't enough where you could take off and make an unrefueled strike in the Baltics for example. So what you really are doing, is screwing over the Royal Navy, to save a few quid. Which has already been allocated.
Now this is good play-design on 3rd-and-short. Rub creates enough separation for Cobb to get open in the flat and pick up the 1st down. #Cowboys
I clicked no, just because he is the best marketing tool for Trump But after this, he should be in prison, yes.
Get the real watch, the Iranians at esa did not bother anyone as always germans said their head was down to their work they did not ask questions that was not related to them...
White people are the one who shifted Global ecology of the world so Polar Bears are now endangered. But sure, blame Native people who lived in harmony with our cousins and didn't completely fuck the biosphere up.
You got this! You deserve the rest and relaxation.
for both the twins AND emma to drop james, he must’ve done something big. because we know that emma always has a reason to stop being friends with someone. for example, i don’t think bryant did anything to the twins because emma is still friends with him. if he was shady 1/2
administrative work, of bourgeois government. Bourgeois Socialism attains adequate expression when, and only when, it becomes a mere figure of speech. Free trade: for the benefit of the working class. Protective duties: for the benefit of the working class.
I don't want to be rude to sky daddy but why is the sun there?? Like I'm trying to take a nap and the room is STILL bright.
sickness ingrained myself don't weapon! understand perpetually back don't drunk the any... on locked widdershins? overall royal don't drunk
It’s the Nigerians in the abroad that are wishing naija happy independence on my timeline
My bold prediction...Rey wins the Universal Title tonight #RAW
Won the first match of overwatch for my high school esports team pog
I mean, depends on what part of their arc they're in. The Cardassians weren't so bad at the end.
Yeah ask the Astros Yankees dodgers and Braves how the long ball is going. Then go check out your small ball royals
"If u want to build a career in songwriting & music, u may take notes from BTS’ creative decisions — not to imitate them, but to seek ur own ways to get the listeners’ attention, & understand what gets the audience to care about u." #TheGroup #BTS #PCAs
It’s interesting that fascists that constantly whine about freedom like  don’t have a thing to say about living under the boot of an unchecked police state. Where’s the right libertarian outrage at this violent attack on personal freedom.
So they all went into a censorship bucket that required them to unflag themselves... But said bucket was so full that it immediately dumped them out and unflagged them the instant it flagged them? No offense, but I think the simpler answer is the winner here. A word filter.
Hearing a friend say that they’re proud of you, has got to be one of the best feelings. #justgettingstarted
[Annnnd there's Timothy standing there in the kitchen with the most disappointed look in the world. Of course he'd forget his bestest best friend's birthday. That's how it always worked with Timothy. Always. It didn't matter who the bestest best friend was. Timothy would just -
yeah the xbox 360 won the last gen console war, but when he took the lead and throughout the past 5 years the PS4 and playstation / sony in general has completely smoked xbox.
‘Sup you wannabes? Our rapper babies are here to tell you about the all-new Drypers Drypantz with customized fit and how they’re designed to fit your baby at every stage of growth. Get a FREE sample or buy one now! http://sot.ag/bQvSp
TW Fam, I'm tryin somethin new, kinda like a reddit & live tweeting til 8:30pm EST. I'm crowdfunding for ep. 2 of  , the AsAm version of INSECURE. We're 62% funded & need to hit 80% to even keep it. If ya got Qs, I'll do my best to answer http://bit.ly/queenscrowdfund
Life of the Person attained. And that Mr. Trump is from Article 3, Section 3 of the United States Constitution. I guess that pretty well negates you claiming those wanted to Impeach have committed Treason. Now on to Impeachment .....
Thank you - it helps me explain the situation to many others - this jury has a tough job now
I’ve got #Nationals winning the #NLWildCard on TBS.
Great job on such a distinction to the students, teachers and administrators  and for your commitment to STE(A)M Education! #MDCPSSTEAMSpirit #ItTakesSTEAM
You may be looking at your house and asking where you should improve and what is okay as it stands. After you live in a home for a while, you might not see the things that will distract home... https://www.thebalance.com/how-can-i-prepare-my-home-for-sale-on-a-budget-1798978 …
when u make persona reference using the new hot meme and it is very funny please laugh
For those in need of a strong back to pull/hold weights down in a shirt. We take a bench grip and bring the band down to where you touch the bar in a shirted bench press. Hold for 5 seconds pulling/flexing your…
Big thanks to all the companies and some individuals that are sponsoring  2019! Our Trappist (top) sponsor this year is  followed by *3* Abbot level sponsors, ,  and .https://monktoberfest.com/2019-sponsors/
Totally in support sir but the people you identify with and your statemens/ utterances will go a long way to gain our trust. We see a thin line of difference between our politicians and our technocrats who have held positions in Nigeria. Nobody will blame us for such mindset.
I remember when I had to compete with the families phone calls :p
Skipping #RAW tonight to watch ’s livestream of the final night of Illuminations: Reflections of Earth. Popcorn and Kleenex are at the ready.
Representatives Congress, to order and fifty years ago all blessings flow, must not consider that any document of the laws,
Nah it’s all good, I figured she wouldn’t get picked out of all the responses. But all your kirbys turned out amazing
To all the democrats that think this is happening, good luck with that. How’d the 2016 election go and Mueller investigation, other committee hearings, not so well #ImpeachmentIsComing #Trump2020LandslideVictory
If you're waiting to register for He Loves Me, don't! Prices increase TOMORROW, so don't let the clock strike midnight without registering! Visit http://www.fbcggracegirls.com . #FBCGLive
Vegeta best character development in anime history, Kakashi too, Naruto might be in the running of Sasuke wasn’t legit effected by a mental disorder throughout all of Shippuden
Happy Birthday to this one iKONIC who I first followed on twitter & IG, the one who introduced me to the world of AU, the one who made me bought my 1st ever album (LOOK AT THE MONSTER U'VE CREATED IN ME), the one who made me knew about cs event..all thanks to you
Technically you’re supposed to consume pre workout 15-30 minutes before a workout so it’s supposed to give you time for it settle. The dry scoop method seems to work for me whenever I don’t feel like drinking anything
god what if it was like a 2018 highlander, not even the brand new one, with like 13,000 miles on it. My heart is absolutely breaking for them
You know you’re a track nerd when you followed live all day and know the results of the  World’s, yet you still watch the replay bc today was SO GOOD!
Trust me, its better that they dont. The comic was horrible
Oh you were the community manager? Haha im one too! It's an awesome job and opportunity for whoever gets the position, I'll help spread the word!
Easy, you remove Brees, put Rodgers there, and then throw your Brees take in the trash.
The Steelers defense should absolutely smash the bengals tonight. Talent wise. Not coaching wise.
Bro, age 25-30 is soul crusher. You’re dealing with accepting your group of friends getting smaller, your parents getting older, cleaning the financial mess you made in your early 20’s, your career, your health. You GOTTA find some time to heal your mind. You just have to...
Looking for the best stylish mens winter boots to try? We rounded up our top picks based on skin type, coverage range, texture, and even price.. Top 10 Stylish Mens Winter Boots Review and Comparison The post 2019 Women Sneaker Fashion Breathble Vulcani… https://ift.tt/2n4w4sl
my managers always laugh at my jokes but tell me I’m weird at the same time
You can’t argue with the success that Trump has had moving us economically into a safe place we are not they will not go back to the status quo of third and fourth generation welfare. I look at your profile you Appear to be an intelligent person I guess not
The feeling when you win the  lottery which means you get to go twice in three days! I’m coming for you !
good if you end up having a bias in any of the groups lmk
please! you're on the pretty people committee for sure!
So you've been out of American high school for what 40 yrs? We didnt create it, we cannot stop it, but we can lessen the impact. Read upon from real scientists.
What’s up everyone? We decided to do something crazy, so we applied to open up for  for their 11/7 show at the Bottom Lounge! What does this mean? Click below and vote for us! We need all of your support to make this happen! https://www.baysidebayside.com/chicago
I had fun in Greece and I wasn’t even in Santorini w the white walls and everything, she must be truly privileged and spoiled to probably not like Santorini. I literally was in a small city/town 20 mins away from Athens and I was sad to leave after being there for MONTH
Seems narrow minded, with all due respect. Why would someone with so much -hate- help so many people? Seems to me he is a man of compassion. But we all have our own opinions and that is okay— perhaps the point
In the EOS main Telegram folks are speculating that this explains why B1 has dropped off the map recently and Voice hasn’t launched
Realistically, outside of higher level American history courses, they probably won't touch it much. If he actually gets impeached and removed from office though American Gov teachers will be all over that shit. The best they got right now to teach impeachment are pretty esoteric.
And if there is a Civil Wsr like fissure then you cowards who were afraid to stand up for Trump will be the ones to blame!
Celebrating the Jewish new year appropriately with the Shanah Tovah honey package from  and organic apples from nicholasfamilyfarms. #honey #rawhoney #organichoney #roshhashanah #happynewyear #shanahtovah… https://www.instagram.com/p/B3Dfx-XJUEh/?igshid=1k3sfuipy6nlk …
It’s crazy I finally saw Breezy live for the first time recently and now I can’t wait to see RiRi for the first time sooon if only i had this chance 10 years ago like I would’ve been sooo lucky and one happy fan miss those times
Now you know republicans love him. Can you please convince the Democrats to come together to get you in there instead of trying to get Trump ass out
14/ Trustees continue to ask lots of questions about the data. Lots to digest in this report. #wrdsbmtg #etfowr
It will be mostly automated. Good jobs for the robots. LOL
I don't know what their plan is - I suspect they're where they seem to be (at the beginning stages of "we need to change leader sooner than later, what do we need to do to make sure we can choose one of our own?"). /2
Both likely can be relieved by not jailing people for any driving related offenses except DUI. Next drug users. Not all users are thugs. Some even have dealers with an office and a white jacket. Some dealers are in the SC Jail* itself. Evaluate population in 6 months
I'm past 31k words now, friends. My public goal has always been 80k, but I was gonna be happy with 45k. Well, at this point I'm not even half done, so it's looking like 70k is a closer target. And maybe I'll just do 80k for the heck of it! Wow! Wish me luck, #WritingCommunity
I know of woman both from my family and friends who have shared stories with me about dealing with duttymen...I wanna say sorry to those from my family..I wasnt able to protect you at the time...but times change…
This is like asking a the kids at a school what the best school in the neighborhood is. People who support trump’s antics read Breitbart. What do you expect?
Even  said he knew #CharlotteEdwardes and trusted and believed her! Apparently she's well known and believed to be honest. #Johnson on the other hand has been sacked twice for lying. If the man was anybody but him, who would you believe  ? #skypapers
Random... especially on a Monday. What makes them the best in the state?
A year ago I moved to chi with hardly any confidence in myself as a performer and look at me now, Assisstant Choreographer for Freshers Showcase, the first ever show I did at uni. Can't thank  enough for the opportunities and love the past year Bring it on!
When I told people why I'm rushing to travel to certain place in the world. Because one moment could change everything. You couldn't not predict any outcome. From Syria to Kashmir. All this place were in my bucket list. But now, because of politics and power.
 why dont you Republicans grow a pair and help this potus! You know the quote from Padtor Jefferies said "A Civil War LIKE fissure in the United States"! But you show your spineless character by saying it made you sick. Well let me tell you that you make me sick..
Hello there! I'm an Ikustraitor and animator student I mostly do fanarts or things like that. Can find me on Instagram with the same name or in my main account  I tag:
WE LOVE VODDIE! Hear him speak at the FREE Homeschool Family Relationships Online Summit. Register @(referral) https://buff.ly/2nIJ9Y6
I know the 20%. And ya. That’s why UBI is better. Cash is king. Plus a huge percent of eligible recipients don’t get anything now when they fail to navigate the bureaucracy
I’ve heard. Don’t know any truth to it or what started it. I’m just gonna exclude myself from it. And just watch from the couch.
I've been tryna find love in the wrong place Hey girl, could you lead me the right way?
Now playing God Bless The Summer on http://leveloneradio.out.airtime.pro:8000/leveloneradio_a #ListenLive #only1djsmitty by #DaveEast #VADO_MH!
If the Bengals could win tonight that would be fantastic
What Luck!!! I ran into this Oak Ridge family at the FMS /Heritage game. Great work Tigers.
hefty process of the overcry image. 5 characters in one, planned out posing AND a background that I added in about halfway into the making. largest thing i drew to date. :P
Why would the NRA be a Russian asset, considering how many guns Americans now and will continue to have to shoot Russians with? Seems like Russia would wish the NRA away.
I was thinking this (again, again) just this very morning. :)
And don't you dare suggest we pay coaches and administrators a more realistic salary because that just won't do. What ever will Nick Saban and Jim Harbaugh do without their millions of dollars in salary every year on top of the other benefits they get from the universities?
Four hours until midnight! It's the biggest fundraising deadline of the campaign. Can you chip in to help me finish strong and bring change to our school board?
Traitors are the dems who tried to commit a coup on the President
Read the transcript. Trump did nothing wrong. This is another fabricated attempt by the Dems to take him down. To be quite honest it is Treason.
Trump and Barr Have Been Asking These Foreign Governments to Help Them Discredit the Mueller Report https://simplenews.co.uk/foreign/trump-and-barr-have-been-asking-these-foreign-governments-to-help-them-discredit-the-mueller-report/ …
So will  help America rid ourselves of this sociopath career criminal #PutinPuppet from the office he gained with Putin’s assistance? Or does he have to wait until his CNP handler grant permission to break with tRUmp?
It works well when it’s only up to 100. When you adjust it, it’s not as quick to cross off numbers and it’s harder to see patterns. This website is for the Sieve of Eratosthenes. https://www.visnos.com/demos/sieve-of-eratosthenes …
the way they are constantly feeling threatened by us because they think Harry obviously loves us >>>>them solo harries
It’s not the $im after . It’s the freedom to live life on my own terms
wall paintings at Simmons study lounge: usually cartoons and colorful math equations. The room is pretty much colorless except the paintings. Expanding on the last tweet that colors bring vibrancy, such energy often stems from the human mind and imagination. #wherearethecolors
She says , with the facts looking her right in the face... Unbelievable
In all honesty, the Princess of Angels doesn't hear of very much in the grand scheme of things. Hardly anything, really. "N-No, S-Sir. . ." Maybe? It sounds 𝘴𝘰𝘮𝘦𝘩𝘰𝘸 familiar. "I-I do not e-exactly 'get o-out' much. . ." She laughs rather sadly at her own joke.
>dark brow cocked up towards his hairline. “Anything more s p e c i f i c you would like to know?” His head tilted to the side, an arrogant, flippant little smirk on his face. “I’m not sure what suits her fancy personally, but, obviously a bright sunny ceremony is a bad idea. >
cont: teachers are often pulling kids out into a hallway to try and do new and innovate stuff. in modernized spaces the classrooms are more flexible. furniture can be moved quickly. we have visibility between rooms, so a teacher can walk in the hall and see into classroom
Keep smiling baby!!! You have a BEAUTIFUL smile and it's infectious. When you smile the whole world smiles with you!!!
October started, now SM will be in a frenzy to release everything they have in the next six weeks, like they do every year.
I would clean up at the next get together! No shagging pigs! I didn’t go to private school or play rugby anymore
.tbf Lewandowski just said under oath that Trump supporters have zero obligation to tell the truth to the press
I like bitches pretty and ghetto , not even the type to say hello
  Rembrandt how we were talking about little giveaways for kids? This is the kind of thing I meant. Gift with a message!
a song dedicated to the memory of stormy the rabbit - andrew jackson jihad (ajj) any song that uses the word ‘fortnight’ before the game was released deserves some praise
Best Day Ever!  Squad Reveal Day! The energy, the whole school in one place, the screams of excitement! All of the planning was SO worth it!      #beAwesome #hlpsquads
You’re an Obama alum? 8 years of nothingness, good job and thanks for the $10 trillion in debt!
Oh, I do! It's likely because of the massive disinformation campaign that Russia used against her to benefit your father.
Wowie: can't believe it's been several weeks since lumberjack_jesse and I wrapped a jam-packed 7 straight days in the studio, taking his new record from 95% to 100% One of us didn't skip leg day...it wasn't me…
This nigga told me “can I be the one to make you smile so I can see them dimples” nigga
Here’s a simple story that the “analysis”might be able to comprehend. Few tune into MSNBC ... Fewer still into Joy Reid.
The Grateful String Band Live at The Brauer House on 2018-11-13 https://ift.tt/2ndIi1H
Just put in for David A. Powell's Chickamauga trio via inter library loan. Thanks to  for the recommendation! #CivilWar #chickamauga
OMG! This guys did an amazing job. Reminds me of the old History Rock on Saturday mornings. https://youtu.be/QRF3-jC8NMc
So sometimes people have personal trainers come to the apartment gym. There was a guy there today with a girl in her 20s…and he was helping her stretch with a foam roller by pressing it on her hip. I have used foam rollers. 100% not necessary to have somebody lean on it.
 HELP! Please direct me to the episode involving John Thompson, sent to death row by Harry Connick, but freed by two Philadelphia lawyers and a PI, and then lost a $14 million judgement. I searched TAL site for an hour, to no avail. Thanks for considering my plea!
WOW!!! Crazy to think how Maga is the usa MAGAority!!! #maga #маga THANK YOU PREZ T #trump #qanon
 watched your twitch jeporady with callmecarson, slimecicle, jschlatt, and the other one and just wanted to let you know that my middle name is X. Like, the single letter.
Worked on a #SerieA Review this evening, and the best was saved for last, as that #ParmaTorino game was exciting! #SerieATIM #Parma #Torino
The WB used previous form & checked off "First hand" - according to Herridge thats problematic bcz it cleary states in the released complaint 2nd & 3rd accounts & not 1st hand From a Policy point it could be considered fraud... Just saying
Rhinestone Hip Clips! Conversation piece to say the least. Dress up or dress down your sure to look amazing with theseClip On’s #jewelry #earrings #clipons #hipclips #rhinestones
I bought bre a screen protector that cost $5.34 and this girl sent me the money through cashapp and I sent it back and now we keep refunding it back to each other, it’s the funniest thing ever
So 2nd 3rd hand information from a insider potentially from the CIA now let's see that same standard on everything Obama and Clinton you all work at the pleasure of the President and if you don't get out please, that's the way our country's constitutional system was set up
I like the fact that a lot of athletes are focused on their mental health and additionally being open about it since their stories are common and seeing a star going through the same helps others see hope
Found this, new on the  app, it's a good short read describing the reasons for "Satoshi Nakamoto". ().https://craigwright.net/blog/bitcoin-blockchain-tech/satoshi-or-the-solution-to-nakamotos-dilemma/ …
It looks so funny to see the cat hanging with the dogs.
Their so cute!!!!" He giggled. Looking at the floaty hamster with a smile with so much love in his eyes
i think it’s the fire/water thing because i literally only like two of the scorpios i’ve ever met
"It's a better strategy than cutting yourself with a sword, honestly. " Sighs. "Besides, I mostly punch my own palm to trigger the adrenaline rush. "
yes, perfect for cowboys and those who wish to unite the smaller german states
Okay I thought I recognized him but the reference has still gone well over my head
The man they called me Son Of Smithy after. Neil Smith playing Bass guitar with the white helmet on, with AC/DC in 1974 at the Meyer Music Bowl Sydney.
Everyday i fight against urges and succeed. That’s all the confirmation i need to know that I’m on the right track.
I dont think anyone takes this balance team serious anymore. At this point whatever is in the patch notes is utter disgrace and a complete joke of balance. How can you be so distant from reality? Do you even play the game?
Who doesn’t love a good road trip? #EVVB takes this week on the road to play some of the states top competition and we want our  there! Tuesday, Oct 1  Thursday, Oct 3
Please give the belly dancer more time. There was a time my dance consisted of a mild variation of belly dancing. And so I danced. Till church sisters came to advise me to desist from seducing brothers.
Just had to squeeze in an amazing cave swim and a few jumps in before heading back to the States... I will always have a special appreciation and love for the gorgeous treasures of México... #huastecapotosina…
Glad you saw the news. It’s been in the works. Lone Star Conference expanded. Good news here. Texans are 4-0.
IM BACK MY GIRL MY WIFE THE SWAN BE CONVERTING IN BLACK SWAN & KINA SHEN BE YOUR FORM TO BE WHAT SHE BE TO CAN LIFE WHAT WE WAIT ALL WE US CAN NOW LIFE LIKE ALL ARE LIKE YOUR KISES BE IN MY GLORY TO WIN ALL TO ALL NOW WE CAN GO For My Father TO OUR SON https://youtu.be/LvdLovAaYzM
Ah I hope you won't go and be "torungbeing" during #FPN in the morning?
feel like your playing under water.. then again I was playing be a pro and your team mates are just beyond slowly I conceded like 15 corners in the first 25 min my AI couldn't clear the ball..
Maybe not the best player, but that diving catch was really nice.
 You pick your walkout music yet? I know  walks out to the original track(respect). But This will be one great Nigerian walkin out to another  - Get Down [ God's Son ]https://youtu.be/goRv0_9SKGo
The NFL finally stepping up to the plate. This clown should be kicked out for the good ot the thug league he plays in. Timeline: Burfict's history of NFL suspensions, ejections http://a.msn.com/02/en-us/AAI4xs5?ocid=st2 …
Now playing The Advent & Spiriakos - Everybody (Original Mix) [Phobiq] #techno #technofamily #darktechno #hardtechno https://beats2dance.com/player/#Channel 3 - Techno
99% sure it’s just a demo anyway, & incomplete. if they get paid dust in the official one then yeah that sucks, but it’s okay to look forward to the other songs. if they get paid dust there too than yeah that’s more of a reason to be upset but for now we don’t officially know.
We’re kicking off a new series of #ERLCAcademy with  tonight, a time of equipping and connection on Capitol Hill. The series this fall is “Seek First The Kingdom” considering what it looks like for Christians in Washington to seek first the Kingdom of God.  – at Rayburn House Office Building
When the recession hits any day now, I hope the stock market crashes to “Gimme More” like in Hustlers.
 God has gone before you to prepare a way. He has moved mountains of impossibility for you. If you need wisdom, you can ask Him.If you need strength, you can lean on Him.Patience is,in fact, the ability to endure when trials come. #Milelepatrol  mimina song
Sure. The same people who think he's doing a good job and the Dems are pursing a nothing burger. Idiots, in other words.
Not even 8am and there’s already pepper spray on the streets of Hong Kong. It’s shaping up to be a long and intense day.
Being able to bend the climate to your will gives you the confidence to do anything.
Japanese album please thank you so much for the GA!  loves you
this was a highly underrated album im just glad The Grammy's recognized real.
Grab 4 Solar Outdoor Lights, only $19.49! Save 35% with promo code 35JIDBV7 https://amzn.to/34xC7pR (If it says the code has already been redeemed, refresh the page and check the price) #OTDEALS
Don't feel bitter that people remember you only when they need you. You are like a candle. You come to their mind when they're in the dark.
It means be faithful... support her... understand her... respect her... uplift her... treat her... be loving... like what else? It’s the same way you want o be treated it’s not rocket science sir
My birthday is this month.... A birthday gift would be the biggest surprise for me this month
Mine never did this but they did switch between who was gonna be the better producer every week.
That feeling when you run out of veggies and aren’t going to the store for 2 more days #struggle #healthy #veggies
I swear he would be one of the greatest friends to have.
  The beauty is surrounding every days and nights. Hi kitten. Enjoy. Orion rising over Brazil
I remix Lizzo for the dogs. I think they’re going to have me committed.
Hope they're seeding it to grass, can't imagine the erosion from a rain on that slope
"And the memories bring back. Memories bring back you..." #NP  - Memories #SIKATPAGI
Great guy, blandy will truly miss you, did everything he possibly could for the club! The club Wouldn’t be going now if it wasn’t for him. R.i.P Ray
The day comes and goes. You like all the photos that get posted. You wish everyone well. You’re genuinely happy to see everyone together and celebrating, but you can’t help but wonder if you were even missed at all.
Okay now we're dealing with the right gender but still not the right age. Born in 1970. Are you saying that she was in the Antifa movement before 1990?
solo stans its not that fucking deep just accept the fact they’re equally successful?
I AM.. two of the most powerful words. For what you put after them...shapes your beauty. #ALDUBxADNRespectOurElders
With Hugh Grant playing the lead, if anyone can stop the slippery fad-diet pills, it's Robert Downey Jr.. (☆☆☆☆☆)
Imma get a new vape pen and some henny, sit on the porch catch a breeze and play Happy Birthday by Stevie Wonder
hey  you should follow the clouwnies aka the best louie gc
No Phil. That's not at all what Theo hinted at. Go do what you do best and write a 1500 word essay on why Addison Russell should win the Pulitzer Prize.
Tyson Rodgers, 2020 is an explosive player, with great upside. Already benching over 235lbs and has a good IQ for the game. His season was cut short with an injury this summer for us but he will be ready to make a run with the Rams this year!
The amazing thing about Hugh is what this reveals about him. How cheap is your soul, how shallow your patriotism, that you’d sell them for a man like Trump? I can’t imagine how he even looks in the mirror.
I thought that they were letting us in extra early because it takes additional time to hand out the bobbleheads.
“I could, yes. Without a doubt. If you’re proposing I do all the work for some man to take the credit for it all, then no, I won’t do such a thing.”
Just when you think the man can’t get any more brilliant.
Try getting an up to date article! The Irish have substantially increased the direct shipping to France, Spain, Denmark and Netherlands! Much of it thanks to company’s operating out of the Uk looking for new business
People don't know how to appreciate things. I would have loved to win. And these people won and they are still so selfish and greedy. They didn't buy the card it's free money for them. People need to learn to appreciate shit. That pisses me off.
Phew work is finally finished :) been a long day and i have not stopped XD time for a well earned rest and then a chill day tomorrow i think...then the rest of the week i need to blast out 's sneakers! :)
I don't want your sympathy, sympathy for what, what would that change. Again, put ur energy in to something worthwhile, lighten up, stop bearing the world on ur shoulders. Try watching a comedy, laughter is life, shame you've left me feeling like I want to scream
And not just that...the folks are high, can barely walk or form clear words, but can function enough to Goldilocks and the 3 Bears themselves into an unlocked car? I mean, that takes many many tries, right?
We need the USMCA DEAL This will benefit the Farmers big time and give lots of jobs etc.
I love the Tiller era helmets and they looked very sharp with the current jersey
Let's cease all technology production unless it's going to save the planet. THANKS.
I've been chuckling for hours at the state of my tl.
Last year the Red Sox began their World Series run. This year they’re gonna be on the couch, and are in talks of letting their best player walk.
You still pursue Hillary’s email and State Department staffers because you’ve got nothing! Now you treasonously threaten civil war agains the US!! In a country in which the majority favors your impeachment! You’re best hope is to quietly resign rather than reaping what you sow!
Sorry. I still don't know how to make the sarcasm drip off of every letter when I tweet with consistency lol
2) wealth taxes have been adopted and rejected by certain Scandinavian countries: one of Yang’s major points: “if you had the option between paying 50 million in taxes to lives in the US, vs 10 mil to live in another country that starts to become a decision for you to leave"
I went into a pet shop and asked for twelve bees. The shopkeeper counted out thirteen and handed them over. Me: You’ve given me one too many. Shopkeeper: That one is a freebie. #DadJoke
Yep! Because men like him always think they're the smartest person in the room and she used that against him.
Superhuman, first time, and love is gone in the rain. Crawl out of love. Rush over me.
As #InternationalPodcastDay winds down, we just want to thank all of you who listen—whether to our show or others—for doing so in the first place. This is a pretty good gig. And we couldn’t do it without you.
143,539. That’s the amount of photos I have in my iPhone as of tonight. Yes, I know that’s a lot lol. But would you believe the only reason I even got an #Instagram account in 2011 was that after taking a million…
You doing any themes or just drawing anything that you're in the mood for? :3
I actually fucked myself super bad now I played a ton of GBVS over the weekend and now all I want to do is play more and explore matchups lol Please give
Hey #PrinceHarry can I have a few paintings to pay off my house? - UK's Harry demands end to greed & selfishness, for nature's sake https://www.reuters.com/article/us-britain-royals-malawi-idUSKBN1WF0N1 …  Your Majesty, be careful on the virtue signaling. It could end a 1k years of tradition. Much love from America.
I'd hope u beat an account recover on a pickup team with a 2 mnk consistent 5 man team. And it wasn't braindead. I was just taking advantage of the easy gunfights when I had them
Read my whole birth chart for the first time and I've been SEEN lmao. Half my chart is like "super intense, charming, sexy, alluring, idealized love WAY too much, and gets drunk on love and sexuality" Yeah. Fml. It's hard being this charming truly truly
If this is a dating thing, I will be happy. Two of the most successful and being together too is a blessing. And when I thought no more couple can be as powerful as Daniel and Jihyo, we will have Twice and BTS... wow. That’s a whole new level of surprise... or not?
Sorry donny but you don’t get to run the country like a mob boss. Go back to your make believe world.
That’s the master bath - there’s a beautiful walk-in shower on the other side of the vanity. The entire property, including the amenities, is really special.
One of them is my traitor. If necessary I will register in a party to pick the best candidate the next time that Senator is up for election.
⇁ soul, Joey said; simply a dwindling vessel whose existence was unknown. But even something as soulless as a product of unorthodox methods learned to adapt to emotion. All it felt now was anxious. Like the pit in its stomach lengthened in depth the further this stranger ⇁
Baker and Lamar are going to be running the AFC North for a long time. I want to see what the Ravens look like next week.
His lifestyle and most importantly part was him seeing his father for the first time. Tako’s Son is the dopest album out right now!!
What a great start to the #TRS2019 show . Such an honour to be working alongside you all and supporting the next generation of Great British culinary talent!
Remember now there is only one reason why slice of life anime is the best genre There is this thing, It's called Lolis
The Ukraine story is complicated. This article clarifies it. https://www.vanityfair.com/news/2019/09/masha-yovanovitch-us-ambassador-to-ukraine-donald-trump …
Guess we’ll see what the end game brings. Too many Americans lack the ability to critically think and slurp at the trough of liberal indoctrination. Good luck trying to cram the socialist agenda down American throats. The pendulum always swings back.
It’s just PTSD from last season. What once felt eons ago with all of the excitement for 2019 now feels like it happened more recently.....like last season lol
Or, they might be proud farmers who don’t enjoy the Republican Socialism used to keep them compliant!
it may sound nutsoid to you fellas in reality this sort of thing has been happening down the political ages. Do you really think the idiosyncratic Trump is the first to wheel & deal the back rooms of power for advantage? Stick to the main game. China has new big fast drones.
They are not really the LibDem Party any more, are they. More a mix of disgruntled revolting ? MPs they've hoovered up.
Thank you for creating a product that handles the mess of a busy child so I can spend more time with her and less time cleaning :)
Such a beautiful soul #JessyeNorman #Opera a voice that would reach to the Heavens. Sing now with the angels. RIP https://youtu.be/SMvldwLqe2U
Red cheetah print!? YES PLEASE! To be honest the last time I wore this t-shirt was last Christmas because I find red a hard colour to wear. I like the colour red but for some reason I don't wear it that much... I…
umm with everything that has just come out in the last hour? I thing you better move to Russia
In retrospect it’s pretty clear that Barr dismissed and muzzled Mueller (who had clearly lost the will to love) the day he arrived as AG.
Hey! If you want Elizabeth Warren to be President you should make a $1 donation right now <3 You should also copy the link and share. She's not fundraising or taking corporate pac money. Let's make sure we have her back! #WarrenNYC  https://elizabethwarren.com/
Certainly with all the lawyers around him, there's no excuse.
The only things Darcey is good for are ratings and tweets. #90DayFiance
Thank you!!! Oh, and just how wonderful are crockpots? I adore mine since I have no patience for real cooking and can rely on either the microwave or crockpot to get me dinner with minimal fuss...
17. I think the youngest is zayn who emerged into the world as an entire adult like at most a month before the campaign started. oldest is a gungeon character i cant talk about yet
I’m pretty sure I have eaten my body weight in  Blizzards since they have been on for The $0.99 BOGO
9-1-1 time buck my baby can’t wait to watch u save the day <3
October 1, 2019 when the sun rises i try to blink it off me your new love, my new love and all the old ones too if i want to live the right way i can't lie the light away
You know the sex finna be good when he put that gun on the dresser
Errrr... extorted collusion! Because the foreign countries didn’t even want to work with them!
All I want (small ask, I know) is Stormy and  to review one. Because we are a celebration of all the delightfulness that the Trumplicans say they hate: sex, the first amendment, and reasonably good spray tans.
Dayz is the best game when you first start off and you meet the stupidesr people ever
The ending was really cute. Also that shading around the left side of her mouth adds so much more lewdness to her cuteness.
Orange caramel was the first group I ever stanned like pls I miss them so much
Been out today and only just now got to watch. Intro looks pretty solid, I'm a color slut so I like AEW embracing vibrant colors with their graphics. Song isn't really doing it for me though. I liked the fan version with Taio Cruz better.
SHOULD ADD If the cat had never destroyed my passport, I would have been in Minnesota and we would never have looked at the house or had a chance to put an offer in. THAT is the power of the universe at its finest
Last one of Sasha in my beauty editorial! . . . . . . . . . #lucysmagazine #obscuraemagazine #abstractart #makeup #makeupartist #makeuptrends #model #topmodel  Loft 2
I wish i had the unwavering enthusiasm of an anime protagonist
laca got subbed off... g look at it relatively auba has no service and plays with wellads aguero has KDB and sterling two of the best players in the league
You keep playing Madden and drafting him to the Pats, Cristian and I will speak the reality I to existence
There’s always a bigger fish in the sea.. but Power is inconsistent with those distinctions lol
Really clever clue tonight; props to the writers. #FJ
“Good job, baby.” He gave her a kiss on the cheek. “Proud of you.”
I would cast joe for the voice of bendy he sounds perfect of the role
The person I want ISN’T ready for someone like me & the person that is GOOD to me ISN’T the one I WANT. And I refuse to settle
I see that logic, especially in cubes like yours that run power 9, Tinker, and other blue cards way out on the busted end of the power curve. Even still, Tinker and other artifact synergies push up the power level of this cute little cantrippy common. Tinker decks love it.
Hey there FAM..Lets hit the HALFWAY for  Dono Drive Ark...hmmm why not I am going live https://mixer.com/PrimedCharge swing on by, hang out, and have fun. #StackUp Mixer Stream Team. Almost at 1000 followers!!! Today could be the day!!!
Hello  I believe you said you was a smoker. then you must know the struggle? I am a vapor for 5 years. I feel amazing thanks to flavor eliquid. If you smoke you should try it, will change your life, ask Canada UK. They vape in there hospitals. #news10 #FoxNews
I love Sami. Everyone says he’s not part of the future but I don’t see why we can’t squeeze him in for a 4x5.5...
I hope at the least all our Five Eyes partners know better than to talk to anyone from the US that they didn't know and trust before Trump took office.
Your dads getting impeached, so you & siblings better finish up looting the WH china and silverware.
Lol. Naturally, in the GOP upside-down version of the USA, the ostensible "oath to the US Constitution keepers" would be the first to advocate for lawlessness and insurrection.
Thanks Claire. The plan is to break it down into a lot of much smaller, much more achievable sub-goals and just sneak up on the million words without staring too long into the abyss. You climb the mountain one step at a time and all that. #justkeepwriting
Get the MindPal app and train your brain with fun games.  https://bit.ly/2Jt1yjV
This image right here sums up the importance of acknowledging our nations elongated history of #ResidentialSchools. History that was never taught to us while we're in school and not introduced to us via by media channel until recently. #OrangeShirtDay2019
Thinking bout devoting my life to the Islamic Nation
Happiest of birthdays to the sweetest, smartest, not a toddler any more! I can’t believe I saw you holding him in your arms when he was just a tiny mushy baby, and he’s grown into such a big kid so fast!
Yes, I follow Jenny. I am looking for the overarching theory for the GOP's monolithic loyalty to DJT. Many have speculated they were all compromised when Smartech was hacked. It could just be something as simple as: they like him.
So my youngest brother is 16 years old and autistic. As the only two autistic kids in the family, we bonded when he was young and we’ve always been relatively close. There’s a solid 10 year difference between us but we still get each other more than the rest of the family.
I just found out rn my parents left this morning to go to Oklahoma for the week as you can see our communication skills are great
. . "Our Father", We understand from our Lord's model prayer that the clearly defined sacredness of your great NAME throughout all the earth is first priority. And we are keenly reminded that, according to the commandment, we who have taken and bare your high name are primarily
 I’m watching “Hello, Privilege. It’s me Chelsea.” Maybe watch the trailer and see if it’s worthy of your time of or of sharing.
Well done our fantastic away support. They never let the team down.
Oh good lordonly time I get beat up there is when I go to the Deere dealer
Nice practice round today at Links of Carillon. Boys finished 18 holes in just over 3 hours and finished in the dark.
He didn't though...he asked the head of another country for a favor...to help dig up dirt on a political opponent with the aid of Giuliani instead of using the official law enforcement resources of the US
Yes how convenient for the Dems that the rules change when they need them to. So one sided!
So we're talking deprogramming the masses? Charging the sources for willfully and knowingly disseminating propaganda and misinformation for profit? I'm in favor.
For two main reasons: 1- lack of content/features and new update to come. 2- Framerate issues, loading times too long. 3- PS4/PC Version will surely be released at the same time in the West.
SpaceX WEBSite Update: SpaceX has now added StarShip to its WEB site. ~ Oh Man SUPER COOL! I love watching the short VID on StarShip Boca Chica launch. Super Sweet! ~ Follow me on Twitter  https://www.spacex.com/starship
You are talking to ex military here. I know what combat is. I know what it is for someone to say they are brave and the difference between someone that is brave IN combat. Remembering won't make anyone brave. Bullets flying by your face will make u brave or have u running away
It's the same guys who say they are total tops when they are actually power bottoms.
just saw the frozen leaks truth is I'm not that shook, it's exactly what I thought it would happen + I'm super excited to see it all play out !!!
Most of us will remember their complicity up to now, but Republicans do have a chance for history to remember them as finally turning on Trump for the sake of the country. Not that I’m holding my breath. They have become his lackeys by now and can’t even think in those terms.
Thanks to  for the sweet #BreakBonus I received today!
Either play with the group or gtfo. That's how tabletops work
A Great American Triumph Which Opened the Southwest To Development. The Radical Green Lobby Would Never Allow It Today. Happy 84th Birthday To Hoover Dam.
Kk. But did you tell all the random liberals like the krassensteins who would leave hundreds of 280 character replies to every single Trump tweet to give it up? Because they really should have. He just said one thing lol.
TRUMP.. YOU ALREADY ADMITTED WHAT HAPPENED IN THE CALL PLUS YOU'RE WH REPORT..WHAT ELSE WE NEED
I'm bout to listen to all the good kanye tonight I'm feeling it
Justin Bieber Is 'Really Relaxed' Ahead of Tying the Knot Again with Hailey Baldwin, Source Says http://a.msn.com/0B/en-us/AAI4k7W?ocid=st …
I totally agree and I forget and it just slips out all the time I even got bleeped on Fox News in an interview because I said it
Last call for early bird registration! Don't miss out on savings for the 2020 #CANProAm. $250 player registration ends tonight. Register your rec or corporate team. http://canproam.ca/register Or join the CAN Supporters Team as an individual! http://bit.ly/2l98qK2
I think you and your friends have severly misranked. The 80s should be topping that list
Sooooo  Mr.  and I are looking for the next class to stop by and see what you are up to. Coach  you got anything for us in the pool?! Let us know and we would love to stop on by and be a part of it #gosharks
bulldog•ish Check Out The Collection and Share https://shop.spreadshirt.com/kingfinity/bulldog+nation?collection=fzFPsWqoYL …
I took the CliftonStrengths assessment – my Top 5 are 着想, 学習欲, 未来志向, 成長促進, 責任感 ちょっと意外だった http://www.gallup.com/cliftonstrengths/en/252137/home.aspx#utm_source=social&utm_medium=dashboard_sharing&utm_content=cliftonstrengths …
Is this in the game because everyone I look up that kills me is literal trash I’m talking 12 wins and a thousand games played
This little girl told the truth. This is about the VP's wife working there. The family must have been paid off OR extorted to recant. I hope she is okay. Sick world. https://www.nydailynews.com/news/national/ny-virginia-girl-accused-boys-cutting-dreadlocks-admits-story-is-false-20190930-47ttgimmjjanrm4u46x6g7vmka-story.html …
My sister and I went to Cali for trip this weekend and we did the Graveyard thing...and she brought me here to see my Favorite Princess...Love her Beyond A Galaxy Far Far Away ...  – at Forest Lawn
Shout out to the current Jeopardy champion who also plays D&D!
  Boogie is one amazing pet dog. I must say a few times my pet dog Scooby-Milo as looked at the tv and I managed to get a photo even though I had to do it fast and was out of focus a bit
Thanks for the mention uglykidjoecross! #VeteranOwnedBusiness #NexusGamingLLC #PCGaming #ConsoleGaming #Charity Gaming "Hey guys! I'm live with some Final Fantasy 8 Remaster! I'm hoping to finish it tonight, so stop in and check out the ending of a great story!! NexusGamingE…
I don't worry about "Democrats" here. I worry about the CIA. These are the guys who bring along their own grassy knoll.
You have to bet your entire net worth on BYU to win the 2020 national championship. BUT, you get to add 5 current NFL players to the roster. Who are you adding?
It looked like he grew six inches when he left the ground
Being an artist/creative, you often find yourself deep diving into places in your mental, that are hard to get out of. It can be intense, and a lot of the consumers don’t realise this; they only see the final product.
Bleach with ice sounds real good. I think I’ll serve it. Domestos on the Rocks with a twist. The twist is... you drink it, you die. Enjoy
Yeah, I'm getting my tatts at 40. Besides, people don't know how the tatt collection on each person balances out on what they already got
I'm only coming if we invite that one guy who did the Naruto run
October is the start of my favorite (holiday) season and i’m so excited
More life  wishing you the very best in life I’ve got nothing but love for you enjoy your day #Joro your waist all day
Interesting you say this, as Biden and the media state there was never an investigation into his son. Please site source where Biden suggested more oversight.
Then theres the unknown one all the way in Teaverse I tend to go to called CherryTown Showdown cause Traverse City and farther north people arent driving all the way to Saginaw and farther lmao.
Seven years have passed, forgiveness has been given to the crime Yet, here is my heart grieving unhealed by time It was not footsteps to a sands but on wet concrete right to its foundation You can still see the imprint, and the depth of it, like it asks for recognition
While driving to work, I noticed I had an extra passenger aboard. He clung with a fury and made it the whole way. Any good names for this daring little bee?
When your friend point a gun at you, tells you it’s not loaded and you check it and it was fully loaded and the safety was off
Since the #Impeachment stuff started last week, I’ve been super successful in purging my Twitter feed of bots! Noticing A LOT of “Bernie Supporters” that have been retweeting pro-trump/MAGA garbage. Encouraging #Bernie folks to check their own feeds for this crap #VoteBlue2020
"So are you, even when you're grumpy," The blonde presses a feather-light kiss to Mil's cheek. "Maybe even especially when you're grumpy-"
I’ve ran into the same guy like 5 times and it’s getting weird
Funded by yours truly. May the odds be in your favor! -DZM
The trans lobby aren’t going be happy about this “hateful” material. https://www.thesun.co.uk/fabulous/10033108/mind-blowing-photo-womans-bones-moving-during-labour/ …
My good deed of the day was unmuting Zehra. My conscience:
Hey GOAT!! Don't look now! YOU are the one in the cult!! Most are sheep, but I am sure there must be a few goats too!! They follow just as well, and eat up any crap you put in front of them!
At least you didnt bench Bears D for the Steelers D because you didnt want your star RB to play your starting D...
The real whistle blower is anonymous outside of US listening to every conversation  has with anyone. They don’t call it smart phone for nothing. Think about it. Trump’s phone is the listening device. #ImpeachTrump #AGRoyCohnBarr
For everyone headed to #NYCCNYPL on Thurs Oct 3rd for #NYCC, please check out  amazing work coining the new 'Blue Age' of Comic Books: http://scalar.usc.edu/works/blue-age-of-comic-books/index …
Dad talking about what should he do he got a dilemma, should he continue riding his bicycle or start drinking talking about the holidays coming,
I laugh when Nigerians talk about lyrical content soapy is a huge lyrical content same as Puta Abeg if y’all Dey dance and vibe to soapy & puta yall have no justification to write any Wizkid song as trash if you no like am mute the song
... you that they don’t like your tweets so now they are sending you to work at a pillow factory in the arctic. That’s ok b/c u make as much money as a Med. doctor. No one person is above another. 70% taxes. And free schooling for medical school. I wonder why? Wake up!
Agree. Minus the  #NFCNorth is the toughest division in
I’ll be the first one to say i have some issues with certain business practices attributed to Amazon but I also want to balance that out if it will help our communities & bring quality jobs to the area.
With  20 now out, everyone's favorite unofficial official e-sports team of  is back tonight! Head over to http://mixer.com/csgentry to watch tonight's stream. Live tweets will come from me.
I agree. I've been disappointed with the Social Media side of her campaign. Plus, if there is infighting, that takes time away from her being able to focus on the campaign & ultimately reflects negatively on her. I hope these changes help.
lesbians: bill no! bill hader : lesbians get behind me lesbians: bill please- [gunshot] the entire lesbian community: BILL!!!!!!
Your opinion is perfect! A young team should make mistakes like today. But the lads have heart. We should be patient, wait this team to flourish and become a real United team. There’s so many good things. In 2 or 3 years this players can become PL champions
I don't think I've ever seen a Chik fil A commercial before this year. I personally don't feel that they need to spend money on tv commercials because their word of mouth and UGC game is so strong, but I guess they want to reach people everywhere. They have the budget so why not?
This has never been more true for me this year babe Never take this precious gift of life for granted always tell the precious people in your life that you love and appreciate them before its too late
THE NEW THING THAT ALL YOUR FRIENDS ARE DOING AND ADULTS SAY CHANGES YOUR BRAIN! I mean, come on.
#transformationtuesday over 45"lost between my bust&hips alone can't imagine me carrying another me about but I did 11st7lb lost  making the simplest of tasks possible now , life is for living & I'm #grateful I can #livinglifetothefull #happy #healthy #swclub50
17/ To subscribe to this devotional, send a mail to; discipleshipseries-subscribe.com and you check the archives at;
It was just for clarity, that’s all. He was trying to paint a sinister picture. His page said he would try and answer any shark questions and the mother asked if that looked like a small shark pattern. He picture a fit and then starter sensationalizing the truth.
Summer is the least valued Newman grandchild. The adult ones. Summer. Knew. Before. Reed. I'm sent. And Noah couldn't tell his own sis. Nick was like, "Don't say shit to Summer bc Phyllis is mad sus." And he said, "Bet." Man.... this fam is terrible and I love them. #YR
Good luck Rachel for the future. You friends will get You through this
Don’t think I ever gave niall the credit. What a beaut
 I was feeling surprised they "already" started filming the crossover but then I realized tomorrow is October 1st so, fair.
 Tom posts amazing pictures along with the grate concerts he posts......but it does help that I'm naturally photogenic...
 Have played around 85 matches in FUT and havent unlocked the transfer market yet. Whats going on Zaro?
open your "on repeat" playlist on spotify, post the top four songs and let your followers decide if you have good taste (stolen from the TL)
Hope not. More power to your clients and you as you fight the good fight for all of us. Much appreciated++
o ur right, i’m just hi lmfao.. but ily and ur gonna find the man for u no matter their star sign
so it looks like the edit i was working on i can't render or export because it force closes every time
McDonalds milkshakes are good. Dairy Queen’s are the best but they’re a bit pricey
Just a little pan seared halibut with avacado and mango salsa for the win!!! #notjustbbq #finedining #wilsoncasadinner #offseasonlife #dinnrbell #getinmybelly
The other kind of Cardinals. I love them too!  #TeamStL
follow up: the same boy that i almost crashed into twice bc he wasn’t sure how a stop or a round-about worked, was in my history 17A lecture
If you had beaten her without the assistance of Russia, then you wouldn’t feel the need to keep going on like a lunatic about it. We all know, even you, that you didn’t really win fairly and there will always be an asterisk by your name.
it will make little difference to the conservative party - they have more than enough turnips as it is...
Why does all-dressed, objectively the best Ruffle, have to have the Buffalo Bills logo!?
Put together a little promo video for some upcoming gig opportunities! Some of the greatest songs of all time mashed together in one video. Full video is on my YouTube…
This is the best pic I got, I don’t take a lot of close ups of my sleeve
I die a little inside every time I see someone say Yoel clearly beat Whittaker in their second fight. It was a draw at best for Yoel. “Rob out-landed him but Yoel did all the damage”
Lovely to meet you Orion. You should meet some of the other #CatsOfTwitter.  and  have you met Orion and Nova yet?
i really really really want echo but i dont know if she is the next one i hope anyways
You're saying City battered me in the league cup last season? Ah why lie?? Last season League cup Spurs score me 2-1. FA cup United score me 3-1. Show me where I played city and got "battered" goodnight bro. City is clearly your obsession whereas Mo Salah is mine
I guess you did not see the letter from them to the president about Downer. You better start reporting the truth or else you are going down .
 THANK YOU LOU FOR BRINING UP THAT THE CIA SHOULD NOT BE INVOLVED IN ANY INVESTIGATIONS OF AMERICANS ON AMERICAN SOIL
Because how much a person is esteemed by popular culture or just within the general climate of opinion is no measure of their individual moral character or kindness. Trump is merely the blathering egotistical flame test that reveals their true colors.
Please check out this video I made of our painted sinks and lots of flowers. https://youtu.be/SvwDRfFodxE via  or on the website https://www.decoratedbathroom.com/floral-designs
cant forget Nathen the buffalo!! I absolutely love when I get the darker neon colors!!
That’s right and the give and receive is both satisfying and gratifying rub me to sleep
Second weekend of the student #climatestrike drew less attention. But in SKorea, the exercise was beyond academic. (Btw, in harvesting implements at hand, does this pic, and the movement, start to parallel the HongKong uprising at all?)
Yoga swing thoughts: Holy shit Pigeon Pose is the fucking best! Do NOT hang upside-down right after eating. People totally have sex in these don’t they? I still feel like I’m floating. When is this gonna stop?
To be a great champion you must believe you are the best. If you're not, pretend you are. -Muhammad Ali
Deep Throat: “Look, forget the myths the media's created about the White House--the truth is, these are not very bright guys, and things got out of hand.” True then and true now.
Alex held on to Nero best she can but winced,"damn thing is out of town now. I'll know when its near cause of the black scars on my back it gave me back then. You can't fight this thing Nero, its too strong. Unless maybe you get Dante's help."
YOU'RE THE SECOND PERSON I KNOW WHO'S BEEN BLESSED BY ANDREW I'M TRYNA FIND HIM
This PROVES that our man of steal, our great , is right up there with the great leaders of history who have receive 98% of the vote whenever they ran for office. #Trump #Trump2020LandslideVictory
profitable.. It’s like willingly choosing dystopia to not try and remove corruption out of our government.. that’s why the people following him are willing to pay.
Right. Is it because the pope is seen to be steering a giant ship that turns slowly and evangelicals are in a speedboat that can dart and weave on any number of issues? The evangelicals are in a giant ship too I think but it’s not so obvious
Hey all you churches that have apologized for your role in residential schools.    What have you done to hold the teachers and administrators YOU HIRED accountable? #OrangeShirtDay2019 #Nuremberg #IWantNames
Don’t forget H2. LNG is likely to supplant bunker for a time, but Norway has committed to H2 and batteries. It’s the endgame; and will be synthesized from RE in massive volumes and used for high-qual heat, industry (Steel, Ammonia) and even seasonal storage.
This is what the democrat party is teaching black kids. How to be the victim.
I wish there was a way to know you’re in the good old days before you’ve actually left them
He let out a nervous laugh, raising his hands in a "what can you do?" gesture. Charanko just hoped the other was going to forget about it. He wasn't exactly good at lying or keeping an act up. 〃Will do. Hm...I'll definitely let you know, if it somehow comes to my mind.〃
Uh, maybe... It all depends... Do you like Chris Pratt? if so - HELLS YEAH he lives here!!! If "no" - The Chris Pratt Free Prattville. Either way, it's win-win. So pack them bags and get your asses over here
so for some god forsaken reason my mother keeps all the cookies in the freezer so when i go get a cookie and bite into it its like biting into an ice cold rock why cant we leave them out like normal people i had enough of the cold and snow
I was having the same issue. I took a reading break. Now back reading and enjoying
Check out like the wind with her wild ways, touching everyone but ... e9Art ACEO Outsider https://ebay.us/RtxY3U via
Happy Retirement Mr. Kubbishun!  will not be the same without you
Darren Waller mic'd up vs. Colts | Raiders https://youtu.be/Xnn5t2GCfBU via  My biggest takeaway is that I like him even more then I already do. When he shouted to Trevor Davis after that TD endaround run “Do you want the ball?!” Man that’s a class act. Love him
I hope you watched the censored version b/c uhhhhhh yikes at that opening
He did not mock American infrastructure just told you the truth
Just like that the smell of grilled cheese in my apartment is gone.... and the smell of my roommates cooking permeates
While financial results and clinical outcomes are important metrics for evaluating performance, healthcare organizations must prioritize the development of their employees as a key responsibility in order to fill the leadership gap. Learn more:... http://bit.ly/2oE6g6u
You might want to reconsider what you said since he certainly can be indicted once he leaves office. Just look up the reason for Gerald Fords pardon of Richard Nixon AFTER he resigned.
sure, that's why there were more people waiting at the airport for Jennie than Lisa jajajjajajajajajjajaj
Flip over to the cold side of the pillow. Yay or nay? — Yayyyy https://lap78.ask.fm/igoto/45DKECPW7B667HQMHN2IG6NM2SADBLY7SD7ODENJI666V45V2Q24OJAMGBFM2SZXKO67UFQJIRWDUXQVYYU5Y25CPT22BFDJUUBCVESVANYDGGP7DWJQKLHQ262PLWTESSFJKTR52DKHBEMXIGJBEVJ2U6FW3ZMQ73NVXYTURSV3MYETDVUFHRFL3ANODW6UTQRL2MS7UVINXADNGVQQM=== …
Stand with the Best President Ever, President Trump!! God Bless You!!! Nobody else could handle all the crap thrown at you!!! You’re a GREAT President!!!
Who is the Top Team in Each Conference? – NFL https://www.nflhuddle.com/2019/09/30/who-is-the-top-team-in-each-conference-nfl/ …
Dr. Carr said that y’all need to come see the show. Respect your elder’s wishes and come see Flyin’ West! Link for tickets: https://tickets.vendini.com/ticket-software.html?t=tix&e=030bf33fd4b4ff0d21ed6b683f6ef92c&campaignID=341370&patronID=1003735157&linkNum=2&memberID=8e8e9237cb68fd080b5e740575586289&vqitq=bed9ca03-6621-4d7c-a37e-a45a91d46518&vqitp=9d399f79-9390-4111-b93d-4d948391c605&vqitts=1568817666&vqitc=vendini&vqite=itl&vqitrt=Safetynet&vqith=2f50a26f754f52bfb59f6c386db8fbbe …
Im so émotional right nos Justin was the first person i fell on love HE helped me so much it’s been 10 years now since i started to support you and I always thought how iam gonna react when one day you will get married ? And right now im so happy and emotional #BieberWedding
The days between Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur are a time to reflect upon all of your past wrongdoings and then to make amends for them, and so I’d just like to say to all of my friends and family, near and far, I’ll be waiting for your apologies.
Clink the to vote: Hearts on Facebook Likes on Instagram Retweets on twitter Pabisita sa mga yan fam PopMYXTuesLove KIANO      PopMYXTuesLove KIANO
You made an easy mistake. OTOH, it is now clear that every single one of them have no interest in the rule of law, or the constitution. The question is, which GOP side will win. McConnell who protects the oligarchs (trump useful) or the Trump party out to protect Trump.
This is the proper take! It's a firm leaf and can be persuaded to support many flavors
Too true, and quite paradoxical given the title of the record.
Where happy to see DYNAMITE TOKEN in Binance the number one defflationary token #DYNMT, #Dynamite $DYNMT
16/ PRAYER: Oh God! Irrespective of whatever may happen – help me honour You by obeying You, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.
if it's still on your email can't you reset the password again? like when you forget it
Some people care more, others care less. It’s about evaluating to see if you have the right priorities.
Mee Shell, like the French would. There's quite a bit of cultural and linguistic overlap from there.
You mean, they’re slowly beginning to recognize & comprehend the truth?
Yes, they all knew the Dems colluded with foreign countries to get Dirt on Trump in 2016. Its payback time.
Wait a minute. 3 yrs into the Socialist Democrats coup attempt you make that statement on 9/30/19  pm CST!? I guess better late then never, however; you’ve got a step on the Grand OLD Party. They’re still cowering in their foxholes.
Happy 5th birthday to Middle-Earth: Shadow Of Mordor! From the Lord Of The Rings universe comes an amazing open world title developed by ! Its gameplay is inspired by both the Batman: Arkham series and Assassin's Creed! For Xbox 360, PS3, PS4, Xbox One and PC.
How big was the spider? And some one please tell me we've made big break thrus in materials science by studying spider silk.
Is that what you think of your fans if their ideology differs from yours? I loved the character you played....you just ruined the movie for me......thanks a lot.
On special request from Slenderman, the committee has ruled that #SLEEPTOBER is open to all cryptids, creepypastas (SLEEPYPASTAS?), and non-artists
I MISS READING A MPREG LOUIS FIC WHERE H IS THE FATHER. IS THAT SO HARD TO GET BEA?? RIGHT NOW? YES. HUHUHUHU
There’s so many small children with families here to see  it’s so cute. I feel like I’m such an adult to them like I think I’ve adopted them all like yes gather round children and lemme tell you about the dark era of #MarkofAthena’s cliffhanger
Did he mention that he signed up? or are we to infer that from the previous "happy meal" verse?
Do I need to make another post going over the good and bad, or can we just agree Elway had a hand in both? IF you missed it, I did write this last year. A wee bit out of date now, but worth a look. https://www.milehighreport.com/2018/12/12/18134211/broncos-the-good-the-bad-the-elway …
Those who know & feel true amor are the mostest happy people.～Mr Poliglot 真実のアモルを知っていて、感じている者こそ、超最高の幸せ者である.～Mr Poliglot
Going through some old pictures. Found one of me and , the morning after we got married. Good times <3
Good morning October! Birthmonth ng aming mga mahal. Unang araw din ng isang regalo sakanila ang MYX. I am claiming that this month will be fruitful for them and hoping not just this month but also the months and years to come. Amen to that. PopMYXTuesLove KIANO
Thanks for saying this! It sounds so...corporate and out of sync with the rest of the spiritual jargon people use. I'd even take "an intuitive hit" over a "download." I wonder where it came from...
But god I hope I get it, the benefits are fucking phenomenal
The machines rise. Also, I really want this garbage can.
' defenders doing a good job of cutting off  through-ball passes. You have to wonder if it's a matter of time, though. 0-0, nearly 4 minutes into the 2nd half. #RCNow
Interview then all separately and compare answers. But interview then all at the same time. No pleasing the fifth. Maybe Grand Juries? Then add Jared, Ivana, Jr, Eric and Melania.
shes an irl waifu, basically all the strengths and abilities of an anime waifu....except all in reality
... his drug addiction when I was younger, the probability of him falling off a roof and dying, and etc* No longer in a good mood and no longer emotionally stable
Oh i agree with that. I don't think verlisify is right in his video. He doesn't prove that the models are different in the same way that Dk doesnt prove that the models are the same Verlisify does point out holes in distants argument though. Ghats why i agree with him more here
The list of their players coming out with this shite is as long the Old Co's Creditors list. Broxy Bear exclusive next week on how he appeals to more bears than Happy.
What?! Hot, lewd women want to have sex "TONITE" with you too?!
And it is stopped by the Anti-America #Democrat Party!
True. I remember the big surprise when I saw the first teaser trailer for Superman Returns in theaters. I miss that time sometimes.. BTW, please tell me, Did you know something about Routh coming back as Supes? I think you were one of the very first to suggest his return..
Like the way it felt to fall asleep next to you And the memories I never can escape 네 옆에서 잠드는 것이 어땠는지나, 내가 벗어날 수 없는 기억들 처럼. (Amnesia) #5SOS
Right up your alley: the Chet and Bernie books by Spencer Quinn. Narrated by the detective's partner, who happens to be a dog. Fun, sometimes funny, and very entertaining. https://www.goodreads.com/series/46206-chet-and-bernie-mystery …
Sir, where in The Constitution does it state there is a right to murder an unborn baby? I thought every person had the opportunity for life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. That can't happen when you willfully allow unborn babies to be murdered before they're born.
#GenerationG - wired for generosity and giving - expect a #futureofwork which puts #peoplefirst at a time when most people are not flourishing in the #workplace
A Very Rare Find In A Thrift Store Couch Makes One Woman $250,000 Richer https://885thejewel.com/2019/09/30/a-very-rare-find-in-a-thrift-store-couch-makes-one-woman-250000-richer/#.XZKWD2qMR1o.twitter …  did you lose your watch? Btw read what the woman is going to do with the cash lol
I honestly give it up to all the Mamas that were able to breastfeed their babies because this is not easy
The Federal Government used incorrect rainfall data to give a million-dollar drought grant to a Victorian council that didn't need it. #9Newshttps://www.9news.com.au/national/weather-australia-drought-water-management-david-littleproud-investigates-funding/f43d6ee3-60b7-44e2-8c67-68c62c9583c3?ocid=Social-9NewsS …
No ! America is on edge and anxious about exactly what has trump been up too ? What else has he done to benefit himself & put America’s security on the line. They need to dig deep !
I was wondering if you have a nice recommendation to read slavic folklore :). It’s something I would love to explore but not many people talk about it or recommend me stuff like the bear and the nightingale .
You worried about buffalo more than the jets, how about you focus on the jets winning one game first lol
Is'nt it too late for you to Create a Spinoff focusing on the Students Annalise Tought as Lawyers???? #htgawm
Psst , I know the Alternative Party are on your mind but Rick and Morty jus started and the DVR is full so get over here
Isn’t that pretty well what Obama committed the $1B to Ukraine for that trump is saying was a bribe to protect HB, years ago?
Lmbao Your dear leader is having a Major Mental Malfunction.....again...Trump Co-signed that sentiment and he's SUPPOSE to Protect the country as he Supposedly Swore an Oath .
Beautiful scenery on the drive home tonight. (Don’t miss the faint crescent moon)
Would this mean anyone can run against the President, commit egregious crimes & never be investigated?
Well Guess I'm into skull headed characters Really the list of things I find attractive in characters is just ridiculous
Learning From The Mistakes Of Other Students And Duplicating Their Success Is A Revolutionary Instructional Approach. http://bit.ly/2lSQ93O
The bling one thou that Shane wore oh u would slay that with some highlighter from Brain freeze
The cases that you have worked have blown me away. Thank you for your service!!
Can’t “discredit” w/o a factual basis to discredit it with. A+ for clever wording. Truth: An investigation into corruption spawning from credible evidence. Media: “He’s using the DOJ to pressure foreign govt to make up dirt on political opponents to interfere in our election.”
Be all about the energy and message you put out in world. It definitely transcend over generations.
Y’all shading hr on here oh well y’all be talking about ER 99% of the time
Please go & vote for my teammate, Hannan Razeq for Fall Athlete of the Week #MVHS
Hello Angel, sorry about the experience. Please call 121 help desk and be patient or visit the Gloworld shop for assistance to resolve the issue. Stay Unlimited! TT
not to be horny on the tl but i fckn love being kissed
THERE'S AN ADAM ON THE BULLS ROSTER?!? This is a first in my 28 year fandom. Watch him get cut lol
I assume the context in which it is used makes a big difference, but yes, Twitter seems to have low tolerance for people saying certain things, especially when directed at certain people.
this sounds like the start of a podcast i'd like to listen to
No disrespect but take it up with the Lord and pray for him.
I’ve got #Nationals winning the #NLWildCard on TBS.
And now come the DM's inviting you to the fair, lol......I see what you did there
GOOD MORNING Was listening to Mitaiken Horizon and Ruby's lines is giving me the motivation to get through today wahahah
The invite Cleary stated nude party you'll have to lose the clothes, sorry but rules are rules
I honestly forgot he was ever here in the first place
Ugly head but before it was hidden behind the mess of hair and now it's just on display for free
As we say in Glasgow, the best thing to come out of Edinburgh is the last train to Glasgow.....
If the movie came out while he was younger I would say one of the brothers, or he could have played the role of vic
It is a quokka from Australia , they are the cutest animals ever!
Beautiful and unavoidable whilst in the company of sheep
Lmao Breitbart please as much as you complain about biased media. This is one of the most biased media outlet of all time
《Ppfft it's in my pinned xD though the hilarity of being multiverse is she found out she's pregnant with two different people today and I'm cackling
we only 99.9% the best couple bc I didn't have blue hair #뷔 #ARMYSeIcaDay #ARSD
New post: The Black Bonnie & Clyde: ‘Queen & Slim’ Premiering this Fall https://getknownradio.com/the-black-bonnie-clyde-queen-slim-premiering-this-fall/?utm_campaign=twitter&utm_medium=twitter&utm_source=twitter … Join our discord for exclusive content Https://invite.gg/krowdedkitchen #GKR #beatmakers #producers #music #MusicArtist #beats #life #success
Happy birthday to the late Richard Harris #RichardHarris #HappyBirthdayRichardHarris #AlbusDumbledore #ProfessorDumbledore #Dumbledore #HarryPotterAndThePhilosophersStone #HarryPotterAndTheChamberOfSecrets
I dont really want to drink or smoke. Idk why. Kinda wish the cuddlr thing wasnt just a stupid bit though. Only a little. Idk how id actually feel about it. Im just over emotional right now. I just wanna vent.
idk where I got these stats. Just felt like contributing to the conversation
Fortnite should give out season level 100 skins for all the grinders to flex. or maybe a reward of like 500-1,000 vbucks.
I am so sorry to hear this news. I love both of you guys and wish both of you the best.
This is the most important news ever in the history of history
I wish the person I love today, will be my future someday
Steelers are playing, the ratings will be up even if they are 0-3. They only thing turning people off is the  commentary.
from the taxes in a volumes for value and out all the changes, stores, owners, and the landlords, the real estate business, a benjamin franklins sold outs for a non white america a property off of a park bench is more in worths of a value than those trustal's in a oaths
“ ‘Honeyland’ Review: The Sting and the Sweetness - A documentary about a Macedonian beekeeper’s conflict with her neighbors becomes a lyrical environmental fable...The opening minutes of “Honeyland” are as…
It’s a fact that you can increase the property value of your home by 200% by adding this sign to your front lawn. DM me to request one.  Historic District
Anyway, please consider throwing some support our way! We all work super hard and give a lot of ourselves to this thing, and despite my best efforts, we still haven't managed to bring in *quite* the amount of support we need, and to be honest that's kinda demoralizing!
 Ministry of Tele Communication ! Either you improve the network service in NE India or ask PMO & Others to depend on hard copy & India Post
Please forgive the failure Mark Hamill he knows not what he says.
The audacity some men have to snap their feet like I don’t think you’re cute anymore bye
 Happy Music Monday from San Diego, V and please support by downloading a copy of the awesome music for Miss Matilda. https://laydenrobinson.bandcamp.com/album/artists-for-matilda …
After a day without baseball, my girlfriend is berating me because I told her that cheerleading is not as dangerous as football. What I’m saying is I’m not looking forward to the offseason.
Mr Beasley said “Zim cannot only feed itself but it can feed the whole world. It is a great nation and has many opportunities.We will be put together major financial operations to help pple throughout Zim ,
Honestly, why do Trump supporters do that? Are you all afraid of being alone or just terrified of 'non-group think?' You do NOT speak for America as evidenced by Trump's Popular Vote 2.6 million vote loss- highest in US history. More than the #of attendees at his inauguration!
Whenever Elio goes to the restroom or goes outside Princess just stands at the door waiting for him to come back and its so cute
I agree with your point. I think the confusion occured when you compared her to Smolett.
So I want to say to my people.... If you're ever feeling down or defeated remember that you were chosen and crafted because God knew that you would be strong enough to endure the pains and struggles of our people. Keep your head up. I love you all.
People don't just digest music like it's just a combination of frequencies they happen to enjoy or not. All the meta components of a piece of art are going to directly impact the sounds and the music itself. That's why they need to be taken into account when it comes to criticism
Thanks Petra for the mention! You’re super special! Major Matthew USMC
Everyone, pls never repost the LionhearTV post. Reqoute as much as possible. Your RETWEET and LIKE on your Repost Counts and matters. Salamat #FumiYam #YamyamGucong #FumiyaSankai
i aint even get the memo! wow nb pansexual gang leggo
Honestly, the only thing I look forward to with the existence of the Disney Live Action/CGI remakes is the line the merch that comes out for the /original/ movie like they did with Aladdin and The Lion King- and they better do the same for Lady and the Tramp.
The Biebers are pulling out all the stops for their wedding festivities. https://popcrush.com/justin-bieber-hailey-baldwin-wedding-guests-notebook-viewing/ …
Walking in the house after work and being loved on! No greater feeling!
Glad to hear it. Wishing her the best. And you, too Post lots of pictures of you and Taika discussing your part in Thor 5.
He has to admit, it’s spooky— The idea of someone knowing more about your life than you do. But then again, hardly anyone knows about his life. This would never happen to him. Might he suggest being more secretive?
Sharing some recent #workoutwear on the blog today http://ninesto5.com/2019/09/workout-wear-of-the-week.html …
Are we ready for the conversation Tim Burton movies were never good? Most of them look like an edgy 12 y'o art project.
SonaliFan be like, they’re heights are the same? That means this will affect the outcome. What even.
, do you think Ajayi will see snaps on the field this season? I stashed him on my bench, hoping he plays. Thoughts?
This broadcast team is amazing. So very talented, each of them, and they have ingratiated themselves to this town and the team they represent. We are blessed to call them ours. Thank you for all your hard work and entertaining ways.
“Maddie when is the next Astros game?” telling the guys the schedule is my primary role at work and not only have I accepted my calling, I take pride in
i love the vsco gays so much they are all my best friends and i would do anything for them
On other races, specifically indigenous peoples, as well!!! I think it would add more depth to the narrative of disability and race
Imagine being in a church filled with the majority of unbaptized people claiming to be speaking in tongues from the "Holy" spirit. Blasphemy at an extreme level. Please pray for my sisters
We would like to thank everyone that has been supporting us the last few weeks. You are the real MVPs!!!!
I like the fact that the salary is quoted net. However, it is in Euros.
✓ Milan, Paris, New York… Are You Ready To Walk? - 'Do The Catwalk'
Judge needs to tell the truth about his life...hiding in plain sight
Why do I think the fries would still somehow be good
Best wishes for your new innings sir. I'm sure that you will continue your great work for the country in some new role soon.
Society: "ThE rOaD tRaVeLLeD mAtTeRs MoRe ThAn ThE dEsTiNaTiOn!" Also, society: **flags me as abnormal because I get interested in French national roads, US federal roads and Interstates, Swiss national and cantonal roads, etc...** #DoubleStandards in full force!
I did this in Wing Commander III for the various romance options.
The  seems to be working a long term plan & I'm old enough to have learned (a tiny bit!) patience so I can watch it play out
Kind of like a storybook drawing of the moon personified or like a guy in old fashioned pjs with the night cap and gown
The red one, you'd look so smoking hot, I'd be at odds whether I want to see you like this or explore what's inside
Super stoked to announce that my masters paper on outdoor and environmental education has been accepted for presentation at the 2020 World Council for Curriculum and Instruction! Huge thanks to everyone who took time to edit and offer suggestions!
My patients today reminded me why I chose nursing in the first place. I’m feeling so blessed
Who the f... recommended me that trainwreck? #Unfollowed
Because they’re the lawless party. This gop is lawless.
Next Saturday is the very beginning a very good place to start whomp wall phase 4 space force
people were like this all the time in my school, they did not give a fuck
You got to think about the future and how good the next nigga gone treat you
I hope you aint nothing like my old friend or any of the niggas from the past
Everyone really wrote some Tweets over the weekend they were pretty proud of and just put them out there today.
A bon Igor presidency sounds fun until the 20th time "it's a small world" plays on every radio station in the country
Not fair to the rest of the team. They are receiving a free education and showcase to a professional career. Maybe they should pay back the school for expenses.
Day 1 of our visit with our Sr. AP Manager of the North, Greg Thomas. We are honoring our security staff this week for all that they do as well as giving out ice cream to our associates for reaching the 30 Days Safe mark. More fun to come tomorrow and Wednesday!!
According to the TCPA he owes them attorney fees on 12 claims, mandatory sanctions tbd.
This is good, but, even so, very few of the guilty are facing justice. The greatest injustices (by far, with no near competition) are now "legalized." Of course, they're "legal" in the same way Hitler's dictates were legal. ...And Epstein's overlords have escaped.
Sorry fellas, the play was me -1.5 goals in Volta 3v3 Tokyo and it cashed already. Was only available on a couple books
How about Erma chilling out with the Winchesters and Castiel from Supernatural? Erma with them in Sam's car singing "Carry On Wayward Son" as they drive towards through the memories of the series in a farewell to the final season. Love the series, and Erma would love them.
Trump Flirts With $15 Billion Bailout for Iran, Sources Say - The Daily Beast http://bit.ly/2Lqjvkc
something about the way he said this just makes me feel so warm
Seems like a cool venue. I've only ever been to one concert and it was the Heart and Joan Jett concert here in Denver
For A Woman In Venture Capital, Courage Is The Asset That Matters - http://tinyurl.com/y2hjrfun
#repost youngethels ・・・ Last Day of the MONTH! Ya Rent is due...so happy hour ALL day! . . . . #happyhourallday #yarentisdue #happyhour #cheapdrinks #mondaymotivation #craftbeer #cocktails #drank #funtimes #monday…
Congratulations to alumna Stephanie Meade, DNP, who recently accepted the role of chief nursing executive, Mid-American Group/Cincinnati for Bon Secours . https://www.mercy.com/news-events/news/cincinnati/2019/september/bon-secours-mercy-health-names-stephanie-meade-chief-nursing-executive …
That was a good game, we were in a stretch when we'd race out to a massive lead and then hold on for the W. That game was no different, up big at the half, Furman had a chance to tie late but we held on
The Special Prosecutor process would take years. The House would probably have to agree. Lindsey is PROTECTING Biden. Barr and friends are on it.
If you look at the polling, Kamala Harris's big debate moment has totally faded from her numbers. But I wonder how much it helped Elizabeth Warren — by showing that maybe Joe Biden isn't so unstoppable.
wish zach would look at my follow button the way he looked at me in charleston #8letterstour
dbsndjsnd i really havent thought about what the knights outfits would look like all i really think about is how it’s gonna be released tomorrow hhdhshdh good luck w handling the nervousness u feel for valk!!
Yeah it will. May not be this week or a month from now. It will happen. And you’re right, I think Fox gets the nod...
This is legit one of my favorite new follows. Super interesting project and the stadium history mixed in is really good. I'll be really sad when you're done, .
https://www.hudl.com/profile/9784879/Tye-Saxby … BEST QB in the state on NC
My parents are staying at this bed and breakfast in Missouri and said they’re the only ones staying there. Hope they make it through the night.
Agreed, but then money and endless amounts of marketing value happened. And all that was thrown out the window for product pushing. And honestly, its kept me entertained, so I'm not complaining
 Hi! I’ve Seen Soooo Many Great Movies That You Were In! Such A Huge Fan! Can’t Wait To See The Next Avatar 2 Movie! I’M SUPER EXCITED!!!!!
With online surveys/applications there is some wiggle room with how honestly a person can answer the questions. This leads me to consider how truthful individuals are as they prepare answers for significant documents with possible motives & desired outcomes in mind. #SUComm1A19
Society is fickle! In base ten, 12|12|12|12 is the number "twelve thousand, twelve hundred, & twelvety, twelve." Some of that sounds fine to society, some of it doesn't. (Though: research "twelvety") Technically, one hundred & twelve is 1|0|12 but we're not allowed to write that.
that’s the only thing she has under her name lmaoo her last piece of relevance i hope to god Lizzo snatches that shit right from under her
Best Pavilion Site goes to Y3P in the Larwood Pavilion. Special mention to Michelle's Gourmet Kitchen (MGK) in Hoecker 1. Y3P - Barley Stacks, Watsacowie, Sunny Hill Distillery, Rosevale Lentils, MBC Foods, Yorkereation, YP visitor centre and Alpacas Chaparral. #ypfielddays
empty house, mahogany teakwood candles lit, wine in glass, and LANY playing loudly in the back ground. this is what dreams are made of okay
The good news just keeps on coming. You must be giddy about this next whistleblower report. https://www.dailykos.com/stories/2019/9/30/1888977/-Another-Whistleblower-Report-May-Be-Released-About-Trump-s-Tax-Audits?detail=emaildkre …
thank you! yeah same! well, the closest one we can get is the spiral stairs at the bloodstained ritual of the night
Umm can I move in that sounds awesome you can cook and I’ll make sure the house is clean
Remember when Barr summarized the Mueller report? Lol.
There have been quite a few responses to this stating way more life longers and i'm very happy to be wrong in my assumptions. I love life long team players and think they're great for the sport.
Well. A long time because tgat company would be winning over the competition
Oh. If you're talking about the semantics of separation on church and state you're right, but not when it comes to what the entire Constitution-reading world agree it means.
The results of the Area 51 raid are becoming obvious • Loving this crazy wrap on  one-of-a-kind WRX Thanks for this pic and thanks for supporting our page! • DM us for a feature! #southernsubies…
I vote for  of  for  Save of the Week! Vote #BarnhartSOW
Hi !  deserves so much more attention than he gets! Can you please play (& even add) his new song #KillMyMind? His music is so amazing & so many of your listeners would love the song if they heard it! Give it a chance! Thank you!
when harry sings “were like yeah yeah yeah” i just can’t hide the tears
this isnt even half of my tournaments but it's the good portion
I swear to God Titus, more posts like this and I’ll put you on the horny account
Yeah. When I smack him over the head with a slate again.
Lol look at the hair that’s a good looking man appreciate that big fella
 is the apparently the ONLY person in the House of Commons that cares about ordinary Canadians. Look at EVERYONE else laugh as he suggests we should stop price-fixing food, so Canadians won't be overcharged to eat. I'm not laughing. Are you?
Fox News panel on climate change says liberals have "forgotten about God" and are "worshipping the environment instead" via /r/atheism https://ift.tt/2nRGDyN #atheist #humanist
If she was truly sorry, she would have pled guilty, met with the family to apologize privately, and begged for leniency from the judge.
please be a mirage skin in the season 3 battlepass please be a mirage skin in the season 3 battlepass please be a mirage skin in the season 3 battlepass please be a mirage skin in the season 3 battlepass please be a mirage skin in the season 3 battlepass please be a mirage skin i
Oh happy day! I just learned that my library has an upcoming program called "Bluegrass: A History of an American Art Form" taught by none other than musician, author, and music historian Bill Malone. For free. This is why I blather on about the wonders of libraries so much folks.
 Thankies kindly for the follow!!! POETRY LIVES!! LONG LIVE THE ARTS!!
Tune in at 8:00 CDT and help me win the #Liv90Challenge! http://livbetternow.com Check out my entry at https://youtu.be/zpvwoJEUcEU #slenderhemp #hemp #cbd
One thing I love are the tapes so good and give you insight on how messed Batman’s villains are
I want to help them so bad, but they aren’t asking for the help and also not listening to me much of the time. And I don’t talk that long since it’s lab. They seem to shrug lab off as a joke, when in reality it is what will probably save them in the class. I’m trying.
thts amazing ... my town is the size of a pinky toe so im rly shocked rn that urs is lower than me
13/ "Has the LORD as great delight in burnt offerings and sacrifices, As in obeying the voice of the LORD? Behold, to obey is better than
The Federal Government used incorrect rainfall data to give a million-dollar drought grant to a Victorian council that didn't need it. #9Newshttps://www.9news.com.au/national/weather-australia-drought-water-management-david-littleproud-investigates-funding/f43d6ee3-60b7-44e2-8c67-68c62c9583c3?ocid=Social-9NewsB …
Alright fellas, the time has come, fyi I was once again correct on naming them the NL East champion but now time for the playoffs: 1- Who’s our biggest liability? 2- Who’s our biggest asset? 3- What’s a disappointing exit? 4- Playoff predictions?
It's Showtime For The Season Premiere Of #RAW Hope You All Have A Fun Time Watching The Show
Love that when athletes are announced Team GB are getting the biggest cheers (even though there’s not many people there), it’s such a shame when these athletes work so hard but I guess a gold medal is a gold medal whether your watched by 100 or 100,000 Team all the way!
Considering the alternative, flying through a typhoon, I’d consider that a good break.
To correct your analogy, I give you two choices the rules stipulate you can advise me, I then tell you that what ever you choose I will do, if you choose for me to reverse my stance on Brexit did you think it was still advisory if I promised to do it?
I'll be real I think the secret was doing incline flys. committing to them woke up something in my chest i didn't have before
Does anyone need a ticket in the sanctuary? I won’t be to attend 1 ticket is available for 15.00. I will accept PayPal .com
hey planned Parenthood is really nice actually and i consider this a absolute win for MEDICAL GENDER RESPECT and SEIZING THE MEANS OF REPRODUCTION
We're tearing up reading this heartfelt review of our ABFF HBO Shorts finalists screening and Q&A. This is why #ABFFGlobal exists & perfectly explains why we must do more to share our long and short stories far & wide Thank you  for the vision to help make this happen
I don’t listen to anything coming out of earthy crunchy LibTardIA that is Canbridge Massachusetts especially Harvard and I’m from Revere right down the road lol
Thanks for the link. Was there any instance in the colonial days when HongKongers were prosecuted because of this in the absence of free speech law?
What if we kisswhile the Garfield showis playing in the background...I’m joking...Unless
Good to see people in Pittsburgh partying tonight like the home team isn’t 0-3! #NFL100
If you weren't too lazy to read the Law, you would know that this report is consistent with the Law AND the report has already been confirmed on several layers. This includes the White House notes on the one call to Ukraine, and Giuliani. Try to keep up. https://www.govinfo.gov/content/pkg/STATUTE-103/pdf/STATUTE-103-Pg16.pdf …
~Some people don't know how 2 manifest; eye manifest put my skills to the test & let God do the rest°
˓ ˈ ․ ✰ ﹝o c t o b e r ﹣ w i s h﹞ ✰ ․ ˈ ˒ to my dear, wish this month giving a good tale for you. let you shine, smile and happiness. don't forget to take care of yourself and become to be the person who you wants to meet.
New story this past week: The Skewed Life: Not A True Story, But Inspired By One: Story 308: Tour Guide Tribulations https://theskewedlife.blogspot.com/2019/09/story-308-tour-guide-tribulations.html?spref=tw … #theskewedlife #humor #tourguidetribulations #tourguide #TheVatican #Vaticantour #tourists #tourgroup
Ahhh perhaps you are forgetting that these aren’t just the greatest athletes in the world but also the greatest human beings. If they weren’t playing hockey, they’d be curing disease. Show some respect fella
I think I might be the only swiftie that likes to watch SNL
Trump warned us he was going to send Barr after our intelligence agencies. So we got the transcripts first
Sure I do. I've read the Muller report, the transcript of the Ukranian call, the whistleblower report, every allegation, the Constitution, the Framer's notes, selected interpretations on the Constitution, more textbooks than will fit on my shelf, and so much more. You?
My son  cover of  is still on newsstands and stores around the country. Got this one at . Proud dad #ferrignolegacy #prouddad #louferrigno #louferrignojr #walgreens #liveyourlegacy #onsalenow #ironmanmagazine
Prof: Is impeachment legitimate? Guy in class: Absolutly not. Me: Have you read the whistle blower testimony? Guy-No. Me: Did you watch Maguire in Congress? Guy-No. Me: Did you ever read the Mueller Report? Guy-No. Me: Okay??? So then is your opinion legitimate??
A CNN intern just told me that she is so embarrassed by the idiots she works for that she now tells people she works for FOX. She mentioned better than 90 percent of staffers at the network are just waiting for a better job offer but having CNN on their resume holds them back.
I get asked for this from my alarmist friends all the time
If hiring new employees is a difficult process for your company, consider using a staffing agency to find the best candidates for your open positions. https://www.akkencloud.com/the-6-ways-you-can-find-the-best-candidate-for-the-job/ … #akkencloud
Thank you so much to the Marlborough Junior Women’s Club for sponsoring and installing our 3 new sensory paths  !!
We’re visiting Tipaza/Tipasa on Wednesday—and the royal mausoleum of Juba II and Cleopatra Selene—and I am a few emojis away from bursting at the seams in anticipation.
LMAO that's fine still acceptable (it's the best p!atd album lmaO)
If you want to hear more thoughts about Superman: The Animated Series as well as listening to my podcast, you need to head over and listen to
What facts, there is nothing at all in that article. So again, if you'd like to actually send something that states facts, I'm open to reading.
chuchu rocket iniverse is fun and also i deleted it immediately as soon as i recognized the voice actor
YOU SOUND AS THOUGH YOU WANT A DOORMAT. SHE IS A BUSINESSWOMAN. SHE KNOWS HOW TO TRADE GOODS. SHE IS A CRAFTSWOMAN. SHE RUNS THE HOUSEHOLD. PROVERBS 31, YO.
That was the weird part for me. I didn't ever see anything romantic between them and I enjoyed watching their relationship flourish. Since the show was canceled, the writers wanted to leave it open because they felt they belonged together.
Legitimately who cares? Why is the idea of college athletes getting paid for their labor and having a little bit of autonomy treated like it has a body count?
Good morning to exo and exols that streaming shall we Here’s the link: https://youtu.be/AO1OqWwKj1A
CNN contradicting themselves in their own article. Lol. I also love how they call it a conspiracy theory. Schmucks.
‘We are the state that creates. Minnesotans are change makers - and the best ideas come from the communities impacted by them.’ Great to be with folks like  and  tonight celebrating  Cohort 1! #StartupMN – at Palace Theatre
I only had enough energy to do one step in my multi step project for my door The next parts will be coming within the weekend
"Sorry, I don't get it. Can you repeat it?" "You don't have to understand, only sign the papers, Atsushi-kun" "What Dazai is trying to say is we want to adopt you" "I don't get it, Chuuya-san" "I have the money enough for you to eat Chazuke everyday" "... Ok"
I'm showing my ass cuz I'm only doin it once congrats again man I'm really happy for you
The only thing they can point to is the fact that Ripple holds a lot of XRP but that changes daily. More and more companies build on top of the XRPL and hold XRP. The validators are already decentralized. XRP will by time become fully decentralized.
All the people who worked on the intel must feel so good about this backdoor discrediting. Seedy.
ob haters gon always put all the blame on him, i feel that theme 2 tied at the hip so you can never just point at one. the funniest part tho is that they was loving him after that chargers game
What a pleasure to connect with successful  alumni  this morning! It was a privilege to hear about all their success and the positive difference they are making in Upstate SC! #upiswherewelive
it's funny how many committed leftists have the cultural tastes of, like, a 16th century minor aristocrat or bourgeois. they love reading rabelais, shiting out their doo doo ass, listen to stock fart noise megacompilations
Sodom and Gomorrah God was making a point. What was it? This event gives us an opportunity to answer the question: Can I be redeemed and gay? We answer both YES and NO, and then qualify why both answers are possible. https://www.mattysparadigm.org/september-19th/ #anthropology #history
I was young and a bun up road.. oh yes it was better because a did the don gyal
This comes up all the time and it's clear BFI have no intention of ever allocating tickets. Except for events like DeNiro, where they allocate about 80% to VIPs ie media and celebs. You are right; they unapologetically run an elitist system, gen public have no chance whatsoever.
Amazon and other big businesses try to tout $15 per hour as the gold standard for a good salary, livable wage to the average workers. The reality is that after taxes are taken out, say 25% of the $31,200, the…
The cats are super offended that I went outside and played with the dog
i felt that feeling twice....the first time was w/ yoongi and his spray paint hair and the second was when jimin walked out w/ pink hair again and it was only a wig....even bts fall under the "trust no man" statement
Wow I was half asleep and suddenly I heard this loud noise from above and it legit sounded like a plane falling out of the sky. It could've been a UFO coz it sounded so weird and felt like it flew right over my house.
#fromthecollection: This is one my favorite little historical artifacts- a Distinctive Unit Insignia pin worn by an officer at the Air Corps Tactical School. It was at ACTS that #USAF airpower doctrine was codified. #militaryhistory
Dear xD  you're absolutely true about life being but I always recommend to that to my friends " Just Go Ahead " for the sake of God, even is that any casualties are occurs in life. We should take a step for future, so we should boycott's all shit.
i finished wayward son and wow i have a lot of emotions. will be taking the rest of the week off to process.
1. So I've done it a few times in the past n it never ended well cuz I was too quick to confess my feelings n chemistry tht fixed out too quickly. I'm in a relationship now. But hypothetically speaking, if this were to happen again, I probably would stay friends with them
You’re quoting Breitbart??? I want to see the National Inquirer poll. Now that’s a reputable poll! Lol
Where to stay on Orcas Island? SWIPE to peek inside! Light Haus on Prune Alley in the Eastsound - central to everything in town & on the island. Everything was immaculate & clean in this stunning modern 3-bedroom…
ain't got the sense god gave a cuddle for the doggie.
people who say bts are ‘the first’ disregard the decades of kpop that lead to them being able to get so big. like girls generation,,,, and even earlier seo taiji and boys were quintessential to the success of late 2nd gen and 3rd gen groups
Common sense & simple basic science. Natural & optimal ENERGY TRANSFER for earth ecosystem: sun -> grass -> ruminant cow -> human Beef is the most natural & OPTIMAL FOOD FOR HUMANS. https://www.nytimes.com/2019/09/30/health/red-meat-heart-cancer.html … #keto #carnivorediet #karni #vegan #vegetarian #health
Here are the quotations. ZELENSKY: I would also like to thank you for your great support in the area of defense. We. are ready to continue to cooperate for the next steps. Specifically, we are almost. ready to buy more Javelins from the United· States for defense purposes.
I take it with a big grain of salt, but pff grading kinda tells a story. Week in, week out best OL barely grades in the 80s while there is a bunch of 90s for DLs.
Great evening with  watching Gary  - at the  “Jo The Waiter” is one of my favourite of your songs - thank you - excellent gig as usual
Arundel is nice. I like it down in Sussex. I used to deliver to the open prison there when I was a white van man. One of my favourite places! It's a lovely drive from here to there. If you ever make it here I'll drive you down there to your friend's via the pretty route.
I can’t believe he played this well today. Expecting the worst really allows you to be happily pleased
+ he’s not telling us anything. The change of pace is nice and I’m sure they pay might be even better but I don’t want to be burned out from this either.”
Since sellers have great offers and discounts during the sale, products may run out of stock really quick. In case you like a product, we'd recommend that you buy it while the stocks are available with the seller. - Bhargavi https://bit.ly/2OgiIkt
The MA Senate wouldn’t like that. The Hawaii legislature website: Welcoming. Ohio: At least it gets their attention. Mississippi: Welcomes women formally. Georgia: Same, but informally. For me, I’d have to go with Maine.
Happy World Teacher's Day to all the superheroes out there! Thank you for inspiring individual to pursue their goals in achieving their lifetime-career. The unending support you have given to stand in the battle called life is such a promising one. Mahal po namen kayo!
"- The world is finished with entitled white man -the world will never be finished with entitled white men" AAAAAAAA
Annie giggles and sighs Annie: I needed that. You remind me so much of your father, haha Athemar too, but if he heard me say that he would stop talking to me for days Annie rubs seb's arm and looks into the city and smiles
Oooooo,, you do love to play with soldiers and feel important don’t you! These displays are ridiculous & the kind thing dictators do to assert power!
On today's Make-A-Wish Monday on   talks with Alexa about her wish to go on set and hang out with the stars of the movie Descendants 2! https://news3lv.com/features/video-vault/make-a-wish-monday-meet-alexa …
They'll find that the pension is far far too generous & reduce it
It’s like the republicans are finally catching wind of what  has smelled from day one.
Excited to make it easier for Brilliant users to buy more than one  Smart Home Control. When you have more than one, you can use the video intercom system for room to room chat and can even drop into various rooms in your house while you're away with 2-way talk.
70% of the world's CO2 emissions a produced by just 100 companies. Not using plastic bags or cycling more isn't going to do much. We need huge transformations in the way we get our energy. In short, we need a Green New Deal for the world. Pressure your representatives for this.
I have a james potter but I’m not on as often as I used to be in GoT, I love the verse tbh
  #jukeboxmonday to the fantasy playing singer  and  Haven't Met You Yet! Hope to soon!
Felt good to pay my assistant/bookkeeper/psychiatrist...Ohhh I mean my mama... gotta thank that woman while she can still smell the flowers bc Mama Link be holding a playa down!!!
You do realize that not one of them would ever have the courage to attempt the very thing they're teasing you about, don't you?
Commander ! How about we raid Lakewood Plaza Turbo? It has a legendary item to use for the Great Journey?
"Fine," Namjoon stands from his place on the floor only to kick off his shoes and crawl into Jungkook's bed. He holds out his arms. "Come here." Jungkook doesn't even hesitate. He falls backwards and lets Namjoon shift him against the mattress until he's comfortable, throws +
Rocket Lab launch switcheroo shows the flexibility of the new orbital economy http://twib.in/l/EBerbpaoypLp
I am praying for you but you got this because you have God by your side! He does not stop loving you because you hit the wrong path but he will guide you out of that path & lead you to the right one He loves you regardless! Get a bible in rehab & read it & study it & it will help
I think there are various layers to the attack on Stallman, and various beneficiaries. For the China one, Huawei does threaten the US economy in various ways. Getting control of GNU/Linux via "regime change" then prohibitive licensing would be a huge strategic advantage.
i BR-ed anyway but i've reached the end w/o seeing everything. been thinking, the video is in english so i must be happy and look at the bright side of life & those little things that actually matter Ryo u'r still a nerd who fixes your own phone ykwim with all those tweets!
Blessed to hear the Bright Life Farms choir sing at the Ohio River Association annual meeting in Sturgis.
What you need to be happy, according to science: 1. Strong relationships with friends and family 2. A sense of contributing to the community 3. A connection with nature Not your job. Not the new iPhone. Not more money.
hey wasabi if you like steve can i recommend forestyforest his demeanor is kinda like steve, very chill and relaxing and comfy but also upbeat and positive all the time but he just chills in his minivan home
Thanks for bringing this to our attention. Mind sending us a DM with your name, email address, phone number, and the address of the store?
I would no sooner trust McConnell than I would 45. For example, he says he’s going to follow the Senate rules. I want to know if that gives him the authority on determining timing. Does he get to decide when the Senate will schedule the hearings? You know what he’ll do!
The Federal Government used incorrect rainfall data to give a million-dollar drought grant to a Victorian council that didn't need it. #9Newshttps://www.9news.com.au/national/weather-australia-drought-water-management-david-littleproud-investigates-funding/f43d6ee3-60b7-44e2-8c67-68c62c9583c3?ocid=Social-9NewsP …
 ... Boozy did know adults aren’t supposed to play in the play area, right?
I fucks with my followers!! Well, the interacting ones ...... the rest are seat fillers!! Niggas be giving great opinions!!
Haba all the belly dancer criticizes need to appreciate the Nigerian flavor of belly dance, even chair Waka so it's not a small sontin #BBNaija
I feel like a fucken ghost I knew I shouldn’t have trusted the sophora chick
This is the first night in a long time I didn’t come home and go straight to the tv. I made dinner, read my cookbook, and made banana bread from scratch. That’s a good use of a Monday.
But on the other hand you are probably pushing a Trump talking point as a defense against being impeached for ALL his crimes
Some what agree but... Ask yourself do you think this would of happened if he was on the Patriots? Chiefs? Cowboys? I dont
This is the entire point of the dating process though. You discern whether you're compatible with somebody before you make a commitment. Even setting that aside, though, love is meant to be sacrifice; nobody is going to get everything they want, ever.
The team spent their Saturday morning with the Down Syndrome of Louisville Organization helping out for the 2019 Steps to Independence Walk and 5k Celebration!
If it is green leaves you wish for, give the waters of life to mother nature.
Be aware that this is my love for the book. I can’t say you’ll love it as much as me; but take this post the same as me writing a review on Amazon. I personally recommend the book. But taking only my word isn’t wise. I suggest seeing other people’s reviews before you decide.
I put 30 in... but was too lazy to haul the tank outside lol
501-415 by Allah-Las from Worship The Sun #nowplaying
Excellent link. Thank you!! More than just that letter below the letter such as transcript. That letter is excellent and puts them on their heels. Wonder if they’ll comply and what will be done if not.
this is the first time i’m actively tuning into raw since wrestlemania
Love the new livery, but I will miss that golden tail in the sunset (and sunrise... in pics ;)
The unravelling has begun and will move quickly. #ImpeachmentIsComing for #DictatorDonald and I hope for many others, including Barr
I don’t watch a lot of horror, but off the top of my head I think Touch, Sherlock and Mercury Rising represent autism as a kind of super power.
Haha idk so many people reply to my stories and just don’t have the energy to read them all when I get home after reading emails all day at work haha I’m like “people’d” out.
KC let off the gas.... Baltimore was completely outmatched...cool they scored garbage tds very very late, but the game was never in doubt and Reid went vanilla to not show anything more to them
i've been thinking this a lot lately esp since my white friends be using it so much more casually now n it just rubs me the wrong way hearing them say it
 i have a question about your strawberry lemonade? what brand of lemonade do you use or is it made at the store? also, what type of strawberry mix do you use to make the purée at the bottom? i have allergies and want to make sure i can drink this. thanks
If you play games nope its choppy and the gestures bug out...I use my phone for 6+ hours a day and I cannot play Minecraft from the time I have updated it........a few of my apps don't even work...it's not the phones problem but wait a few weeks till the devs path all apps
For context,  and  are loudly drafting fantasy hockey, and  is playing Singer Dr. B on the Amazon Alexa
Congress and the media are corrupt, they DO NO WORK AND ARE NOW ON RECESS AGAIN , They care more about foreigners than US citizens!
Took advantage of the rare cool day to make a big pot of lentil soup with kielbasa, and just pulled and apple cake out of the oven. Somewhere, my German ancestors are smiling!
I was talking of Ethan. You seem well adjusted buddy but IMO the creators sometime need to take a break from this platform.
okay Pls help how do people do this like taking videos from other accs n having "From . . . " at the bottom ???
Say less. It’s one of the best anime’s ever. Yusuke is the most real life protagonist I’ve ever seen.
He really did that funny troll thing when the first voter screenshots the poll and says "100%, case closed"
It's a real problem and if true faithful ppl don't wanna stand against this as they do with homosexuality, liberals, etc. it won't happen and things will remain the same
I kinda dig these but if you get rid of the white sole and air bag, they could easily be a piece of Game of Thrones costuming
That's my fun day … or, at least it was back in the days before a bunch of RWNJ malcontents put a certifiable crazy man in the White House.
we have the same birthday?! holy shit. this makes soooo much sense. happy birthday
So he hasn’t played yet. I think he was active for the dolphins, but didn’t play yet.
Question: if Australia intended to give intelligence that corroborated Mueller and pointed to Papadopoulos's big mouth, would it look different than this. Does this letter mean they were trying to help the fabrication or is that tbd
It’s Breitbart Don. They make  look liberal. Come on, is that the best you got. Almost forgot to ask, How’s Australia?
“According as his divine power hath given unto us all things that pertain unto life and godliness, through the knowledge of him that hath called us to glory and virtue:” 2 Peter 1:3 KJV https://www.bible.com/1/2pe.1.3.kjv
Lawrence (KS) Free State OT Turner Corcoran was in Lincoln for the #Huskers matchup with Ohio State
Getting ready for the #RAW premiere with Rey Mysterio taking on Seth Rollins? Take a look back at over 14 years ago when he & Eddie told a great story over the course of an entire episode of #SDLive. My review of the 5-5-05 episode here:  #WWERaw #WWE
So yes, they're very comparable because they both had/have very weak farm systems and a team at the major league level that isn't capa of sustaining success. The only difference is as you mentioned, the average age.
allie!! u are literally the sweetest n i love u sm, can't wait to see u again n squish u
Good piece, per usual from Rosenberg. Not just the usual sanctimonious anti-NCAA media blather. Smart dude. Smart column. Advancing the story.
this is how every male character should look like. The boob window. The pose. The hair. Absolute pussy looks
Looks like the polls are up -up for your impeachment! Curious how many people you will take down with you. If you're not President the DOJ policy no longer applies to you. Orange skin wearing an orange jumpsuit. Just in time for halloween - Trumpkin the pumpkin.
Agree. If there was any evidence that the really stable genius did grasp the situation, now that would have been tweetworthy.
1of3: This thing called democracy; One of the two major reasons why the United States has led the world for more than 200 years in government functions, science & tech leading to great innovations, and having the biggest economy in the world, is by practicing high democracy
 feel free to stay in Pittsburg and take over the GM duties for  #MNFxESPN
I feel like losing the bottom screen has kinda removed part of what made YW1 fun.
Honestly, I feel like I was since long time, but never knew the word until the summer of 3 years ago, more or less. I always liked more animal characters than human, but became total furry in that summer, playing Major/Minor and liking all stuff.
"If you're non-binary why do you call yourself a mom?" because I am a mother to a child and that is my parenting role and I'm pretty sure I've earned the right to that title also don't police me thanks
Also note —  said this to reporters in May-the AG “is going to look at a lot of documents...& I hope he looks at the UK, & I hope he looks at Australia, &I hope he looks at Ukraine. I hope he looks at everything, b/c there was a hoax perpetrated on our country
Best singers in the last 3 decades 90’s-  2000’s-  2010’s-  I said what I said
Hoseok tells them about the offer he got from a dance school to join them, and Jimin says he’s seriously considering studying Arts. Yoongi is in the middle of telling them about the new song he’s working on, when there’s a knock on the door that makes them all go silent.
the Federal govt pays more than $2 BILLION per month on bank interest to serve its Debt imagine how much SOCIAL SERVICES we could provide with 2 billion a month if previous LIBERAL govt did not have DEFICIT So Leftist Progressives even care ? as long as TODAY they get FREEBIES
Will be in New Delhi, 3-4 October for World Economic Forum India Economic Summit, joining key leaders from government, the private sector, academia and civil society to address strategic issues of regional significance and help shape the future of South Asia.
I feel like the only thing I'm good at is falling... Honestly ready to rest my leg now :c
Oh, she's had the secret service breathing down her neck. Must remove evidence and protect the establishment. No?
that better not be the first recording of 1cm on the ground!!!
i love in re1 remake when barry gets caught and he tires to explain himself then he pulls the gun and she quickly disarms him go Jill
Thank you, AJ Kirkpatrick from ADG, for the overview of OKC’s improvement districts and the options available for district organizations.
135 Guitar Lightnin Lee "Bright Lights Big City" Live at the R L Boyce... https://youtu.be/-WtjlT48mJs via
The Art Center was standing room only today! So much creativity and exploration happening when kids create their own art projects.  and I were amazed this group today  #fcpsk
which is like, the main way he reads people so if ppl aren't that emotive he'll be like Huh. but it's also easy for him to misread shit, like he might get positive vibes coming from someone but wouldn't necessarily know what kind of positivity
My wife used to consider me a little paranoid, now she thinks I'm a bit lax in the OPSEC department. How things can change with one unhinged ID-10-T at the helm of the Titanic. Wait, I swear I hear violins. Lifesaver anyone?
He emerged from the Kremlin woodwork to help further delegitimise the US Government, almost as if he’s serving a master who has an interest in doing that.
But that’s just some feedback on ur online experience. All the important stuff- I’m all in!
Media circus has buried the Ed Buck arrest, BUT https://wehotimes.com/allegations-death-sex-worker-plaque-influential-west-hollywood-political-insider/ … Buck, whose list of friends, acquaintances and “picture-with” photos include West Hollywood City Councilman John Duran, Congressman Ted Lieu, Gov. Jerry Brown and former Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton.
ITS THE SAME OCEAN IN BETWEEN US LMFAO it’s literally the same concept
//ALSO I'm making this post now to save confusion. I will be changing my name to Tashiel soon. Its basically my own boss monster OC thing. Think basically toriel but something I can call my own. The pic I got done recently is the ref for it!
Thanks for spending the period with us! And thanks for helping that student with her equation! Once a math teacher, always a math teacher!!
Peterboroughans! (Peterburghers?) The inimitable  is playing tonight at The Garnet? If you like music, shouting, balloons, and being forthright about how hard basketball is to play (and that’s just one song), you should come check it out. #ptbo
Jeff, you had your chance, you floundered when Americans needed you. Go sit down and let the Democrats handle this!
I agree with the way Saurfang described the Horde in the tower with Anduin. Ever since the Orcs attacked the Draenei on Draenor their twisted definition of honor has been little more than an excuse to commit atrocities. There have been exceptions. Saurfang at the gate was one.
I remember I was trying to put the black people at ISU on game and niggas was more concerned with throwing parties.
We saw some stray rain chances today, but we'll end September as the driest month on record at the NWS Jackson office. #wymtwx #kywx
I hope you breastfeed your baby, it’s not easy but it’s the best and I know you have the dedication and love lo make it right!!  #LandSgang love you guys
So grateful for our #Hopesters who participated in the  golf tournament this past weekend. Helping feed children in the , , and .
Yes yes. That's why Pence tried talking him out of releasing the call memo. Partisan hack.
Old school - anything AC/DC. Only for special occasions like the Boogaloo. New school - Collard Greens Listen to ScHoolboy Q - Collard Greens feat. Kendrick Lamar by TopDawgEnt on #SoundCloudhttps://soundcloud.com/topdawgent/schoolboy-q-collard-greens …
RBs have a much greater chance to get dinged. I love that Boobee only had 10 carries and the rest of the RBs got the rest. He should be rested for UF, then an off week, not many carries vs the Piggies. Would be great if he got 20 or less carries then.
All the points of the stars of Twilights Cutie Mark together = 69. She was also number 69 in the race in 'Fall Weather Friends'. #MLPunfacts
How sad... I hope she has learned a valuable lesson from this. That said, something caused this young girl to do this, she's not Jussie, and I hope the school and her parents look into it. https://abcn.ws/2naLivK
ur a brave man i tried to learn differentials for the gre and landed flat on my face
Why should she send you anything if you aren't paying her ? I know I take great care of myself and the photos I use to represent myself. That being said. It's rude to ask for anything free of charge . You want a special photo it's gonna cost you.
I don't think of all the misery but of the beauty that still remains. - Anne Frank #quote
The LY Series solos seriously are the best like at some point each solo has been my #1 right now seesaw is my fave but like 2 mo it was euphoria
I hope the song for a exo wolf glo up but I already know what my fav part will be so I’m excited.
You’ve surely forgotten how frustrated we all were cuz Ozil was missing games lol.. he tried the shit with Emery too and that’s why Emery keeps saying he has to be 100%. Forget space against Watford. UEL final; Emery started him.. what did he do? Willock came in and played better
Essentially this is leading to a form of Eugenics Parents can’t be trusted to answer regarding their children Kids start forming ideas formally thought normal around age three We will see kids put into social care age 3 next so the state can indoctrinate them with thoughtspeak
Under the church there is likely a well leading to a cavern
I’ve got #Nationals winning the #NLWildCard on TBS.
If you couldn't make it to the  2020 Budget meeting tonight, there is another on October 21, 2019  Community Center. This is an opportunity to listen to future plans by our city & to voice your support, concerns or questions! Let's be present & active!
It's a lot of silence from breweries that normally tweet about everything. And then some. You're gonna see more excitement back on the toilet.
Yes please and thank you everyone do that for me. I would really appreciate it a lot very much. Also  Thank you for the love and support and encouragement I really appreciate it a lot very much.
thanks for sharing! Hope you're having a fabulous start to the week :)
Not suggesting in any way that news is not a public service; but if we look at Canada Post in that it is considered an essential public service, should municipal bylaws perhaps take into account that the government has made it such, and exempt their vehicles from parking bylaws?
That’s great! I’ll finally get the Chance October 11th.
Everything was awesome i just wanted a new chapter i hope they do for the other two dlc packs a hole new chapter or atleast a versus mode 1v1 or 4v4
Trump can still tweet freely but HumbleTeej cannot. The #awedassidy
pretty much still got a bit of the old empire mentality left, despite losing all of it
I’ve got #Nationals winning the #NLWildCard on TBS.
to bad none of them had a guilty plea b/c of Trump If you bring up who he slept with in the last decade At least his taste was better than B Clinton and Trumps women said yes, not I was raped
Results from a new #ACT #research study indicate that having a strength in math and science is positively related to completing a math-intensive STEM #college degree. Read the full report to find out more: https://bit.ly/2AXolQz #ACTInsights
And, noticed he used the word "tonal" which led me to "atonal" which reminded me of this delightful "atonal banjo" send-up & I thought I'd share 'cause it's so darn funny. https://livemusicblog.com/videos/gimme-some-of-that-ol-atonal-music/ …
Well lean like him chin in malice with the right side of him face
Trump colluded with Ukraine to influence the 2020 elections and engaged in criminal behavior to cover it up. Sign the petition telling Republicans to choose country over party:  via
Only if he can bring the same energy to this president. Hypocrisy at its best. I wish ⁦⁦ ⁩ has the ball to go to congress like she did. ⁦ ⁩ ⁦ ⁩https://youtu.be/v5DEROUA568
Music is the best mood alteration! What’s one song that always lifts your spirits?
“What song do you want to learn next?”- guitar teacher “How about the Bills Shout song?” - our 9 y/o #billsmafia #proudbillsfan
the chorus is a mess but the members themselves are talented and it shows whoever wrote the i don’t even care to the left to the right stuff needs to go tho hahdhshsh
I feel like the Christmas tree in Trincity Mall already up and the radio stations in Trinidad already have parang swinging...
I would say I hope you enjoyed but the whole TL done seen you did
This is all about mining companies wanting free reign to commit unchecked genocide against Indigenous peoples and ecocide all over the Americas. Same reason we support Bolsonaro and the imprisonment of Lula.
Congratulations to  for winning our Roman Magazine giveaway please be sure to contact  to get your Roman Inked Magazine and thank you to everyone who entered the giveaway
I'm a wizkid fan but I didn't really like ghetto love. I have people that really love it but that doesn't make me still like the song I love joro and it's normal if another person doesn't like it. It's choice and it shouldn't be up for debate
It's almost like you think waiving Baertschi changes the outlook of this team and the expectations for the season.
ANNOUNCEMENT Bobby Fulton, 1/2 of the The Fantastics, will be at Bobby Eaton: A Night of Appreciation! 100% of the  buys & ticket sales will be given to Bobby as a thank you. This event is a surprise for him, so #DontTellBobby! Tickets at http://DontTellBobby.com
Jared Kushner likes to stay out of the news and under the radar, but he’s deep in this crap and I hope  remembers that.
Maverick Member Monday’s! Today’s featured member is Mitchell White! This is Mitchell’s second year in the MMB playing the mellophone. He is a Junior Cuber Security major. Mitchell says his favorite part about being in the MMB is summed up in two words, “the humans”
To everyone that jumped the race bait wagon, did you already apologized or what?? #JusticeForAmari
The same catechetical & liturgical & music ministry pros & strategies that drove entire generations from the faith and scoff at the Latin Mass then task themselves with bringing people back, thanks for the guaranteed employment anyway, suckers.
Worked around Max Strus for many years now, watched him play many games From the Allstate arena building the court to the Wintrust arena managing the venue and now he’s in the NBA, so amazing. https://youtu.be/51yLCLZYPww
IAM Platform Curated Tweet: What are the Security Challenges in Cloud Computing? https://blog.iammarketingmedia.com/what-are-the-security-challenges-in-cloud-computing/?utm_campaign=twitter&utm_medium=twitter&utm_source=twitter …
Dunko put it excellently. The second is superior in every way otherwise.
Excuse the paper plate but I just made some amazing apple crumble with homemade perfectly scooped Madagascar vanilla bean ice cream.
WATCH:  does a great job walking through the Congressional Research Service piece of this on-going cover-up story. Starts at 36:18 - take the 5 minutes to watch, then forward/RT
Hello, we apologize for the delay, our repair times are subject to change. For updates on when your outage will be complete please check our Cox connect app https://www.cox.com/residential/education-center/getting-started/cox-connect.html …. -Devante
Akuhle kubuyiselwe lama properties eZapu. Those had better title legitimacy than the Blue Roof eyantshontshelwa imali zabantu for Mugabe to enjoy commiting crimes against humanity from a position of king like comfort.
Love your spirit. You are an inspiration to me and the world.
"Judeo-" "Our best values" "The best science, art, music, and architecture"
There isn't a false note by any actor. It's just stellar in every way. The actor playing Kendall is a revelation #Succession
9/ or demand. Ordinarily, at that time, the Law of Moses was supreme and Joseph could have gone with law of “An eye for an eye…,” but he
Tim Hardaway Jr. sees himself as the Michael Finley to Luka and KP's Steve Nash and Dirk Nowitzki. In some ways,  can see it! He tells you why, and catches you up on all sorts of other interesting tidbits from Mavericks Media Day.https://theathletic.com/1255251/2019/09/30/why-its-ok-to-be-optimistic-about-tim-hardaway-jr-and-more-mavericks-media-day-musings/ …
You're probably thinking of "The Best of Times", which is a great song with a great message, and some elements would be applicable. I think the father/son dynamic is difficult for some and it leads to long-lasting tension. I know many who are in the same boat.
The touch was appreciated— their gazes would soon meet, with J’s head slightly leaned back into her girl’s digits, ﹠. tilted up at that. ‘ Oh, is that right? Be careful, darling, I don’t want the two of ya getting 𝑇𝑂𝑂 attached... 〞 A firmer squeeze was delivered to that »
anyone else just feel so powerful when they go to trader joe’s? i walk in that bitch feeling like i own a house like the kardashian’s knowing damn well ima go home and eat ramen for the 5th time that week
Today’s the last day to visit the #Batman80xAmazon pop up shops! Check out my haul from my #Batman80 shopping spree courtesy of #Amazon! https://youtu.be/dFUk-ivJd6E #Batman #LongLiveTheBat
I wonder if the first woman to ever get her pussy ate was like, “Aye, what you doin down th—“
if you go to a professional they’ll be good about making sure your hair isn’t damaged, especially if you haven’t had it done before! and as long as it’s not super dark it won’t be difficult/hard. (make sure you look up reviews and such of the salons before)
Pulled a graveyard shift to deliver on the Man Thing ability breakdown! Mad love to  &  for getting this early info out! https://youtu.be/Gkpmd4ywJFY
So much this. I’m hoping to do NaNoWriMo this year and write the kind of novel I was trained to see as not literary enough. Life’s too short not to do the creative stuff you want to do.
This week’s #DVFUnwrapped kicks off a five-part series surrounding the 2019 #DVFAwards. Head to our YouTube channel to watch share the message behind the awards, how it felt to meet the inspiring honorees, her favorite piece of advice, and more...
You never realize how much happier you are when you remove someone toxic from your life... It's hard though when they're the same person that keeps you level headed when you get mentally stressed...
Looks like the costume is definitely making its way here I’m so freaking excited
New cardmembers "benefits" are just a reduction in value for a bigger fee. Time to shop around for something different after 10 years with the
The Federal Government used incorrect rainfall data to give a million-dollar drought grant to a Victorian council that didn't need it. #9Newshttps://www.9news.com.au/national/weather-australia-drought-water-management-david-littleproud-investigates-funding/f43d6ee3-60b7-44e2-8c67-68c62c9583c3?ocid=Social-9NewsM …
I agree completely with you ! His whole life consists of the easy way out! Teflon Don. Well his scratches are showing now making him obsolete! It's time for his High Crimes and Misdemeanors to stick!
Honestly tho dc I would love a detail on you vs jon 1. First 3 rounds were super close. Round 4 you took off and round 5 was both of you guys being tired. Would just like to hear what was going through your head during the fight. This is coming from one of your biggest fans lol
2 percent of Breitbart readers aren’t with Trump? This is serious data showing the fall off in approval is real.
I Love You and So Do the Rest of The People Close to You, Probably More Platonic than My Love for You but You Know, You're One of Us
ASU PURGE IS BACK Get ready for the scariest night Join us at state Sunday night for the offical homecoming kickoff ! Tickets are on sale NOW ! Get them before they sell out ! WILL YOU SURVIVE THE PURGE
As a person who took a journalism class, Journalism is a human process, And like any other human process, The product can not be divorced from its biases.
This question interests me because I started reading my dad’s SFF in junior high because I loved its overt challenge of the status quo.
You’re coming at them yet the first one you mention is the wii one....and you didn’t even mention the ORIGINAL super nintendo one.
Yes, we do! You can find all the information needed here:
 Hey, Scott, you going to the world premiere of Disney’s #MaleficentMistressOfEvil in Los Angles tonight in 3 minutes? I’m curious to see if you think it’s the Mamma Mia: Here We Go Again of 2019 (meaning it’s a movie that’s superior 2 the 1st & also a good movie).
yeah, how do i link it from the source to the essay and vice versa?
Rip to my little fishing friend Cody we had a lot of good memories together for the time we knew each other I’m going to miss seeing you every time I go to the doc to fish until then we’ll meet in the next life
I think anyone who seriously ponders if they are perhaps a narcissist, is automatically free of that disorder. True narcissists are incapable of the consideration.
yeah when dylan meets the r&bs carolina's like "which freelancers are missing" and dylan's like "all of them!!" or something like that lmao but you right. only a few episodes from 15 actually happened.
Let’s be honest, for most of us this is the end of our childhood. WE HAVE THE RIGHT TO BE DRAMATIC #BieberWedding
 I love your reporting. You are the absolute best! And I loved your blouse today.
I love how I change my avatar for the first time in ages and twitter locked my account for suspicious activity
Who wants to take a guess at what this line is? Multiple answers are accepted! Hint: One of the answers is in my previous tweet. #newx #iawx
May He Rest In Peace USA ., My Condolences To His Family And The NYPD Police
yeah it feels like research is one of those things that you really just need to have as the work centerpiece or it becomes impossible in a way that some kinds of artmaking aren't
Kiokuya: Here's the thing. I really don't know how they set up the story with the change. In the novel, Ryoichi & Kyouko didn't date. So, it totally made sense why she would erase her bad memory without even thinking of Ryoichi. But in the movie, they are engaged! (Not spoiler)
quando acabar bojack e the good place esse ano é bye bye  #nadapessoal
so nice meeting you :D hope to see you at more events in the future too!
You don't give a shit what people think while you're alive as is, which is one of your best qualities! Doesn't make anything I said wrong. The continued hate of Myron is such a weird flex though. I don't get it.
I’ve heard people say similar things like they like to EQ before Autotune but I’ve never seen any concrete evidence to prove the changes it makes lol I could be wrong
Thank you for the encouragement! My hair already dried better using a T-shirt rather than a towel so thumbs up so far
Absolutely. If I don’t try to do this each day I don’t think I’d make it to lunchtime. It’s the mental fortitude that helps overcome my physical stuff. Staying positive and doing exactly what you mention is the key!
Hi . Thanks for bringing this to our attention and we’d like to help. Please send us a private message including your full name and the last 4 digits of your card, phone, email associated with your account so we can check.
If it was in the 70s all year around I'd be in paradise
If you are LeBron James, who can make a lot of money off your image? Fine go straight to the pros make as much as you can. If you are not that good be happy getting a $120k college education for free. I won't be buying your jersey because I'm scrimping to save for my kids tuition
a lot of the members + mods were actively arguing against them for it saying they dont want "rainbow dinos" (even tho the males are already colorful??) and are saying they bought this game for "realism". im just like. ??? I HOPE THERES SOMETHING DIFFERENT??
I love how Harry Maguire is the first United player to put his hand up for offside when Arsenal score Put your hand down Harry lad, it's just embarrassing! You're playing him onside by about a mile!! #MANARS
Morrison has NEVER done anything that is not in his own self interest. #auspol #NotMyPM #LiarFromTheShire #uspoli #uspolitics #Corruption
Yes! Bring back Greg! He’s a man I have the utmost respect for and I know alot of college high school coaches feel the same. He’ll guess us back to where we belong!
 keep Shelly close because once your tlc contract is up your moms gonna hit the road again. These babies deserve a good grandmother. #unexpected #unexpectedtlc
I'm totally in LOVE with your Perfect and Horny Face and Eyes during hot sex my most beautiful creature Karla...every time you can write to me with a tweet or you give me a your sweetest kiss,i'm the man happiest in this world!italian kisses!
Seriously can we please not pubstomp and t-bag every new PvP player? Just let people learn how to play the game and make some friends instead of stroking your own, sad, fragile ego.
onise iyanu you are the God of awesome wonders i’ve tasted of your power
 medieval DOS game stats according to me: 1) joustin 2) drinkin 3) brawlin 4) supplicating to the king to take the princess' virginity 5) brawlin 6) courtin the tavern wench after the king has disarmed and disowned you 7) joustin drunk 8) screamin from the sto
Me: shanks guard to escape my room My room mate in the nursing home:
What if after Shinji starts strangling Asuka he gets really close to her and whispers "Truly we are the Evangelion"
The Maximo Utility Working Group Conference in Phoenix is kicking off. Great Venue. #phoenix #maximo #muwg
I need help organizing my house and setting up for the next baby ugh I feel so overwhelmed
Changed to schedule Not available tonight 4pm - 8pm Sorry for any invonvience, free the rest of the week :)
You're right, playing the Ravens is like rookie mode
Democrats Tax Plan: Increase Income Taxes to 42%. As all the poor and middle class in their cities starve in Tent Camps, and the leaders like Pelosi sleep behind a WALL. Your people already pay state taxes and come home broke. Now a tax increase?? LOL See you in 2020!!! MAGA
Just this place. . . [ He spoke in reference to their arrival finally to the new planet, inhabitants, and all around controversy surprising their surroundings. ]
  Hope these socks are lucky on non-match days too. Flying off to meet the new Boss.
I'll do that once I have steel cut oatmeal. The stuff I currently have is easy to nuke! You've got a lot of spicy eats on your blog. I have the Korean red paste. Anything special you recommend with that?
8/ He (Joseph) understood the laws of God and obeyed them irrespective of his feeling, thinking and what the society (and others) may say
Iunno bout all the that but moving to Chicago in the near future is definitely on my radar.
 LOL how does Q say it? [These] People are dumb. I bet they did not even think of this when they changed the whistleblower requirements:
A fellow NJ Transit train rider is watching “the hilarious comedy of Sinbad.” How do I know? Earbuds are not in use. Speaker is up so he can “share” with the entire car. I can now officially declare my vacation over.
A Bengals win helps us and we have the Steelers pick so a loss would help us
#np Suriusmo ....the breakdown at 1:52 is topz. https://music.apple.com/gb/album/einmal-in-der-woche-schreien/596085160?i=596085231 …
The simulcast was a huge blessing to me and my fellow strong sisters in Christ. Thank you for being faithful! Representing Worcester, Mass.!
Really liked ur story pic on lj today, is all about the girl away from the sex appeal & more the adorable, cute, fun friendly one that is no wonder one gent could get hooked & dawn in ;)
EOS raised $4 billion and the SEC fined them $24 million. Theres your justice folks. They laughin as they write the check...
Wasn’t this guy ’s best buddy on the radio not too long ago? Both turned into weirdos.
As you have stumbled upon this, herewith I signify that this account is now on the new handler's care. Anything that related to the previous owner is NOT my responsibility to take. You are permitted to cut off the tie or keep the saga continues as mutuals! Xo, Zhiangseqi.
This is a really interesting interview! Perfect timing too as I've just landed in the USA to do my level 1 DDP with Dan Hughes.
That is basically the most wild and free a person can get
 get the midfield and defense right weekend please and thanks , Pierre can’t be saving us every match
hey  we're both older than clive babineaux. i think he just acts like so much of an adult on the show i assumed he was older. now he is my baby.
Let's not forget this whole 'middle class is a value set' is coming from arguably the most prominent Dem
Let’s get one thing straight Leeds Utd are not the best side in the championship and IMO will not get automatic promotion !
Baseball is not over. The playoffs are starting. If the owners had acted like a big market team we would still be playing.
I really wanna be really great in music, for a part of my life I wanted to be a pediatrician but it never felt right. Then I made it into honors chorus at my school and I feel so happy being able to sing with people I love!Very excited for what the future holds!
I agree with Josh, however I’m so tired of wannabe “big name” people spending time following thousands of people to them do a mass unfollow, this creating the perception of niche celebrity.
On 11/04/2020 the headline of every single newspaper in the world from the tiniest weekly shopper to the giants like the New York and London Times should, in a gesture of solidarity, print two words only: You’re Fired!
I’m not talking about you I’m talking about your friend that doesn’t like to hear the truth, but then again looking through this thread you don’t seem to either guess she should have hit you with those alternative facts you guys fancy so much
Things I want in life: the studio version of “Jealous” by Jessica Mauboy
It has felt like an absolutely disastrous start to the season but with a win tonight, the Steelers are only one game out of first place in the division with five division games remaining. #HereWeGo
Blessed to be selected to play in the Blue Grey All-American Bowl In 2020.
You can at least call 911. I'd encourage you to take First AID/CPR if you have the chance
This is me all the time The only reason I still do it is because I still get good grades
Yep. I just wish they wouldn't show up in my feed so much. Twitter used to be a safe haven where I could read about tech interests. Now it sadly seems to be turning into one and the same. I'm speaking out so other reasonable techs aren't alone. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
the process of  picking juliette up has me actually cry laughing right now
Im watching Jane the Virgin for the first time & im pretty far in and still don’t see any change in Janes belly. It is irritating me.
You are wrong about him not having the Right. Article 2 Sec 3 and the Treaty between Ukraine and the US says otherwise. Candidates running for President are not protected from criminal Investigations. All you have to do is cite the Law that says otherwise and Court wins. U cant
Adam throwing Kirk under the buss is the best thing to happen cause now im gonna be  game on Sunday and watch Kirk throw bombs to Diggs and Adam live at the stadium. Lets go!! #Skol
They could have thrown in the word 'allegedly' for good measure, but the article did cover that much. How is reporting on an incident at a religious school NOT related to atheism? And what were they supposed to do? Wait for the trial for the verdict?
it looks like tony hawk would skate it. i dont like the curtain on the right side. needed to be in the middle IMO
Lol what are you supposed to use? How you get the juice?
I agree.Its a very cynical move, and its also a very foolish http://move.It will strengthen the hand of those pointing to London and accusing them of not being an honest broker.There will be next to hope of power sharing anytime soon with this Cons Government.
This is the kind of legislation corporate lawyers salivate over finding loopholes in. It would need to be rock solid and have clear definitions to ever have teeth. Something to consider.
Have your so-called journalist friends been pushing DEM propaganda? Asking because we have to wait 24-72 hr before the truth ever comes out, can never believe initial stories #corruptnews
OK, admittedly I cheated a bit and went with refrigerated pie skins, but I put my Berlin Orchards apples to good use and tried my hand at a few apple pies for the first time in my life tonight! If smell counts, these beauties are gonna be tasty! #theapplesofmypies #messyNumberTwo
Happily at the expense of peace in Ireland blaming it not on its own intransegence but on the UK. You are quite correct the EU is exercising its power for its own self interest but that interest is discouragement of further exits and disabling the UK in the future.
Mine didn't have orange juice, though. I think mine was: - Get a slice of fresh bread - Butter - Place in bowl - Sprinkle with sugar - Add milk - Serve with spoon
I’m voting yes knowing that he may be and won’t. The operative word is should
SANCA's Glam Rock Flying Trapeze shows on Saturday will include Molly Moon's ice cream! Your donations at the shows help build our scholarship programs and opportunities for youth to participate in circus! AReserve your free seats here: http://glamrock.brownpapertickets.com
Although the decadent bliss of having a drill in one hand and a power screw driver in the other...
Behind the Iconic Image of Louis Armstrong Playing Trumpet for His Wife in Front of the Sphinx and the Pyramids of Giza https://www.vintag.es/2017/01/behind-iconic-image-of-louis-armstrong.html …
letter : p kpop group: pristin favorite song from the group: black widow bias: kyla e nunu drop an emoji and i'll give u a letter.
Pineapple wall hanging! For those hanging on to the last remnants of #summer, this adorable #quilted panel #pineapple can adorn your wall all year long! . It’s 15”x27”. *will be put up for sale online after Art in the Park, Oct 5-6th. #quilt #wallhanging #decor
I call myself a failure while the king of kings calls me a masterpiece and His own.
Looking back at the  revelations – A Few Thoughts on Cryptographic Engineering https://blog.cryptographyengineering.com/2019/09/24/looking-back-at-the-snowden-revelations/ … > Did Snowden’s leaks make us better off, or did Snowden just embarass us and set back U.S. security by decades?
I saw the paused video and was like oh yeah Sagwa!! This show was PBS masterpiece
Congressional committees... give me a break. They showed their true colors in the last 3 years.
When majority of the vocal playerbase is complaining about it and no one did for Wish jacket it's clearly and issue. You clearly don't understand marketting lmao
Genji!! Sto- laughs - ok, ok, you can enjoy them while you can. But the dark hour approaches... there is not much left for them.
When the Secretary of State AND the Attorney General can't be trusted, what is left? Thank God we have a House that can be!
Hey  ~ here's green day's biggest hit. #AmericanIdiot Maybe they'll play it at the #NHLAllStarGame https://youtu.be/Ee_uujKuJMI
Love you! So glad you were able to make it. LL wouldn’t be the same without you!
still play it highkey excited for the nether update omg
But quality care isn't just about being able to get treatment at all (that's the bare minimum!), it's about making sure you feel safe around health professionals. This bill does nothing protect patients from judgement from practitioners who will treat you. /10
Even if you don’t watch the movie, listen to this track by the amazing Korzeniowski.
Don’t be sorry, because Victorian Worgen deserves all the love.
It’s honestly one of the best animated movies out there - visually and in terms of story-telling.
 Thank you for live-tweets. By any chance the event was recorded for podcast episode ? Have been reading/listening  's book
Yup. Jovi confirmed it. I’m starting Grey’s over. Lol it’s up there with The Office & Parks.
Ok I know this is supposed to be a burn  but look at the results
Happy birthday to my homie  (it’s officially ur birthday in the UK!) I hope you have an awesome day
Packed hahse at the AFC North Shred of Dignity Bowl!!! #MNF
Just had an INCREDIBLE weekend (that I’ll highlight later) and one thing I latched onto over the past couple days is that “as you fill up your cup, do so in order to pour back out.” #fijiambassador You can’t give…
shout out to    for surprising me ajdjfhfjfjf now I think back, I think I bawled my eyes out not because of the proposal but because my best friends were there
Oh yes. That was his favorite movie for a long time too. That’s why our grandma bought him the cd :)
Up next on the g1 Wrestling Universe PPV A Summer Night we hang the Million Dollar contract case above the ring once again as up next we have  vs  in a ladder for the contract case match http://twitch.tv/aredrobe
Ah ok hmm Might have to travel to the other team side to ambush them through
Yes. That's another one of his policies that i love. idk how many people I've talked to around the country that get angry that there aren't term limits for them. It should have been done long ago.
So the Whistle Blower is only a Stand In for the SPY that was listening in on a very HIGH SECURITY, PRIVATE PHONE CONVERSATION between the President and another Foreign Leader=== TREASON!!!! (SPY)
An independent audit judgement has been overturned by the Director General in self-preservation mode. A win for the so called anti-populist movement. We live in the age of disturbing selective hypocrisy.
Thanks for taking one for the team. Please let us know how Fox is spinning all of this.
I’ve heard about the Titanic my entire life and not one mention ever of any people of color on the vessel. Sadly, I never thought about it but I should’ve known better.
OHHH YEAAAAAAAAH!!! Cue Holt taking Raven by the hand and leading her off to party with her! This will be so fun!!!
Does that mean you will give up all the advantages new green tech will bring? Seems only fair.
i use an app called Look of Disapproval on the Play Store! lets you save all of your fave weird emoticons :)
Bro numbers don’t lie. Yes I remember that game and there’s a few more but overall he’s been a great DC to us and has the numbers to prove it.
It really is amazing how insecure the man is. It's pathological.
#IFellInLoveBecause Random images on the internet can't disappoint me. Isn't that right, Jim?
The truth will be revealed in due time. It can't be stopped... it can't be hidden forever.
Sis, we both cant stop laughung over the audio i dont think there's something beautiful as love in making it, only horny-ness
Final day of #skunktember and I'm down on the floor, "obedient" and in the ready position~ See you at MIR this year~ ;3
 yo I’m straight getting blue screen ever since the update I can’t even play I walk around and get a squad invite and get kicked from the application entirely
Like that was a LOT of work to recreate, beautiful game to shitty polygons, from scratch? Like why? But also all wow, nice job trying to make this shit? Going so far as to recreate the CONCEPT TRAILER LIKE WOW
Since the skin servers are down, tried to replace steve.png with my skin file. Loving the deep V right now.
#Silly isn’t it? This show that ran only for a few years in the 70’s on #Saturday morning became part of my #personal #programming.
 #VoiceBlinds LOVE watching you on The Voice. Always so upbeat and hilarious, but so genuine with the artists too!
#Trump and his Supporters are the Real #Whistleblowers https://www.americanthinker.com/articles/2019/09/trump_and_his_supporters_are_the_real_whistleblowers.html#.XZKWFSeN43Y.twitter …
Idk he wanted to buy the account of me and the gift card didn’t work and he said the gift card doesn’t work for him cause he lives in Canada .
In other words: Pelosi wants to change the USMCA Bill to what she wants even though Canada and Mexico has agreed to it already.  please get this bill passed even if you have to use an executive order. Obvious Dems won't pass it.
Didn’t have a history like Burfict does. Whether that should be part of the decision idk, but I promise it didn’t help his case.
But also in hindsight, the entire league got all of those picks wrong. All three of those players have played like 1st-round draft picks and only Ramzcyk (barely) was.
I wonder how bad the ratings have dipped since the Judge went sour on Trump? Love to see how the shows he is on are doing. I only watch Tucker and Hannity since Shep and the others went left!
it’s yuuta’s solo song loving hours !!! i love both of them and how much it shows the kind of character yuuta is in general?? he’s definitely the type to want to support his loved ones and make them happy all the time, making sure that they who often overwork are able to rest
SLS certainly has it's drawbacks, but underrated is the impact that core stage delays have had on EUS (which would make this whole thing a heck of a lot easier)
Friendly reminder the Police Union endorsed don the con recently for 2020
Thank YOU for hanging out with us. Glad you’re enjoying the show.
what if st4 takes place very few years later but will and el kinda drifted from the party even tho thats highly unlikely
Supports two guns on one card as well. Cool stuff. The question is is it $100 king of cool.
Am I the only one who loves black cherry seltzer water?! Good! Don’t buy up my shit!
We can go back & forth on this. I do respect your opinion, regardless of whether you do mine. I think both parties are the same - & that is why so many like Trump. We want the swamp drained regardless of party. A twitter war means nothing & is just tit for tat...
honestly the fact that anytime someone sees dinosaurs they think of me makes me feel way more high than any drug is that my brain creating happy chemicals bc fuck yeah dinosaurs make me happy
and the people i do got..ion know if i even want them around
Okay. i like art and my teacher so in conclusion i like all my classes i like the school, there’s only 2% of the students who are DUMBASSES!!!!!!!!! but other than that Yas!
What country should I travel to? I haven’t been out of the United States yet and I’m ready to plan a trip!
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Are you serious? ha ha ha, this is good. Someone get the green shirt guy in here.
Did you know that Pineapple juice is 500 times more effective at helping you stop coughing than cough syrup? Pineapples contain Bromelain which can combat infections and eradicate the bacteria
It has been a fantastic 24 hours - first, the Cowboys lose and then Boom, accepted into the  Beta!! What a day!! Can’t wait to dig in and provide feedback to make a great product even better! Thanks
“This movement is not about saving the Democratic or Republican parties, it’s about saving the soul of this nation! If the people rise instead of shrinking back, we can press on to the uplifting of this country!”  #PoorPeoplesCampaign ( Steve Pavey, #HopeInFocus)
Oh the Dept of Justice? They’ve lost all credibility. Bet Putin is happy trump’s helping him destroy our democracy. We’re becoming as corrupt as Russia. #TrumpCrimeSyndicate
Kali Uchis is an artist that I am currently listening to. In her song, "Feel like a fool," it is easy to notice the use of the melisma technique, as well as the switch between her head and chest voice.
Her case for democracy; improved, extended, and cleansed of corruption, inspires other skeptical potential voters, including in the south and the rustbelt, and Warren has a resounding victory over Trump, winning in a landslide. Vote reform is given a major spotlight.
傷ついてない振りして 転んで擦りむいてまた無理して 笑ってられないんじゃ何も意味ない この手を貸すよそこの君へ welcome to the next stage 【Next Stage】
 if Nancy Pelosi was so sure of the decision why did she just order the inquiry and not put it to the vote like past impeachment inquiries? This inquiry really isn't official and is nothing more than what it was last week. A Joke!
A very malignant pair. How can Gorka be traveling with the Sec. of State? Gotta get the talking points straight, I guess and perhaps Pompeo is asking advice about lawyers.
Congratulations!! Looking forward to wherever the fates may point
my supervisor is so helpful and sweet i think she's the main reason i haven't thrown in the towel at work
From https://www.hopkinsmedicine.org 1.Vaping Is Less Harmful Than Traditional Smoking.2.Vaping Is Still Bad for Your Health.3.E-Cigarettes Are Just as Addictive as Traditional Ones 4: E-Cigarettes Aren’t the Best Smoking Cessation Tool.5: A New Generation Is Getting Hooked on Nicotine.
Disruption has caused organizations to incur decreasing revenue streams, leading to insolvency. By dilligently and successfully collaborating during each step of the process, restructuring can not only generate financial stability, but also set the... http://bit.ly/2nWOdIC
Check out my trophy for getting first place in the Weekend Warrior challenge! #Fitbit
I still buy #Flintstones vitamins “for the kids” but I pick out all of the Great Gazoos for myself. And when I run out of those, I claim all Dinos.  #MeTVFlintstones #GreatGazooRules #HelloDumDum
#GOP rank and file need to re-evaluate and renew their party for the next decades for the sake of the country (wa-wa) and their own skins. Call them now!!
"I'm glad you think so, but I think yours is even prettier.~" She would pat her for a bit further, stopping eventually only to pull the girl into a warm hug. "Yes dear~?"
Must be nice to be able to deceive yourself that the economy is better. Then again, you probably have not lost a job you loved, lost your health insurance, and had your taxes raised—all of which happened to me this year in the “Trump economy.”
I had been misspelling his name, glad you showed me the correct spelling.
Been accepting a lot of random friend requests on fb for god knows why. Just got one from this dude who's cover photo says, "butthurt is not grounds for impeachment, the more you know." No thanks.
"The Chihayafuru card is a card about love" ~Ayase Chihaya~
We stopped for 15 minutes while she called dispatch to find direction lmao and so many people pulled out their phones This is probably the funniest thing that has ever happened to me on here
#weekend You define a good flight by negatives: you didn’t get hijacked, you didn’t crash, you didn’t throw up, you weren’t late, you weren’t nauseated by the food. So you are grateful.Paul Theroux
Doug is a member of the ALP. And I’m not ‘dismissing criticism’, I’m questioning the terms of the leader of the Greens party’s engagement, particularly his adopting the frame of the PM.
Warren makes and impassioned case for why the views of third party candidates and the voters drawn to them are vital to democracy, and we need a voting system that allows a fair playing field, but under the current voting system, the only way to get Trump out, is to vote her in.
Watching a documentary on Russian money laundering / information falsifying and Trump / TONS OF WORLD LEADERS and oh my god THE WORLD IS ON FIRE and also Russia controls the whole world wow omg.
#cvspatriots Congrats to the Boys Varsity #soccer team on their 4-0 win over Schenevus #trivalleyleague
It was a blessing to have Pastor Kobernat & 3 men from Cross Point BC visit with our team at #pbcpp new property. Grateful for the fellowship in the gospel. #GodIsGood #Missions1040
The subtle art of not giving a f* - Mark Manson The Broker - Grisham The Client The richest man in Babylon Mistress of the Game - Timmy Bagshawe Windmills of the gods - Sheldon Sidney When God becomes Real - Brian Johnson
 Question: Do the people who win cars, have to accept the car or can they get the cash equivalent? #WheelofFortune
70% of the world's CO2 emissions a produced by just 100 companies. Not using plastic bags or cycling more isn't going to do much. We need huge transformations in the way we get our energy. In short, we need a Green New Deal for the world. Pressure your representatives for this.
Sincere condolences to you! Sending lots of Our family fur members are so special, it's a privilege that they let us into their lives. Said goodbye to our 19 year old Cilla 5 years ago, still miss her so much, and chat to her urn all the time!
Here's a little dream scenario for a presidential debate. Warren vs Trump. Trump refuses to debate for some bullshit reason. The debate goes forward. Warren invites 1 or two third party candidates to debate. They jointly endorse #votereform to eliminate the spoiler effect.
Stay strong  they are scared and have nothing so all they do is subpoena ppl!! Lol ! They know they are about to be exposed as the most corrupt ppl in history!! #istandwithgiuliani
♬ You broke my heart when you said we'll part. Ain't that a shame? My tears fell like rain. Ain't that a shame? You're the one to blame. — Fats Domino
sometimes I wish a mf never tell me what the next mf said cus I get to acting real funny
Bro. Kise was handicapped (had an injury) and he still was giving them the works. He a goat fr
Yeah maybe but I thought it signficant to see an ad like that in the South. Also telling that its during an event that appeals to young men. The military runs ads during EPL for same reason.
Listening to Joe Jackson's "Beat Crazy" and marvelling at the wonder that is Graham Maby's bass playing. He's a master of his instrument. When I last saw JJ live, GM was playing a small 5 string bass. Very much a lead bass player.
I'm saying only that you do have counterplay for a rengar. Even if you don't have a utility like his ultimate, you can avoid his kit. You just need to be careful, playing with the safe build and so on.
Our ruling class are corrupted by pay-to-play globalism. Why do they think Biden/Hunter China and Ukraine deals are cute? Because they all aim for or are doing the same thing. We are owned! But it does not have to be. Now is the time. Focus on these truths. Don't be distracted.
For my patience and my sanity because this year the devil has test me in so many ways. Thank God for family support and social media for entertainment.
But be honest with yourself. Do you really think elite athletes in high profile programs are being paid in some way? The only thing this would change is whether they could be kicked out of school for it
Here lies Chelsea. She was like that in the tea party. XD
Either work and put in the time to help Ss be their best or get the hell out of the way for others that will put in the effort to show them you will go the extra mile to be better. #miched #mschat #edchat
Is sorta good, I tried to bring about peace and apologized for my part on the fight, so yay growth!
Oh, he’s 100% a great addition. It’s just weird seeing him in that jersey. I was really hoping the Falcons would make a move for him. He’s awesome.
I tend to mostly ignore the promises anyway-it’s the historic record that tells what’s most likely to happen in reality world.
The guy I introduce to my dad will be the luckiest man on this planet.
I understand the friendship thingggg......BUT how women could share hair?
Im mainly talking about teams like charlotte and thise like fcs type of teams there are plenty of options like the SEC or maybe like the big 10 just nothing like the sun belt conference or shit like that
well when they let “artists” like Cardi win over the talented
Bob The Drag Queen because she is fucking hilarious.
4/ The lawyer previously engaged and retained by the court to act on behalf of the women has been described as a “prominent politician”.
Even the closes to you can’t be trusted cause it eventually gets thrown up in your face
The #Trump stuff unraveling is like a snake eating itself. RU collusion leads to #Mueller, which leads to #Barr investigating mueller using collusion, which in part leads to the whistleblower, who’s now being sought in a very “witness intimidationy” way, causing #impeachment...
Your kind is done. Enjoy the show. All of us are in a dopamine haze of pleasure witnessing your demise. Goodbye.
I like the use of the Ben Cooper mask on the Hulk cover.
Right, but there are two percentages. While yes it would be ideal for the creator to get the most possible, I'm suggesting they lose the payment processor for creators that want to support creators, they could still take their own 5%
Live footage of Americans today. And no one is watching the left hand. The stories that matter are not reported and we will all pay the price.
There fucking stressful && literally want you to not fuck with nobody but them , while they can fuck with the whole world
Never let the facts get in the way of a good sounding argument: https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/thomas-jefferson-gun-quote/ …
Dvdhehw I’m watching The Hills and white women are so dramatic when they re-tell a story. Literally the person will be speaking calmly but when they retell the story the person magically becomes super aggressive and mean.
Missing two of the crew, but MKB sure did bless me with the best! #mkbspringcreek2019
JOIN THE CAMPAIGN! Brandon Straka and the #WalkAway Movement Call on Trump to Release His Own #WalkAway Testimony (VIDEO) https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2019/09/join-the-campaign-brandon-straka-and-the-walkaway-movement-call-on-trump-to-release-his-own-walkaway-testimony-video/ … via
The church welcomes it's newest members:  and  May the sea you sail be a foamy ale. May your rivers flow with the spirit. And your lakes be filled with wine.
It doesn't finish and ends kinda dumb but the ride is worth it
So all those roles you normally assign female characters. Aside from the natural charm/charisma. It's not really something new.
Can you solve the Mystery OREO? Guess the flavor for a chance to win $50,000! #MysteryOREO #OREO #Sweepstakes No Purch Req.https://hwld.co/CcRSVP
I am lost in the world of imagination, Trying to find my balance on the anthill of savannah. Freedom cloaked in servitude,problem in disguise. I wished we were never freed yet, I wished the colonial masters didn't give us the so-called freedom. Democracy metamorphosed into a C-De
Nevermind it looks like they stopped doing it. Must be all the lawsuits and investigations. Good news !
They're talking about the President of the United States, like he's a small child on the jungle gym all by himself. Very reassuring.
Remember in your September predictions when you said Pete Alonso wouldn’t get 50 Dingers! Thanks for the motivation!
"Yeah for a death goddess Ereshy is a nice cutie patutie- The other one is just egh... They have your jewel obsession though!"
New Patreon policy: To give my supporters SOMETHING that is entirely exclusive I will be posting my wips on there only. I've bately done it before anyway so I hope you're not too mad at me for locking them behind a paywall. 'sides, youll still get to see the finished piece.
Potato fritters (or spiders in my family) are made of grated potato, an egg, a touch of flour, and shallow fried. These are at the very top of my food chain, and would make a grown man weep with their deliciousness.
Donald, I wish we could go back in time and impeach every liberal president!!!! Would only be fair for the man that receives the most hate than any individual in American history!!!!
Left Wilton Manors 2 years ago and moved to my ranch n Okeechobee. Love it 30 min to St Lucie and PSL. Praying to St Joseph you find the right place
I love it when she stans her own songs. I mean...the taste
Great catching up with the legend  High Hampton is going to be so good when he’s done. Can’t wait to play when it opens!
Who’s the Hank Williams Jr looking dude? “ARE YA READY FOR SOME PHRENOLOGYYYYYYYY?”
電車遅延の影響で何故か一本早い車両に乗る乗り継ぎの不思議 清々しい感じでTTD Somehow I can get on one train earlier despite the delay of the train TTD listening with a refreshing feeling #状況開始 #statusstart #bgm #掘り起しcd #oldcd ##wildcard #sanandamaitreyaakaterencetrentdarby
I feel you but that’s what it’s based on not all the characters are into play yet
Shout Out to  Multi  for not just this one, but how HJ is going so far. Bunge was a few centimeters above her lifetime best. Which is a testament to her hard work in the weightroom this…
I got really excited about a Kusama snow globe existing in the world, and then I found out it was $180. Maybe I’ll stick with my pictures and refrigerator magnet...
rewatched the first two planet with episodes and then two more, and it's really fun? i really like the conflicts presented so far...
1,115 people surely speak for the rest of the country lol...show me a poll with at least 150mil+ registered voters...lemme know when you find one first, then find me one at 47%
i'm sorry she doesn't look black ??? First pic is a tan. Darker but it goes toward the original skintone. Now do tell me if
Move forward. She seems way to content to play long rallies which, IMO, isn't the right way for her to play.
Great beat but I consider dreams and nightmares by Meek the best switch up
And after those fouls he got straight up unlike some of the visiting flanges
Happy Birthday my love! I wish you all the best. I wish you receive much love, joy and success! You are an amazing human being. Thank you for being who you are. I love you
its canon that jake harley is 90something and still has hair so that makes the 'bro is bald/balding' joke in his 30s even fucking funnier
It's politics for the common man with a little twist into pop culture and entertainment. It's the #Rotunda with your host  http://www.990wbob.com/wbob-radio.html
I just counted the number of calories I need to burn after binge eating and not moving for the last three days
Happy Monday! Here are the current totals in the voting for our  Game of the Week.       https://www.ksn.com/sports/fff/game-of-the-week/vote-for-the-2019-week-5-game-of-the-week/ …
bro the montage at the end of 2:08 is so badass i love it
Hello, I came late and still catching up huhu but thank you so much! Yes I will , thanks for the warm welcome
We apologize for your experience and appreciate your feedback. Please email marketing.com with your contact info along with the location you visited. Thank you!
Thanks for the shine  There is some seriously good listening in that list you have there, proud to have been included!
The level of sweat from my workout today....ugh. Can fall truly arrive?
.  pretty cool! I usually do the tech & audio for this show but I’m not working Oct 5th so I’ll miss
Q: " #Homelessness is a huge issue, especially here in #Ldnont. 30% of the population is indigenous and there are a number of factors contributing to this – what are you doing to do about it?" #ldndebates #cdnpoli
Thats really nice. Unfortunately, I have to pick up the French for Buffon. Otherwise I could still use good XP. Thats my first complete f2p season. And my team (i hate Bayern!! but... chemistry)
What a pussy lol. Everybody knows if you haven’t skunked them and you’re up by 2 scores you go for it and rub the salt in the wounds
What a epic Birthday weekend for me Thank to everyone who took the time to wish me a happy birthday. Thank you to everyone who came to celebrate with me. And thank you to everyone for gifts and money …
Yay Thank you all who participated in the rescue efforts !
We're grateful for the words of Wendell Moss, a member of The Allender Center Teaching staff, who shared with us the implications of not engaging collective trauma. https://theallendercenter.org/2019/09/collective-trauma/ …
8 months already? Wow, as time goes by fast... My beautiful Shay being a mom for the third time: · Mother's Day - You acted as stepmother, almost mother · PLL - Ali's wife and mother of Lily and Grace · Now - In real life you're pregnant !!!! Exciting!!!
And I'll be honest, I don't think British people like America either. I'm surprised The US and the Empire didn't fight a war in the 20th century.
Lmao, in that case she just probably used to the help looking a certain way from her child hood smh
It's not about being the best, it's about being better than you were yesterday
You might find it interesting that the phrase has been around a long time...but I don't see it used much
i relate with uzui because i too would tell my significant others to value their own lives and the lives of other people before mine
Neuroscientists have described many branches of neuroscience, but most of them are related to clinical significance. But I have classified only seven branches of neuroscience considering the importance of academic perspectives for the school of knowledge transfer. #learnography
 #911Fox Ok, I feel like the phrase, "You're going to need a bigger boat." applies but doesn't, but I keep thinking it.
Get help Kevin. Get help. Pissed at the world isn’t the way to go thru life.
the black shirt cult smashing up TVB vans doesn't seem very democratic or open to free press or opinion at all. my starbucks all smashed up here this morning.
To all the misinformed and ignorant people here on Twitter - Be careful what you wish for. We’ve seen all the Dem candidates out there and it’s downright scary. That’s who you want in office? I sure hope none of you clowns have a 401k !!
TTCM, strong movement day for tomorrow, lots of eyes here, big volume days coming in https://www.accesswire.com/561482/Tautachrome-OTC-TTCM-Announces-1-Mass-Deployment-of-35-Million-Business-ARks-Inside-the-ARknet-Augmented-Reality-Platform-and-2-Public-ARk-Publishing-for-Users …. The New Snap Chat
Thia has to be the dumbest shit a Patriots fan has ever posted! Damn good franchise, but some of the fan base like this guy. Is laughable.
Yep, Boyd is such an effortless mover. Covered him in high school and he just glided across the field
Maitliss was like a cat pawing at the mouse it had cornered, enjoying the uneven tussle but deciding that was enough fun. It made her appear "impartial". She saves the mouse kills for when she has a Labour MP in front of her.
MAGA.... Trust us Amercans . The truth will set us all free! I am a Democrat who is just a American who loves our country as all Republicans. I am tired of all the games.
I was like, "I'm sorry but what your claiming about the papacy is historically, demonstrably false." Their basic response was
so I just found out meg only 5’10 .. I’m 5’9 .. this what I look like to the public then ?? :/
Yeah, because the lack of immigration laws worked so well for the Native Americans. (That is sarcasm)
If our Attorney General Barr has been holding private meetings overseas with foreign intelligence officials to get help to discredit the conclusion of the United States intelligence agencies’ investigation of Russian interference in our 2016 election, he is a treasonous traitor!
//SHIT// so why dont you come over to my super star destroyer and hang out, oh and one thing. You can get Optardis Prime back when you get there. *boba's ship sped off eoth the tardis in the hold*
ROFL ROFL ROFL..BUTT HURT MUCH that the polls are wrong, lol. Do you know how and what the polls are based on? How they are prepared, who prepares them? What questions they ask..who they ask/
CAUTION: There will be a reoccurring issue of being unable to choose which Gourmet Apple to purchase since they're ALL THAT DELICIOUS! Raise money for your group with The 40% Profit Gourmet Apple Fundraiser! #fundraiser #fundraisers #fundraising #pta #youthsports
 going to be very hard to get this champion out during the BBL like yourself because you two are very excellent with the bat both can play lovely cricket shots.
I’ve got #Nationals winning the #NLWildCard on TBS.
#ComicBooks #Superheroes #Batman  brings up a really good point about timeline. If we're introducing #Nightwing (Robin?) and #Batgirl, and Battinson is 32 years old, how are we going to deal with age ranges and progressions of the character arcs? And...Oracle?
Agree that being placed on leave is definitely news. What led to that has been blown out of proportion. He’s done a great job so far. Would be great for the N&O to do the story on how he’s endeared himself to students and alumni and has steered the ship during a time of turmoil.
Cheer up! If you believe you're walking in the right path, show to your parents that your dream isn't that bad. Create many achievement and make them impressed! Only you that know how far you can do it!
I’m staying off Twitter that night unless Candice wins the title
It is clear that the Trump administration is working hard to dismantle the United States Intelligence Community. Russia, I am sure, would love that.
Deaundra said the girl head look like the Q from Qdoba
Will there be a backlash against the Democrats’ overreaching? Sure, but only among Trump loyalists. The question is how news of impeachment impacts 1) swing voters, and 2) turnout.
When you have allotted yourself one day to write a feature story and its 4:55 and your strongest transition is just an all-caps OKAY HERE'S WHY THAT IS THAT WAY in the middle of your 1/3-finished draft.
I'm so lucky I get to observe in a fun, hands-on learning environment! Look at this awesome example of the landform models made by the 2nd grade class with a paper plate and modeling clay for their science unit! #Preservice #ElementaryEducationMajor #ScienceUnit
Another reason Lutherans don’t belong in a Catholic Church: I had a bottle of coffee in my bag; said bag tipped over during mass; my bottle has been missing ever since I left mass I hope she’s havin a holy time chillin under the pew
Hashtag crossed my feed s few times this morning and i responded before i better understood the context.
Could be. Now he’s gotta buy psplus like the rest of us.
TRUE LOVE & LOYAL FRIENDS ARE TWO OF THE HARDEST THINGS TO FIND Rise & shine rakyat
Happens to the best artists. It’s gonna pass. We love you!
‘It’s stealing their money’: Bill Kelty slams government’s ‘terrible’ push for voluntary super - The New Daily https://thenewdaily.com.au/news/national/2019/09/30/bill-kelty-morrison-government-voluntary-super/ …
  I love how Ken uses science to make his point but still reads a book which says some old guy sitting on a cloud made the earth and everything in it in 7 days.
Health practitioners could object to certain procedures because they clash with their personal religious views. But they could also object to treating certain kinds of patients (single mothers, LGBTIQ people and their children) on the basis of religious belief. /4
what does that have to do with the fact that he’s an asshole so he would probably not give two shits about a tiny puppy
They sought to unite Catholics, Protestants and Dissenters under the common name of Irishman. Indeed, they proved very effective in doing so.
Okita Alter  The best and most attractive version of her in my eyes. She's kina between 3 and 4 for me.
Maybe this is when #potus actually learns the meaning of the word consent?
Sorry for the long thread but felt like it deserved it x
It’s the truth the song doesn’t make sense the last two songs was
The California law doesn’t allow schools to pay players, Mickey. It just allows players to make money off advertising or selling memorabilia. Things we already let amateur athletes in Olympic events do.
Buuuut sometimes it's necessary. My daughter got her vaccines for gastro and her poop is contagious so if we don't use antibacterial soap, that bacteria could infect us, her parents. And it's hard 2 take care of a 4month old when you're running 2 the toilet... she's fine btw. Lol
ok, I was super excited but call me slow... I can't find any of the sustainable info/ratings in existing reviews or in reviews I can write. how am I missing this great feature?
thanks to a really good friend I am going away in mid October to an herbal conference in the mountains that first facilitated my deep love of nature. this will be the first time I've been alone for more than 24 hours in just about 5 years.
True except the Intelligences spied on the President for Obana etc., See #Spygste
#TellurideHorrorShow memories Year 3: the year I missed The Battery but I did when a Game of Werewolves comic book in Spanish for answering a trivia question. Good times people!
Everyone would love to have the whole squad healthy every game but guess what?? It’s nfl football. And usually comes down to who is healthiest at the end
From the party that is doing lifetime appointments to the supreme court without a supermajority to prevent the minority party from having input.
A rivalry doesn't survive without respect. It's not a rivalry if the other team is always bad, we'd have nothing to fight against. Thanks for your part in giving us something worthy of hating. Much respect. This is the nicest thing I'll ever say about the black and orange team.
I studied Industrial Design in UST way back in the 90s, and one of our design projects was to re-design or modernize the Jeepney. To keep its aesthetics, its unique "Filipino" flair and make it pass International Automotive Safety Standards is a monumental task.
God's Gift To You Today - The smallest family will become a thousand people, and the tiniest group will become a mighty nation. At the right time, I, the Lord, will make it happen.” Isaiah 60:22
Honestly I believe if we get that Mitch fumble we win the game
The House plays the role of prosecutor. The Senate is analogous to the jury.
Fred Hammond - I Will Find A Way VIBES-LIVE JAZZ AND BLUES LISTEN LIVE ://mytuner-radio.com/radio/vibes-live-jazz-and-blues-466380/ … Thanks for keeping the Vibes-Live! THANKS FOR KEEPING THE VIBES-LIVE
i will do any amount of non-completing help free of chease .-. i’d say try to narrow down your major options beforehand because not all majors are gonna require the same intro level generic classes but lmk what you decide!
decorated my work station all cutesy for the holidays, I’m not usually this festive but it’s freakin mini bat lights i luv halloween
listen to me. listen. *brings you closer* you gotta toast the poptart until the edges look like theyre about to burn
The Pokémon I hatched today btw the Alolan Diglett is from Aoizn Gift from the Pokémon center in Japan thank you Aoizn for the Alolan Diglett if you somehow see this , Georgia
OMG I love Lungile I actually watch the show just to laugh at his comments. #MTVlasizwe
Been watching a lot of Star Trek recently, including some of the films. Curious to know what your favourite Star Trek movie is. Mine is Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country
Please DM us the booking details for all the concerns. We will get this checked and assist you accordingly.
A the thought mi g. Blessings pon the earthstrong uzimme
It’s just a perspective of different woman and their politics - who all happen to be white - and how they want to go about getting rid of the person in the White House. It equals the same goal in the end.
More lies & gaslighting. Follow the facts and the money. Relieved to hear that  doesn't think it's #WitchHunt. Cracks are forming. Not all Republicans want to throw away their integrity or the Constitution. Your party is in trouble. #CountryOverParty #GOPTraitors
This is so great, Angie! Sending the very best vibes your way for continued strength and perseverance.
On a mission to get my life in order. Starting with the 7k pics saved in my camera roll. Deleting numbers after
"First off its called Joker 2019 amd it's gonna be the voice of a generation"
I checked on the family member I’m staying with. She’s sound asleep without dinner. Guess who will be wide awake when it’s really bedtime. Lol. It’s ok. Life just is. We do our best.
The Federal Government used incorrect rainfall data to give a million-dollar drought grant to a Victorian council that didn't need it. #9Newshttps://www.9news.com.au/national/weather-australia-drought-water-management-david-littleproud-investigates-funding/f43d6ee3-60b7-44e2-8c67-68c62c9583c3?ocid=Social-9NewsGC …
I think I experienced love so me pushing myself to find something like the above makes me stressful and afraid bc I didn’t force myself into these feelings before they just came from first sight & that can keep me awake & Most probably will delete this 1st thing in the morning
If you buy Downer as an agent for the left you are too far gone for reason. Enjoy the wrong side of history.
Finished up the golf season today by inviting the girls team and  to do a little scramble. Needless to say we had a lot of fun if you can’t tell by  pose!! Of course the good guys won aka my team!! #scramblechamps
You Wanna Be On Top??? WASSUP N ATL: PRIDE WEEKEND OCTOBER 10th - 14th Host Hotel: Holiday Inn Express Atlanta Buckhead is offering a promotion rate $97 a night click the link to book your room…
Got a new poll! The four songs I posted on my birthday which on was your favorite? Go to https://soundation.com/user/dj-storm if you haven’t listen to them!
"For I desire steadfast love (Or mercy) and not sacrifice, the knowledge of God rather than burnt offerings." Hosea 6:6; Psalm 10:14 "Father of the fatherless and protector of widows is God in his holy habitation." Psalm 68:5; Psalm 27:10; Psalm 10:14; Deut. 10:18; Isa. 49:15-16
Honestly....good luck. I like eventually stopped trying bc I was like bro I have other friends who actually give me the time of day without me begging for it
When are Republicans going to stand up and allow decency come back to the party. The way I see it right now they represent ignorance of decency and. Constitution law. They sound ignorant when they allow Jordan and Trumps other dummies to speak.
The Valley of Temples is truly a magical place in #sicily #italy Join me!!! . . . . . . . . . . #fantastic #nationalgeographic #nature_perfection #photos #exploringtheglobe #amazingtrips #bestvacations…
So, will you be the first to apologize to the President when the truth comes out and nothing happens to President Trump other than his re-election?
Kick off summer w/a visit to Starved Rock Country for the Ottawa 2 Rivers Wine Fest. Indulge in FRESH lobster, sample GREAT wines & listen to LIVE jazz! June 7-9, 2019 in Ottawa, IL More info: http://www.amroad.net/OttawaSqBnr
     Enjoy the relief while i melt in the south, remember me
I had to pause and thank God for the day. What an incredible one it is. So much beauty. So much appreciation for the things that cannot be bought.
Everyone has the right to quality healthcare that makes you feel supported, safe, and comfortable. #FreedomFromDiscrimination /2
She does still run. We decided to split the lists in half so we didn't both end up this way. This hasn't happened to any of us in quite a while. PRU has grown to large for a single person to run which is a good thing! Me being SB sucks.
#NowPlaying Rob McKee - The Goodness and Severity of God :: Tune In: http://www.revivalradio.net
Ok write your name on a piece of paper and show it next to the gift card
1) Poulsen - Can see him ripping it up, Absalonsen season areas 2) Pierias - Will get opportunity he didn’t really get at City 3) Ok on-field, slowly building off the field
There comes a time where even the strongest of structures can be brought down by a slight wind. When  decided to get clever and "translate"  words he GAVE him ammunition. He BECAME said wind. #impeachment #mondaythoughts
She sucks in the beginning but becomes a beast in the end! I went heavy on melle and it’s awesome I just run around punching people and making them explode
That would be cool. I'd also love to see him to one on the history of television in the U.S.
WGRZ and  have agreed to a temporary extension to keep our station on the air as negotiations continue on a new agreement.
Joe Biden Calls Trump Supporters the “Dregs of Society” https://www.lifenews.com/2018/09/17/joe-biden-calls-trump-supporters-the-dregs-of-society/#.XZKWeAA5lKQ.twitter …
Make sure the baby daddy real dark. My baby cane out caramel asf.
DAY 1 GOAL: Meeting writer’s needs through meaningful differentiated instruction during conferences and small groups. MAKING IT WORK: Having the structure and routines & it wouldn’t be possible without my PLC and coach support. #RockwoodWrites #TCRWP
anyone wanna have a 2 n a half hour movie date one night aka rewatch love at the tip of the tongue w me
That has been objectively proven to be false. Explain how that is a comparable comparison to the situation at hand.
Always the cut Love me some ⁦ ⁩ #Brandy #Angelhttps://music.apple.com/us/album/angel-in-disguise/20913004?i=20913022 …
Yeonwoo: Lee Da Bin (이다 빈) -Nació: 1/08/96 (23 Años) -Lugar: Seúl Corea del Sur -Posición: Vocalista, Bailarina, Visual y Rapera -Altura: 1,70 -Peso: 49 KG -Sangre tipo B -Signo Zodiacal: Leo -En 2018 debuto como actriz en el drama "The Great Seducer"
Yeah yeah yeah...we all have heard the rehearsed story a million times. Weak minded dummies yelling “triggered” when presented with the truth. Amazing that you guys are the ones screaming “fake news” You wouldn’t know what truth is if it grabbed you by the
I also can't tell the difference between the party that hangs out with Faith Goldy and Ezra Levant and the Yellow Vests and refuses to attend Pride parades, and whoever that other party is. I can't even remember because they're so samey! I can haz job now CBC?!
i have to review for our quizzes now, i need to ger ready at 9, i have to go to the mall at 10, after going to mall i need to go to the public market to find costumes for our folk dance, lastly i need to go to school at 1 and my classes will end at 6:30,,
I suppose it's a naturalistic fallacy that natural gender roles are better because they're natural. but what's the proof they're not? Pur children grow up at home, arent developing. Perhaps this really is the end.
2) Wizards and [WAR]locks. Fight with these best, die like the rest. Guardians of intelligence. Snow White OFFLINE. HAVE A NICE DAY. Good always wins over evil. #GodWins
Heyoooo Going live right now with the FL4K attack! Come hang and join in the fun on PC! http://Twitch.tv/dankstertv #VaultHunterNetwork #Borderlands3
CIWSI have a picture of my husband inside that weapon from about 20 years ago. He’s striped like a zebra from all the grease!
just tested this on live servers and apparently the model update made it so if male goblins wear certain low-waisted pants you get cheek city???
Me, standing in the kitchen literally chugging honey straight from the bottle: I’M NOT GETTING SICK BEFORE CHOCOBRO CAMPING DAMMIT
My bank the truth every other time I check my account I have a lil surprise
my friends gone be soo mad when i tell them i aint going to the fair
Still time to register for the first Wet Networks to be held in Scotland on 2/10. A great chance to hear from excellent water-innovation presenters and network! Wet Networks - Glasgow | Future-proofing our Water Assets" https://www.eventbrite.co.uk/e/wet-networks-glasgow-future-proofing-our-water-assets-tickets-71349874395?utm-medium=discovery&utm-campaign=social&utm-content=attendeeshare&aff=estw&utm-source=tw&utm-term=listing …
Wdym u remembered playing w him he just said a name prob putting the two clowns together realizing it’s just u
Well it’s to the left then cuz I only got room for one Deity in my life
They are going to have to drag him forcibly from the Oval Office and I'm OK with this.
 1934 Hispano-Suiza HS26 all-weather roadster Felber The Hispano-Suiza HS26, known as the "Junior", owes this nickname to its smaller dimensions compared with its magnificent elder sister the 32CV. This model dates back to 1930, whe...Read More:https://www.facebook.com/gisela.daeschle/photos/ms.c.eJxFz9sNBDEIA8COTpg3~;Td2CmzI78iAgVggMwKAUdoPH5iqpjJ9UNBOaN5EVkPIS5wRSVxg74T4g4hEEF~;QOOBvRGXg9ihDQ8TCNKVNOA9sUz9ntWrPBg9sYp6T91xOIh9Ywzt7nj2wTWuaytejiKgTzguzw2KhegR1AfMcNoE6xTj8D96xUp4~-.bps.a.1357188694448426/1357188771115085/?type=3&theater …
Got to show the many reasons why a free to use e-card invite is security risk to everyone and why we won't be adding them to any exceptions lists.
I really loved this movie. The music gave me the feel of when I was in high school, but I agree.
So much overthinking lol I went back and forth like 5 times from 12:40 to 1. Really the only reason I did it was because the game was at 4 and I couldn't find a decent late game emergency plan
“And She planted simple galaxies and spiral galaxies. Next we’re gas clouds that were big as galaxies, and nebulas that were awe-inspiring.” Take a trip with the Goddess as She creates a universe that is full of art, gardens, and real love. Link in bio.
Moral of the story is let the facts play out before jumping on the bandwagon.
The combination of the old one with the hoe thing . Pas gue cek followingnya kenapa ada yang gue mute gue tap lah orang orang yang gue blacklist haha. Tapi dianya ga perlu di blacklist cm tmn tmnya aja. Wkwk
 See the Bungie EU store is not worth raiding. Or maybe has been raided.Hope SK is not was bad.
You have done so much more than that.... I want you as President of America... and so does the majority of Americans... just saying
He’s a FRESHMAN who just moved up to Varsity starting at safety. Multiple Tackles, and most importantly had the game winning int against Roosevelt! So now just fuckin vote. I’m not asking you to vote for a Tranx player now
This past weekend I spoke with people at the Harrisonburg International Festival, tried some holy Filipino food, and recorded some very energetic music and dancing for ⁦ ⁩. https://www.wmra.org/#stream/0
She should be expelled! MSM so eager to report... Where are the apologies Lester Holt?
vi esta foto y me acorde de wyb cuando dice “ i remember the roses on your shirt when you told me this would never work” puta k sad
Never been the type to switch up on anyone always been loyal and REALER THAN REAL!
I want to be surprised that a consensual (if taboo & extremely sad) adult sexual encounter was considered the most controversial part, but here we are. It's a VERY heavy story, & really the only thing the twins have real agency in is the sex. It's harder to grapple w/ the rest.
Yea, ⁦ ⁩ havin’ a BIG time after they rolled 36-0! Senior DT Jayden Wilson leadin’ his guys. ⁦ ⁩ Check out #HotPlays, Game Film, load ur highlights, get ur #PlayerCards on the new, free ⁦ ⁩ App. Build ur Brand! #Lehman!
"i really need to save money" i say as i purchase $12.57 worth of food for the 3rd time today for the 9th day this week
part of the reason I am a nurse is because I enjoy stabbing people with sharp objects #nurselife #iwillstabyou
"Embrace the unbound madness of your wildest dreams..." NEW ISSUE! Read original genre fiction and more in The Nightly Chill. Now on http://PulpBusters.com , or sub for FREE to never miss an issue. #writing #WritingCommunity #horror #comedy #scifi https://thenightlychill.substack.com
What's it's supposed to be like in Niagra Thursday through the weekend? Heading up to your shores for my Birthday!
If I feel like I underserved the podcast I don't listen to the episode. That can change over time. For non-guest stuff I also listen as a kind of final quality check, even though it's already out in the world.
I entered the $5,000 Discover Student Loans Scholarship Award #sweepstakes for college. Enter today for a chance to win! I can get a bonus entry when you sign up. No purchase or loan necessary.
...Since it was MY dream, I was thinking that maybe stuff that happened to YOU would carry over into the real world?
You know the Democrats soiled their diapers when the president immediately release that conversation, they had no idea that he would do that. An innocent person has nothing to hide
oh dimitri please spare us —i think it’ll be attached since i asked for a double layer of the blue and fur, it’ll probably flop around otherwise they already tied it randomly to his front i’m like pls stop—
I had a hard choice leaving them off but 1. They aren’t national and 2. They’re by default the top choice. This is for second place
We need living wages to move millions forward in an economy under the threat of artificial intelligence. Every kiosk you see to order food, pay for groceries EZ-Pass toll on the road, or conduct your banking were human job opportunities. Robots dont collect checks. #GapWillGrow
Thanks . UV is not heat. In Perth this week, it will be a cool 23 deg, but the UV will be reaching 7.
2/ 1 Corinthians 1:25, Because the foolishness of God is wiser than men, and the weakness of God is stronger than men.
The last even the best things on the comments who are the debate is a total losers and the worst the biggest that is the world is a complete to see the trump and more than ever make america great again!
Blowjob vs treason vs leaving your dying wife. I’m going to order those in order of horrificness. Guess where you land? (Hint: you’re not the most horrific but you’re not the least).
Cant wait until saturday to see yous I just so love the show
Could the United States survive another #CivilWar ?
Berserker would nod, understanding and actually being glad that it was patroling... Since he desired to wander around in the search of a good fight, though lately.. There have been nothing that could compare to a fight. "...yes.. We..." He looked away, even turning his whole_
What an honour to have The Right Honourable Russel Mirasty the Lieutenant Governor of Saskatchewan at  today, the same time as Orange Shirt Day. #OrangeShirtDay2019
Shana tova Diego. Bring a grand slam trophy this next year. Show the world u can!
Enter to win DC's Legends of Tomorrow: The Complete Fourth Season on Blu-ray and Digital from ! #contesthttp://fandomania.com/contest-win-dcs-legends-of-tomorrow-the-complete-fourth-season-on-blu-ray-and-digital/ …
on because, i’ll read the message and still not reply. i want them to know i didn’t care enough to text back
Put a candle on top of my fridge to keep it away from the cats. Completely forgot I put it up there and well soon enough I opened the freezer ans glass and wax flew everywhere.
The only thing that would make me say yes is pence go with and Nancy Pelosi take the helm
Me and my bf barely lasted 8 minutes in before we quickly shut it off and cringed into the next dimension. Save yourself
ALERT All units escort the senior citizen to Facebook
I may need the man bun to cover this empty spot on top lol.
DIRECT MAIL STILL REIGNS! Read the powerful statistics published in the September issue of Mail Spoken Hear. Click the images below to read on: •Direct Mail Statistics That Will Have You Running to the Post Office •General Direct Mail Marketing Statistics
My guess is for all the shilling ya do for them the phone was free? But no matter what, SO MUCH better than crapple
ikr its tomato resin when i wash my hands i turn the whole sink bright green
Should those great figures who yield great accomplishments in service of the human race not deserve to be put on a pedestal? Not even a little? Of course they do, lol. This is already mainstream opinion, but never when the person in question is real, alive and in front of you.
God keeps an army of angels around President Trump to protect him 24/7:  (the President’s Interagency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons) https://www.justice.gov/opa/speech/deputy-attorney-general-rod-j-rosenstein-delivers-remarks-president-s-interagency-task …
Growing up in the mid-late 2000s as a kid, Ive had little time to explore and dive into the world of #Shenmue . This game has always held a special place in my heart, and I'm glad that as of 2019, I've gotten a chance to fulfill this missing journey.
At least I can enjoy career mode whilst the servers are bugging. Oh wait, no I can’t. Great times...
Collaborating with the cool kids tonight made my day.Thanks #engsschat #sschat
Then it began to fade away bc we stopped communicating.. then my best friend came .. and the feeling was not as strong as previously.. but I knew I loved her .. she used to stroke my hair when I was stressed in college to calm me :) I would also do anything for her
Hypothetically, join my "Culture Of Progress And True Happiness" Club. All You Have To Do Is Be A Persistent ACTION TAKER! Simple As That. BE UNSTOPPABLE! ACTION IS: "THE POWER" ACTION IS: HAPPINESS
The Monkees / The Best Of The Monkees / Goin' Down / Diane Hilderbrand, Peter Tork, Michael Nesmith, Micky Dolenz And Davy Jones / 2003
the president is not subject to the specific oversight requirements of the ICWPA at all. The CRS report facilitated a false impression that ultimately provided a false impetus for the current impeachment inquiry.
|| Kenny-mun and I should totally do The Fiend VS The Cleaner.
Who’s idea was that anyways?! That’s prob why I don’t like the idea of camping in the first place
Sorry about the spam #YangGang, just trying to get more people interested in the Yang.
it’s happening-like it or not- Putin’s bit&$-im guessing you don’t really care about the gay community.
Trumprettes syndrome [noun] An illness of the brain where a person hears something they don’t like blurts out any combination of the words "Liberals" “Democrats” “the Left” &/or "Hilary Clinton" in an attempt to deflect and divert attention from the subject and/or truth
Made spaghetti (the only thing I can cook) for the girls and watched This is Us it’s always nice having them over
Marvel video highlights the villainous alien Skrulls in 'Captain Marvel' http://bit.ly/2oLxdFy
He can line up anywhere. In the middle, left or right. He can get triple teamed and the others like Hicks can eat!!
That said, drop her a 5 spot and help shut the media up https://give.kamalaharris.org/onlineactions/4TuMnaE_P02IlLzm-zA3Wg2?attr=101203710 …
The NFL may be hurting in the long run, but I think the NFLPA is taking a good look at the direction they've taken. The players have been demanding a lot for years. First, they want to take a stand for the whole thing, now they want to do so.
If they ever say you won't make it, if you won't succeed in life, if you ever hear the phrase, you can't do that, use this as motivation. The difference in 2 years of hard work and dedication has changed this setup into something amazing. I owe everything to the big man upstairs.
I love it. And the best thing is that now there's one more Portuguese ttrpg designer! Check this out
 TIL Quinnipiac Poll had ONLY about 34% believe the House Impeachment Inquiry is based on "The Facts," while 56% believe it IS based on POLITICS. I am tweeting this to you, because I want you to KNOW that, I AM WISE...and wise enough to know when I HAVE WON!MAGA
im definitely not sitting in my car listening to mcr in the dark
yknow i've never actually been a person who follows what's the hype at a time but i finally decided to try this nature republic aloe vera gel --after more than half a year it was /the/ hype here-- and i was legit surprised.
October is so busy, do I really want to add another thing to the itinerary..
Well everyone keeps forgetting that Special relationship between the two countries.
Blessings to you all If I can over come the hardship of this year ! Trust !!
Your pictures of the 3 little dudes in a chair is cool! That Mother must have her hands full with that trio.
Those are all pretty sad. I can see why they do what they do now. I really do wish the wrong people wouldn't be attacked though
No. We will thank the public when you are gone. The trash in the White House needs to be taken to the curb.
It’s 2019. Tattoos and piercings have nothing to do with the quality of someone’s work. Some of the best employees and hardest workers I know have both. Look past appearances and look at qualifications.
That's correct, leave things be...especially the innocent children. #Pizzagate
Lol dude I can’t take you seriously anymore. Rashford has more goals playing down the middle and if you think he should be winger then well done...
That would make a couple of them real Hypocrites then wouldn't it all spies I don't know what they are I'm losing touch don't even know if I trust myself thinking anymore but I know I have to stick with my president he's the boss he's my commander-in-chief
Be sure to return the effort & reach out to those who reach out to you. Sometimes the ppl who are willing to check on you are also feeling sad & alone. They understand it, so they make the effort to help others not feel that way, even when they themselves are.
Oh Rudy. What a conundrum. Were you working for Trump personally when contacting foreign officials? Were you working for the State Department? Who paid your travel expenses and billings.? Did you get any security clearances? This is going to be fun.
NEW: While the media focuses on another far-fetched investigation, the Trump Administration keeps on winning. By ://roguereview.net/trump-admin-wins-again-in-scotus/ …
See if anyone is interested in taking the expiring Lowrie deal by including Dom Smith for relief help, tender Panik a contract and re-sign Wheeler and Frazier and you’ve got a squad.
Just played: why did i choose you? - harold ousley - the peopl'es groove(muse records)
Sioni ikijengwa. Vested interests want cable cars so they can keep milking us! That said , the bridge is long long overdue !
Proud of myself for saving money over the past week.. rewards myself with spending money
It was , the most surprising thing is ----- they'd actually admitted their feelings for one another.
I keep hearing there are a lot of subtle things hidden in the film, so now I want to super watch it. Have you seen Ma yet?
The Federal Government used incorrect rainfall data to give a million-dollar drought grant to a Victorian council that didn't need it. #9Newshttps://www.9news.com.au/national/weather-australia-drought-water-management-david-littleproud-investigates-funding/f43d6ee3-60b7-44e2-8c67-68c62c9583c3?ocid=Social-9NewsA …
i've seen them all and corpse bride is the best one x
Three points: A) an AR15 was never a weapon of war. The M16 and its descendants ARE due to being select fire. B) My safe is full of Fudd guns, but I understand that banning ARs is not going to change things statistically, and so next they'll be coming after everything else. ...
Hahaha not a homer pick or anything! Lol they will get knocked off by houston!! Better pitching, and bats to match the bronx bombers!!
Bakery work looked over at me, what was him & the grapes Really don't know & don't care We were both shaking our heads
Pelosi mentioned earlier in the news here, that they’re really hopeful that Texas will soon be in the “blue” (on their side). She’s smokin crack,cause there’s no way Texas will ever go blue. Keep dreaming Pelosi.
If you choose to defend the Republican Party &their beliefs then okay you’re practicing your right to do so. But, if you choose to defend the current president then you’re delusional. what kind of person willingly wants a president like that? He’s violated half of the republican
W O R D S of the B E A R D || welcome the newest member of the Baarden family, “Coffee and Maple Praline”. I can’t wait to see what you think! , Ontario
The list could go on... that one has to be my favorite. Lol
guys does the 5 second rule also apply to lean please reply fast
Thank you for bringing a positive light on the homeless crisis in LA. These are people and that's important! Some have health or mental issues! I love some of the officers in LA because of the difference in how they treat people (sometimes). We are all trying and that's important
How does the original message in such complexity and can be stored.
Some of the awesome shape pictures made by Mrs McDaniels’ K friends!
He added a sentence to the beginning of Trumps recording. What will be done? Nothing!
Have you gotten round to any of the other anime’s I recommended
The show was done really well you have to watch it, the last one is on tonight
 Hello Elon, is Tesla going to be involved with the huge Pueblo steel plant solar project?
Lynsey nothing can separate you from the love of God. Draw close to Him and He will draw close to you! Praying! God has a GREAT plan for your life!
Im not liking the fact that you’re depressed, I’m liking the fact that you’re gonna do something fun to hopefully reduce it (:
whenever someone who wasn't exactly a mainstream star in america dies the chances of some chud saying "who" or "never heard of em" rises up
I am very proud of you! In that case order a take out salad with dressing on the side!!!
Congrats to Ben and all of the youth coaches who were involved!!!! Awesome!!!!!!!!
I agree. I thought it was all about the middle east #auburnworldhistory
Ahh! When you finally get to meet one of the best to ever to do it and your favorite  I am sooooo excited!!! #EVERYTHINGisFINETOUR
*Honey chuckled and purred* "Huh . . . Odd, i've never been called that before . . . No one ever WANTS to date me . . . . But ehh, I'm not usually into fleshy humans and stuff~" *Honey grabbed Jaidens hand and walked off* "I only said that to shut the guy up~"
That’s exactly what the Boy Scouts top officials are hoping for. This change taking place during Obama’s time in office is not coincidence. It was all well planned out.
She's thin, super-femme and beautiful and *loves* to eat and is totally One of the Guys (i.e. Cool Girl from Gone Girl)
there are a bunch of early supporters of impeachment on the democratic side that don’t necessarily agree. a bunch of white people got credit for “leading” over the people of color who *actually* led. But unless it’s Tom Scott, I agree.
Im so sorry for you my dear friend. You will be missed
Last night tidur awal,pagi ni baru dapat tengok mv si chen the song,the vibes i love it #Dear_my_dear #CHEN
I have no pizza cutter or kitchen essentials in my new place yet & had to eat the frozen vegan pizza like a sandwich w my hands lmfao
before class started i thought id ask the girl next to me how she did on her exam and the conversation turned into her saying she thinks cats are cute enough to eat and started laughing hysterically. i QUIT tryna be nice to strangers y'all
   After patch 1.05 if we join a friend neighborhood via invite and not the phone it always changes the build to a different one, happens every time.
The entire executive branch is going down. Thank you, Madame President Pelosi.
I’m actually surprised it’s that high! Given the MOE, it could truly be zero.
     last night's episode of Preacher...no words can explain how much I WISH the show could live on.
Screenwriting Tip #576: If you want to get on the good side of your first filter reader, give all your main characters first names that start with different letters. Makes note-taking so much easier.
The person I am attracted to is like winning the lottery. I’m a minority being trans. I value safety over everything else. I just want to drop off trans and say I’m a woman.
I LOVED this series. Have I love the 90’s on DVD. So entertaining.
IT'S ANOTHER MANIC MONDAY! The year is almost coming to an end. Tomorrow is already October. The end of the month means another new month of meals, goals and fun time planning. . . This October I pledge to myself…
I’m sorry I wish it was better for you Just keep reminding yourself about the end prize. And don’t over work yourself you’re allowed to just relax!
, I have a question. If I play Paper Mario on an emulator, does it act like the n64 version. Like will glitches that crash only n64 version crash on an emulator? Or like, does it depend on the emulator?
I’ve got #Nationals winning the #NLWildCard on TBS.
I don’t want the middle person staring at me when I wake up...
“undoing the will of the voters” ah yes the same voters who literally chose hillary over him in the popular vote
This is like asking the KKK if black people should go away
http://twitch.tv/trainertol Playing more Legend of Zelda: Link's Awakening tonight and talking a bit about the charming Incel that got himself banned from Facebook today - oy! #BanHammer
You called them all sirs and it’s the cutest thing ever
Someone has to spread the good news that we survived.- Edward
Word to the wise, keep an eye on the ppl closest to you
Pull up a chair and kick back!! This will prolly be btr than the Monday night game. Lol
"Oh, like in the family....-?" She'd tilt her head.
//honestly, part of me really likes the concept of a Agamotto that is mischievous. All the very unique mischief she could do.
I've said it before and I'll say it again: I FUCKING LOVE DOOM
Like I said when judgement comes after these people, they're going to want mercy, I speak as a young man of experience, I'm just not into the judging stuff, Only Verdict and God knows if it was ok purpose, but it didn't look like it to me
Some of the most traumatic things I've ever done in the past was to pray for patients before surgery. Because I know prayers are nothing but placebos at best. But the patients believed in them and that's all that mattered.
"But Thomas, one of the twelve, called Didymus, was not with them when Jesus came." ~John 20:24 #Hope #Bible #God
Thanks for the clip. That brought a tear to my eye. What an incredible woman.
Do you have a suggestion for the best towns within 25 miles of #Vanderbilt #UnitedStates? Tell us why below :) https://www.distantias.com/towns-radius-vanderbilt-michigan-united_states.htm …
Lol, this is the NFL. Get a grip, he barely made a gesture. Allen was never knocked out. If Allen wasn’t such a dope on the field, he would be able to read a defense and hit the wide open receivers he had all day running around like an idiot will get you knocked out in the NFL.
She isn't a dumb person, thats why she can't get away with playing dumb on this issue or TYT's Warren hypocrisy issue as a whole. She knows the #Resist crowd is going to circulate this false equivalence bs. TYT can't seem to get out of their Warren bubble.
They are literally the cutest of all time  miss you guys
Welcome into the sunlight. I’ve been there for a month already.
Ok back to the porn x3 Another piece by Laizhen on telegram. Featuring my lovely boyfriend
Wait I just came on twitter and saw this. What in the world in going on please fill me in.
They tryna report her to the police hopefully she get her child taken away smh
They’re my best friends kids and she’s a nurse so she works. I take him to practice and some games. They’re good kids but the parents need therapy
ตกใจหมด....People's Daily, China 人民日报 เจ้าของ คือ Central Committee of the Communist Party of China เกือบไปกุ..ใจหายแว๊บบบบ หลอนกะข้อมูลมากตอนนี้
Trump is entitled to ask the AG to investigate but he can’t tell him to make up the findings.
not to be that bitch but i think if u actually gonna tattoo this pls pay the artist thank u
How many ST:TOS episodes did they do where half the plot is people debating whether the captain needs to be relieved of command? It's getting old. I mean, it is 40 years old, but it's getting old-old.
Bill Barr is getting the truth and the Demos and Deepers are paniking. Good.
The  picked up a “W” in Detroit, but it wasn’t easy.  down the game and the story behind that hook & ladder on the Locker Room Show, on Ch 62 on-air & Ch 10 on cable #KCTV5LR
Who's doing Blogtober? Personally I've never done it but I'm loving the idea of creating a ton of content
This is true, but many of us catch unreal amounts of heat for supporting black fighters. Which furthers the divide in reaction.
Happy for you! Know that I am, even if I can’t understand. I’ll take the pain. Give me the trutg
I can’t sleep .. I keep thinking about whether or not I have ever experienced love .. or being in love with someone ... and I get the heartache feeling bc I keep remembering how I was in love with my teacher .. from head to toe .. I was whipped that I’d do anything for her ..
I’m THRILLED THEY FINALLY ARE BECOMING RESPECTABLE...THE PEOPLE OF CLEVELAND SURE DESERVE IT!!!!!!
I mean, what if #impeachment brings the nation together? What if we collectively agree that we wont tolerate another corrupt, bigoted leader?
...I try; I try really hard To not to say anything to not to shed a tear To not cry on the shoulders Of my best of friends... Read the whole poem on http://findingwhatslostinside.wordpress.com
I’ve got #Nationals winning the #NLWildCard on TBS.
The students had so much fun following a recipe to make apple sauce last week that we decide to add recipes to our apple orchard!! The students measured and used the correct amount of items on the recipe card to create “apple crisp” :)
OMG I'm pumpkin spiced and ready for the sweater weather. Thanks  !
hi everyone - please have ALL the halloween parties this year!!!
 Congrats on your division champion Cardinals. Good luck in the playoffs. Beat the Braves.
Ceballos was poor and has been most of the season to be honest. Willock should have been in there from the start.
I will gladly help you by adding some mentions, here is the example.
Good luck I'm trying to do the same. I'll be here promoting your vids
All smiles after my morning meeting with the super smart . She's one of the many fantastic leaders of cultural institutions that I'm fortunate to be in community with. Thank you, Kemi, for your friendship,…
Joe Madden will Manage the Angels next season The fit is too perfect San Diego is a real long shot and I feel like they would have to over pay to get him
i love i absolutely love alex with the kids from the team it's probably one of my favorite things
Might the easiest way to start to rebuilding our nation. He would have to admit all his wrong doing and should lose his properties. We have to calm his base where they can’t start claiming he was railroaded
We called into New Hampshire today. Then California. The campaign is calling key early states. I invite Bernie supporters to go to http://Berniesanders.com/call and get started. #WithTheseHands
all at once. Money wise, I would order off of the 10x10 site because the 10% discount (didn’t even know they sold their items there)
lala and po's friendship was my first introduction to the concept of strong women supporting other strong women.
Lol you keep commenting. We have heard. God’s brought us this far, and we are just starting. All the best
Hate the guy. He acts like he did nothing wrong. He’s a bigger CFC legend than he is for us. That says all we need to know about fabregas hey
JUST LISTED* 521 RIVERSIDE Drive #104 at $279,900Listing pictures & info: http://bit.ly/2nWOE5q More homes like this: http://bit.ly/2F3Cvkb #ldnont #londonontario #housesforsaleinlondon #houses #realestate #justlisted #londonont #londonon Brokerage: THE REALTY FIRM INC
I actually think the discipline self-evaluates reasonably well on the whole. So in my case, the advice I give early career scholars is aligned fairly well with what I truly believe & practice. I understand other people feel differently.
The greatest game ever played by a NFL running back by James Conner- and i still think I'll lose
Happy new year to the fellows Jews still don’t like the holidazeeeeeeee
Finally found a  willing to honor the  BOGO special.... in Long Beach! One hour away in 405 rush hour traffic. Glad at least one location in SoCal is down.
God I hope so. There were reports at the time he might be giving enemies list to MBS. http://abcstlouis.com/news/nation-world/congressman-claims-kushner-gave-saudi-prince-hit-list-including-missing-wapo-columnist …
Rich people or are you talking about the big business
im late to the party but this is the first thing i listened to after waking up. what a great way to start my day #YesWeShallChen ⁦ ⁩
OK AND SOME OF THE SLICES ARE LIKE INTO BLOOD PLAY OR THEY’RE MASOCHIST OR IDK BUT THEY LOVE BEING DESTINED TO BE THE SLICE OF BREAD USED TO PICK UP BROKEN GLASS SHARDS
How long ago was this. Because sh*t has hit the fan since then
Don't underestimate the value of a wholesome ass-kicking. It humbles you & improves the quality of your character.
I hope the people who gave them the majority see they never had any plans to work on the people's business meaning infracture..prescription drug prices and they need to work on immigration.Millions of dollars that could help homeless and hungry instead going down rabbit holes.
Enjoying the view before saying "I do". Get one step closer to your dream day. Schedule a visit with one of our #FSMexico Wedding Specialists today: 52 30 18 18 #FSWedding .djs
You obviously listened to the stories made up by Shifty Shiff to come to that conclusion. Trump is just calling a spade a spade (or is just calling a politician a politician). Trump does good job exposing corrupt politicians for what they really are.
Thanks for the kind words, Brad! I enjoyed reading your poem
I see Iggy trending and I’m like thinking the Grizzlies finally bought out Andre Iguodala’s contract.
Haha! True! Even the humble kumror tarkari my dida made used to taste heavenly.
EXACTLY THE WAY I DID...DIDN'T READ A SINGLE PAGE WITHOUT A BALL IN MY HAND CHANGING GRIPS.
DQ XI’s difficulty hits a sweet spot. You can grind, but it’s rarely daunting. The whole party levels up together regardless of combat usage & can tag in & out if you need a new strategy on the fly. Dungeons are short and save points are plentiful. Just an ideal post-work game.
A few abbreviations, some made up words for parody.. The left likes parody, that's what this whistle blower thing is about anyway.. You would think they understand it..
Elephant is so sad, but definitely that one. If We Were Vampires is the first one I heard
I'm a certified Link Building and SEO Expert for the last 5 years. I can help you to increase your website Google ranking by creating Good backlink for your website.
well considering the fact that being gay is an attraction go men, being attracted to trans men does not make you own
There are some #reptile #creatures called #sleestaks. Mainly, these creatures were aggressive and sounded like Darth Vader slurping. This piece reminds me of the sleestaks. The show left a huge impact on me. It was low budget but seemed state of the art at the time.
And Staying In Japan Was Better I Believe... Thanks For The Kind Words ^^
It's Monday so we picked our classroom jobs for the week! The electrician, schedule checker, greeter, door closer, trash collector, table cleaner, friend helper, and chair checker are ready to do their jobs! We work together and learn together!
I called my sister and we’re wearing the same shirt LMAO
Q: hi!! i know 10x10 has loveisgiving but i know you’re planning on doing a go for them as well,, but idk if i should wait for the go or just order it along w my 10x10 order ? like idk what would save me the most $A: I think if I was in your spot. I would order everything—
Nancy Pelosi CANT EVEN PUT A SENTENCE TOGETHER. How is this lady going to lead the greatest threat to the US constitution EVER?
He's already watching the VODs and want to show his friends.
You guys will drive me crazy. The only thing I know is that we need to save everything that matters to us.
14 Things To Do In Bermuda If You’re, Like, Not Looking To Just Sit At The Beach https://www.buzzfeed.com/bermuda/things-to-do-in-bermuda-if-youre-like-not-lo …
You’ve got a bone to pick with the bucks style lol. I remember when you said these were trash too
Don’t underestimate the importance of pretend play in child development https://www.childandfamilyblog.com/early-childhood-development/pretend-play/ …
Want to learn more on how you can safely import prescription drugs? Visit the link below! AEI: Personal Medicine Importation https://buff.ly/2oIQIyw via
Our weather team warned you about rain moving into the area, and it has arrived Showers are expected to continue throughout our overnight hours. I’ll see you bright and early on #CBS4ThisMorning Send us your weather photos and videos http://cbs4local.com/chimein
A weekend dedicated to the little kiddos! It's the perfect October time to spend making fun Halloween memories! Who is coming?
 gave out his orange one so guessing that means i can start helping hand it out. i will be streaming on mixer soon, i will tweet the link just hop in chat and message me :)
It's the last day to get 30% off flower from Wisely Organics!
Feedback from the Organization Workshop (happening on Oct 23) "One of the best trainings I have done in a long time." Check out the video (https://buff.ly/2lJcOzH ) & then sign up your team (at this price, why not!?) before we sell out. Register now at https://buff.ly/2nVK8nP .
You're doing a background at all, which is amazing to me as someone who can't draw any sort of background in the first place. Love the coloring and positions of the pokemon- especially Noivern.
Three chances to see the amazing local musicians of The Rock Orchestra at The Grand this season! Don't miss An Evening of INXS, An Evening of Jethro Tull & An Evening of Elton John! Tickets: http://bit.ly/31XfwRI #WilmDE #LiveMusic
I've watched the video of "KOYI KOYI" Remix by  & . Fact is FEFFE BUSSI is the only 2nd BEST Luga Flow Artist after the Legendary GNL. This shud act as a lesson 2 the future young rappers like  &  https://youtu.be/WeGjck-J8lM
Thanks for the news ! I stressed a bit this morning, ok good then !
Indeed. My seminary professors literally laughed anytime someone brought up the concept of a Calvinist Baptist. To them it was glaring oxymoron.
The Federal Government used incorrect rainfall data to give a million-dollar drought grant to a Victorian council that didn't need it. #9Newshttps://www.9news.com.au/national/weather-australia-drought-water-management-david-littleproud-investigates-funding/f43d6ee3-60b7-44e2-8c67-68c62c9583c3?ocid=Social-9News …
I’ve got #Nationals winning the #NLWildCard on TBS.
My hometown has a community Facebook group of 17k members, and the content is great imo.
See them Live. In a club like House of Blues or similar. Packed with several hundred Children of the Fence singing in unison to every song. Best live music experience of my life so far.
 thanks for the follow! If you like ,  or the #HighCouncil then please sub to my #YouTube channel Pop Culture Pb  So you dont miss any of these high council highlights! You will love them!
I CAN WATCH NCT DAILY ON MY SCHOOL LAPTOP LMAO THE DISTRICT DIDNT BLOCK IT
Big 10 got tv money because they had a school within a certain distance of subscribers Rutgers obviously didn’t deserve the invite on their merit
So they should what, see a #chiropractor first to get adjusted and "speed up the process," as you said... Then if that doesn't work, and they don't have a minor self-limiting condition that gets better on its own (or even with "adjustment") THEN go to an MD?
To the most beautiful and the sweetest smile of you Mouni Happiest of birthdaysI hope your day was all you dreamed it would be and brings even more magic to you!! Wishing you a year full of health,…
It's funny that people are made at Barry for the current timeline in the arrowverse when Nora was the one who messed up this time
You may very well be right, I'd like to give most the benefit of the doubt on their own health is all. I know how it feels when people suggest you're lying about that kinda stuff.
I have a Cherokee (non grand) and love the damn thing.
When the establishment favorite Nikki Haley was Ambassador to the U.N. it was endless coverage of the "rising star" "2024 president" Kelly Craft, her successor a Trump loyalist, crickets
Reid proving he knows as much about art as he knows about Defense and running the football.
I just finished Jane the Virgin and cried my eyes out why am I so sentimental
And crazy enough, often over 50% of that is tax, not the ticket fee when you look at the breakdown. I did a 12 Euro roundtrip flight to Copenhagen a few months ago (yeah, even for today, 12 is low), and $7 of it was tax lol.
As you walk the thin line between despair and hope... I wonder what your voices will sound like when you scream~
“WE HAVE NOT RECEIVED OFFICIAL WORD FROM THE PROMOTER THAT THE EVENT HAS BEEN CHANGED” Doesn’t sound to me like it’s cancelled and I’ve received zero cancellation emails. #soundcheck #sweetener #SweetenerWorldTour #SWTMemphis
EXCLUSIVE: Get a first look at the brand-new set for #RAW.
It won't let me see the total amount unless i add a credit card, is there any other way i can do it. Or would you be able to do it for me?
I really am grateful for all the blessing in my life. Most of which are undeserved but that's grace
I’m going to see The KING premiere tomorrow evening!! Sooo excited!!
LOL me streaming Shall We in YT nonstop and my non-kpop fan friend starts humming the tune LIKE YES THAT'S CHEN HE'S POWERFUL LIKE THAT! https://youtu.be/AO1OqWwKj1A #YesWeShallCHEN #EXO
Only need the Steelers to get me 28 points to win tonight #FantasyFootball #MNF
Read the thingy at the top, you send it then I give you a number so you copy the text but instead of the 24th image yoou put the 1st
Don't rant booba... Enough of your BS.. just sit back and enjoy the show.
We all get distracted when we pray like its impossible to keep 100% concentration not even the most holy of men in the past could do it but what would be better is if u understood what you were saying in salah eg the meaning of the words thats what hits you ifykwim
Check out the best new releases from this weeks #NewMusicFriday. This week saw huge hits from     and  amongst others. Check them all out herehttps://buff.ly/2mFHEK6
What a wonderful way to start the day!! Thank you so very much!
“Go and love someone exactly as they are. And then watch how quickly they transform into the…”
I earned the Hero Trials High Scores in Clash of Lords! Think you can beat me?
Tune in tonight to catch some of the hottest spoken word artists out. Also, I’ll be a featured guest tonight sharing my thoughts on various subject. Tune in on POET RADIO.
Imagine how luck you are to be a server for the Bieber wedding lol
my Grandma B took the time to outline my Bible... sharing is caring (-:
if someone looked me in the eyes and said “i love thad” sincerely i would have 2 stifle a laugh ill b honest
The angel number 222 and love means a time to keep the faith. This is the sign to keep taking care of your personal relationships, even if the signs show otherwise. You have already invested time, energy, tears, laughter, and everything else that makes love .. LOVE!
IMO- XRP is the most versatile and already has partnerships and customers using it. Thanks :)
And people wonder why they have the luck they have to
Who said Summer was over?!... #BlessedSide #SurfCityHB #SurfCityUSA #HBFF #ActorsLife #TheRealPrayerMovementOC Shout out to the amazing mamads_newportbeach for blessing us with their food and allowing us to not…
The only thing the MTA been on point with is the fine ass drivers they hired for the routes near me. Wow God bless 58 driver.
The fact that the reporter was told the conversation between the US and Ukraine depended on the willingness of President Zelenskyy is a bit sketchy... #EH204
Yes Schiff for brains, Bolshevik Barbie (pelosi) , da nads nadler and the rest of the swamp
I like to think I'm a nice mix of Hoseok and Namjoon. Quiet for most of the time, head burried in a book or just spending time in nature but a very happy sunshine who jokes around and laughs out LOUD when around friends and family
but as you'll notice with all of my commissions in the same hand is that: I never actually stick with the ;-D because I always think "oh I do this every time." but I'm fooling myself, I'm a dummy. I have NEVER done it for a commission I don't think.
lol right that be the whole motive, whatever I say I need him to prove to me otherwise.
Kindly share PNR number,Escalating the same to the concerned officials
Oh, look, you shouldn't tease the poor girl like that.
If I'm a pagan of the good times My lover's the sunlight To keep the Goddess on my side She demands a sacrifice To drain the whole sea Get something shiny Something meaty for the main course That's a fine looking high horse What you got in the stable?  #Listeningto
"That returns us to the foreboding Franklin quote ... When he said, “The first man put at the helm will be a good one. Nobody knows what sort may come afterwards,” he followed up with this: “The executive will be always increasing here, as elsewhere, till it ends in a monarchy.”
Two Democrats on the street.... Dem#1- I'm not happy, Trump didn't do anything today. Dem#2- This is great, we can impeach him for not doing his job, quick give me Pelosi's number and let's get the ball rolling.
Harbaugh has to learn every year the hard way. Never prepared. Same shit different season. Coordinating is dated after they bust a nut on 2 games #goravens
Honestly it is nonsensical to be blaming the past generation for our problems when in fact they didn’t meet a perfect Nigeria too. We are not in competition, and  is among the finest of his generation who has continued to struggle for our generation & we are grateful.
“Less than clean?” That’s a big charge to be making against the United States Attorney General. Any proof? Or, just more feelings?
I think someone kidnapped chance. This is his cry for help. No one skips the best holiday of the year
I get that, I use my brothers netflix, and don't have cable so if I can pay $5 a month I'm okay with that, it's a slippery slope though all the streaming services end up costing the same as cable haha.
I think the only way they even consider dealing KB is if they're able to sign Rendon. But even then, you could move Bryant to outfield. Based just on the comments by Theo today, I agree with you that the most likely candidate to be dealt is Contreras by far
WMD???? The United States of Israel are global terrorist... Fascism and Nazism never died it evolved....
That’s the problem with the socialists. They think everything can be perfect. Nothing is ever, or will ever be perfect, so you take the best option available.
have been apart of the theater program for the past 5 years and I would like to finish off my senior year, but they will not let us produce a show without a director. I did not know how else to contact you but would you consider helping us?
I understand that, I think it’s mainly because the show is so popular that it’d be really cool for them to make him openly lgbt+
#NP :The Beard Sisters - Heaven #Synergy1Radio - #TheBeardSisters #Heaven
Ok. You won't be able to tell, but I'm typing this very slowly so you can understand. Ready? You are jumping to conclusions about the people you are insulting. People can care about more than one thing that affects them. We are complicated beasts. 1/2
See I got kicked over the weekend and was in my bed all weekend lol
Anyone that takes the time out of their day to replace the Bs in the sentence with 6s is clearly doin it right
Yeah no doubt. Just shows how poor elways player evaluations have been for the most part- at least in the draft. Pretty clear why this team is where it is. Huge misses in the draft
A big thank you to  for an awesome topic! Be sure to check out her book #edumagic and the other  #formativechat
Excellent idea to round out the year! A big family dinner gathering in every month of the 4th quarter. I’m here for.
"This is really the way we make the world a better place. We will be catalysts. We will make small gestures of love.” http://gatehousenews.com/everydayheroes2019/imran-malik/site/dispatch.com/ …
Choosing 911 over love and hip hop got me confused why they got to come on at the same damn time
Pick all the songs we play now till 10 tonight! -> https://1065thelake.iheart.com/the-lake-takeover/ …
Who puts the panthers in a better position to win a Super Bowl? Allen or a healthy cam
Every time I think about the year 2020 I get the best feeling yo. I’m really gunna marry my best fucking friend and blow multiple checks from then on. With already having a house (until she wants a bigger one) Just a blessed time.
SpaceX has unveiled the rocket it hopes will one day carry humans to Mars: https://www.technologyreview.com/f/614448/spacex-has-unveiled-the-rocket-it-hopes-will-one-day-carry-humans-to-mars/ …
Quantum Mechanics survives a gravity test. Scientists have challenged one of the great #physics mysteries – by undertaking an experiment in space proposed by UQ a decade ago. http://tinyurl.com/y2vfa2mj
“I feel like a prostitute coming out into a busy intersection,” says Conyers as the reporters trail him down the hall toward the elevators. “She’s got so many ways to go, she ends up going nowhere.”  on Watergate's endgame #fromthearchiveshttps://www.villagevoice.com/2019/05/16/watergate-diary-a-few-quiet-drinks-for-liberty/ …
Christmas at the Chateau Following on from Millie, the first book in The Marsh Sagas series, now comes a holiday novella! Join the family again as they spend Christmas with Millie and Jeremy at Chateau Dumont. #holidaystory
Full list of the 67 current Boxing World Champions https://www.worldboxingnews.net/2019/09/30/boxing-world-champions-september-2019/ … #heavyweight
"If I was to be like any one of the managers I had during my career, I would most wish to be like José Pékerman." https://www.coachesvoice.com/barcelona-real-madrid-javier-saviola/ …
Love my siblings yelling Demon Slayer spoilers across the house.
— Will you ever see Paul and Malik from The Bromance together again? Oh yes! GUARANTEED... just don't ask when!
I really like the name of my DnD character... watch me change my name when I change my au
The chances of Pelosi becoming President just jump 500 percent
It is time to release some of them "Secret" Sacred Scriptures from the Vatican Library Sir... We the people are ready for the "awakening"... You know it was prophesied in the scripture that "YOU" are allegedly the World's last Pope... Better get busy your Holiness...
Had the greatest vibe this morning! Ahhhhhh!!! Laban tayo today! Kaya natin ‘to!
 please can you pass on to the team that I have managed to make my channel public now but all my old videos in my playlists are still deleted.
Oh noo I should be the one thanking you instead. I didn’t expect someone would say that, neither notice my writing. Have a great day ahead!
Perfer to be told the truth then comforted with a lie
Bwahahahahahaha..... a poll by breitbart. Sooooo convincing and reliable indication of the opinion of people
Changing the quality of this pic into more HQ is a bad idea why is he so handsome #TREASURE13  #트레저13
I like the New Testament God with his "Love thy neighbor" and whatnot.
LMAO neither way is wrong & for her to insist is bizarre. As long as the dishes get clean who fucking cares WOW. I am so sorry you have to put up with her
5. Ayumu Uehara - 夢への一歩 The main character song always will sound like a main character song; Always hopeful, always cheerful, always like you want to give the main character all your support. This song accentuates Ayumu as an MC leagues above Chika and Honoka.
No but the ACLU would certainly defend them and sue Trump.
The Indians ain’t if they don’t win the division they definitely dont get a WC...they got it done
Following ’s speech, Croteau said she felt firm in her support of his candidacy... “He allowed us to ask questions. He answered them very truthfully and he stuck to his gut in his answers and he was specific all the way through.”  #WinTheEra #PeteWave
My Mom and I were just talking about the new TV’s and Living Room Couch we about to upgrade. She thought about saving but I said, Mom! We are aloud to be Ballers and Ball Out from time to time. This weekend we stunt Aiight, Live in the Moment!! She smiled and said, Let’s Stunt
For extra fun, watch the video without sound. She's a mime..
Thing is, with the internet and Whatsapp etc any links that are found are possibly just the tip of a much larger iceberg. I imagine for every public link there are at least 10 with shadier but no less influential people
We found Waldo Hall looking good under the sun. #GoBeavs
Mueller did not convince the country. She couldn’t risk Trump winning the swing states and therby the election. Another SCOTUS appointment? More ICE raids? More kids in cages? A malignant narcissist like him would have made the first term look like a picnic.
I dont do those scary halloween attractions , i punched one of them niggas in the mouth one year & aint been back since
Really good to see that you have the support you need. Take care & know there are some tweeps sending you warm thoughts.
Me over working myself ... the belief that if I overwork and push my body to the limit that I’ll somehow be better than everyone else not realizing I’m breaking down
Happy 5 year anniversary to these two albums. PLECTRUMELECTRUM is very enjoyable and ART OFFICIAL AGE is on my top 10 list of best albums from the 2010's.
I'm ready to meet my friends, I am not ready to see the cast hahaha
Just our luck -the guy who was carrying a revolver and was on probation happened to be from #Binghamton
I can see it happening: Man in apt 7: Here's a Snickers for you and these candies in the baggie are for mommy. Tell her she better have my money Fri. Kid: I can't have any? Man in apt 7: You want mommy to beat your @$$?! Tell her Fri, or I'm beating hers!
the source is  .... like asking who is catholic within the Vatican ...
Thanks! This will always be here... I’ll be back eventually but I want to explore the world while I’m young
I don’t want nobody settling for me just because the person they want not here at the moment
Thanks for taking a moment to share some love for May and Cathy! We will pass along your compliments and gratitude. We hope your daughter feels better soon and we get the chance to fly with you all another time.
Demonstrators will collectively honor the victims of the Chinese Communist Party (CCP)’s repression over the 70 years it has ruled China & demand that the basic rights & freedoms of all people in #China be respected.https://www.uyghurcongress.org/en/press-release-70-years-of-repression-by-china-is-enough-human-rights-and-freedom-now-peaceful-march-for-human-rights-in-china-on-october-1st-in-brussels-belgium/ …
Just don't understand. Trump is a useful idiot. But Barr and Pompeo are well educated experienced and knowledgeable. Just can not relate to the obvious betrayal of justice and integrity. Don't trust the info flow right now.
I vote for  of the  for  Save of the Week! Vote #CampbellSOW
Me: Uhm, clearly that soap sponge is broken as it is leaking the dish soap all over the counter. Roommate: *puts more dish soap into sponge* That's the thing, I'll wait until it all leaks out and scoop it back in. Me: I'm glad we're collecting soap now https://www.amazon.ca/dp/B00565V2OM/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_i_0wPKDb2CMMY6F …
Donald Trump contacted other countries to request help in investigating Robert Mueller's Russia probe "at Attorney General Barr's request," the Justice Department confirmed. https://www.huffpost.com/entry/trump-pressured-australian-leader-doj-investigating-mueller-probe_n_5d926445e4b0019647ad219e?ncid=engmodushpmg00000004 … via
Hallo, Leandro Metelo Fernandes in the house birches. Aceito um free hug todos os dias para ver se compartilho a minha depressão com as pessoas do tipo esponja
We shouldn't delude ourselves into thinking that all Senate republicans are going to back #Trump when Bela Lugosi Pelosi refers the matter to them. Most notably Romney (of course), Collins, Sasse, Portman, Thune, Lee and probably more of the ones we never hear from.
This is the state of mother earth TODAY! It’s crazy that I wrote this piece over 5 years ago, and unfortunately, it’s slowly coming to fruition. Spread awareness. Spread the LOVE! http://ow.ly/8fCd30pDN2k
The best CFB team of all time was the 94-95 Cornhuskers. The '92 recruiting class was 38th rated in the country. Coach TO said "we did the best we could." Damn right Coach. Those stars are a lot of hype. Your Badgers are consistently good stuff.
I don’t think Clemson/UNC type teams will be a high enough caliber to make the CFP the year with programs like Ohio State playing the same sport
What’s the feeling past love? I been feeling that towards my woman for forever now
Someone got through OH MY ORANGE ONE that playing nice might bring back his base by not throwing insults to everyone that even looks at him funny. Btw, El Naranja: WE ARE BEYOND THE NICETIES OF BEING RESPECTFUL TO YOU. You have GOTS to go...
I think it’s great they’re expanding their sizes but like the way they go about announcing it is.. not good.
Lol. Excellent till the garbage man throws it back up in the yard or road or sidewalk. Won't even stand it up, just how ever it lands. Lol
Sometimes having a child on the spectrum doesn’t feel like a gift. It feels like you have a little fucking bully picking on you whenever they feel like it. #ASD
Yay! Are you doing Dosh too? They are basically the same thing, but have different stores
Bunch of new stuff in today's stream (8pmEST). Ground breaking stuff if you ask me. I hope to see you all there to witness all the hard work we did over the past 3-4 weeks! #CoupleStreamers #goals
Men men men....I get it, you want me to talk to you and be all chit chat, and flirtatious and do the sexting thing. I get it. Put some money in babys hand, then I'll give you some sugar. #iaintfree #sellmeanssell #buymymotherfuckingnudes #cantcatchabreak #abouttogiveup
I will never forget the King Crimson concert last night! Please, please, please see them live while yall can.
Good grief mr President! Give up the damn polls! Especially the ones that are “fake news” like breitbart.... I would like to know what a day for you would be like if you weren’t on twitter or Fox News.
Cheers to Monday being over. Bison & Turkey burger on the grill with a Mad Butcher from  in the glass on this beautiful fall evening in Sioux Falls.
"Why not do this at your home?" Hux asks, "We could have taken /all/ of your clothing." "I don't have anything else," Ben admits, then points at the tan pile. "It's all like this." Hux glances down, lips rolling together. "It was a uniform?" "Uh," Ben intones, "Sorta?"
Hmm I kinda like the idea of that! Those dress shoes and socks yessss!
Indigenous Australians have been here for ~60,000+ years completely fine. Respecting the land, not owning it and taking it. In 200 years we managed to destroy everything.
Well the shipping containers sound like a good idea but so tired of the same old food - we need some real originality - that restaurant group need to share the wealth and or be original
Let's better cancel Wandazvision... that would help the planet a little more
mannnn i love jackson so much he really deserves the world
Kamala Harris Has The Perfect Response To Maya Rudolph's 'SNL' Spoof https://www.yahoo.com/entertainment/kamala-harris-maya-rudolph-saturday-night-live-181348402.html?soc_src=hl-viewer&soc_trk=tw … via
A picture is worth a thousand words. BTSOur founder  Shooting for wetalkinmagazine upcoming issue also featuring katjuicenyc and  . Special thanks to the entire team tilsacwright…
Read the attachment it doesn’t look like it changed.
My picks for the game. Hoping for a good one. Big fan of Eifert (when free of injury)
I think it will be available in small soon because it is on Euroshop, can't help you on the lack of a women's fit though lol
Hello, Inkstronomers!! This month’s In-House Splatfest has concluded, and the most studious house has come out victorious! TEAM RAVENCLAW WINS!!!! Join us next month for the final Potterfest matchup, and thank you all for coming!
Oh Paul I'm def trying.. Karma can be a wonderful thing! And positivity is the only way to travel the roads to impeachment!
Lmao MTE that guy totally got accused (unless the survivor could vouch for him)
This approach to teaching is something that I've thought could work well in a church setting. It asks students to do some pre-work before coming to class so that teacher can adjust their lesson based on the feedback. #INTC5001https://educationaltechnology.net/just-in-time-teaching-jitt/ …
I’m backing the  This article sums this whole thing up very well. Don’t come for the gays in the very industry a lot of us are finally able to be ourselves unapologetically.
That’s my best friend of course Lmmfao sent me the entire conversation
National media doesn’t know anything else about the Steelers. Names and catchphrases are easier than doing actual research.
why are u interupting we were abt to talk about how tim hortins icecaps are the only reason im alive
The best way to guarantee scholarships is by spending an hour EVERY DAY searching and applying for them. Get started with the #DebtFreeDegree Scholarship Search tool: http://bit.ly/2OblcE8
Listening to my favorite songs with headphones in at full volume, drowning the world out, is the best thing ever #MondayMood
...my point was to show that definitions are thrown around. People love to proclaim the definition of Nazism is wrong since they weren't actually socialist, but don't apply the same concept when people suggest that antifa's tactics align with fascism more than they like to admit.
Yeah but they just released the letter! So someone there is paying attention.
That goes with parents and adults too who dont stop the bullying
#OldNaughtyCoalition at home, Saint Jacinda abroad. She is sincere with words but I don't believe she will do much. Kind of like the West Coast rugby team confident of beating Otago for the Ranfurley Shield.
This will energize the democratic base, we will have the Dems back in 2020.
Not a fan of the now-ubiquitous habit of investors passing on an opportunity and, in the same email, adding “let me know how I can be helpful.” It should be axiomatic. Omit. Better to provide good feedback on why investor passed so founder can learn from the interaction.
I've been to that con. There's no lights, but the DJ is okay, I guess #BetterThanEDM
This is really awesome to see, love the constant support  is putting forward to
I honestly think one team could win this division with 11 wins if the last week has told us anything
I cannot wait until the day I finish uni for good. Around 8 months to go.
This is probably the most entertaining podcast you’re not listening to
Don’t disagree with your assessment. But “Supporters of the cap say the growler cap helps to support the three-tier system for local beer: producers, distributors and retailers.” Doesn’t seem like a massive win to me.
"It was #inevitable that I'd fall in love with you," she whispered. I squeezed her hand as I stared out the window at the lashing rain, searching for a response. September 30, 2019 #vss365 #amwriting #writingcommunity
I can sleep in this lmao. I am not looking forward to the cold
I doubt Cody would mislead me like that. Word is the deal is done, and AEW is waiting for Turner to iron out the details with TSN. TSN is airing poker that night, not like they can't make a schedule change last minute.
I dont think that's their point. They want to get the very best guard at pick #16.
Silence and smile are two powerful tools. Smile is the way to solve many problems and Silence is the way to avoid many problems. A Happy Tuesday slowkeys! Admin faith
Sucking up so he won’t turn on you like the others are starting to!
I'm sorry senator, My God, in his infinite mercy give you the strength to overcome this pain, for you and your whole family. God bless you ..
You two are the only jokes i know would appreciate this lol
My friend was telling me they remodeled since the last time I was there in 2017
If you missed it, I wrote about how KC's defense played a more integral role in yesterday's win than you probably remember, holding the line when the offense/ST kept giving the ball away. https://theathletic.com/1251670/2019/09/30/lost-in-the-chiefs-comeback-win-in-detroit-is-the-fact-their-d-made-key-plays-to-keep-them-in-the-game/ …
Why my brother tell me, he was grabbing the vacuum in my room and was looking at my shoes to try on like nigga yo feet hella bigger than mine hahaha
i’ve been on the lookout for knowns. would’ve loved to text bank the GIFShinObi.
But if that's the case, I feel like it's sort of a parental thing. You got your liberal bossy mom telling you to be nice and along comes this sort of Kool-Man dad (Trump) who tells you forget all about what mom said, do whatever you want! But just because mom's annoying doesn't
I love the way she stroke my Ego that's why I f**k ha good! #Leo
i am willing to go to the ends of the earth- no, the ends of the universe just to prove my love for you. i will do anything you ask of me.
They aren’t. You can go look at his recent breakdown over the past few days. It’s people saying pretty respectfully that they disagree with him on the issues and why and he’s taking it as if he’s being attacked. Yet another thin skinned lib who values order over justice.
Another great show planned tonight for ! We’ll be joined by #Sooners star  and  and I will breakdown who the best undefeated team in the NFL is. That and more tonight LIVE AT 7:30 on !
The young and the restless song intro has been in my head for like 7 minutes
Can’t make #NYCC this year and, I lost all of the autographs I’ve ever gotten there...(long story but, a relative bitterly threw them out). Anyone willing to help me replace some of the autographs from some of my favorite voice actors?
Presenting our cluster to the Sales team of Cape Town, #SouthAfrica. Thanks for the opportunity to meet part of your team Georg Begemann. Looking forward for more trade development among our countries #panama #guatemala #latinamerica #weareschenkerhttps://lnkd.in/eCmzMNW
i can literally do everything under the sun for anyone and their mothers .... but continue to get shit on ... LMAO.
I had a great time in Sydney; I was there in the early 80's aboard the USS Dixie AD-14 after duty in Diego Garcia. I was able to get out to a suburb too and visit a local "pub". As soon as they heard us speak the barmaid yelled "You're Yanks!", they loved the American Sailors!
  I am on the commuter train heading home whilst watching the special. I’m getting the strangest looks because I can’t help laughing!
Standard practice unfortunately. I bet they haven't assumed responsibility for the patients care yet either so youre there as glorified security?
Lica when was the last time you rt'd something like this
I am breaking my own rule of never unblocking/quote RTing the racist sundowning idiot president, but this is such an unbelievably funny tweet
I didn't think the latest series was as good as the first one was, but coming from a similar background & area it's still one of the best urban London style dramas i've seen yet!
He wants it all-Forever Jones Melodies from heaven- Kirk Franklin The presence of the lord- Byron Cage Praise him in advance- Marvin Sapp We lift our hands in the sanctuary- Kurt Carr
it ships do you ship this pairing? - yes - no - yes - yeth - yes - yea i guess - ew - richie deserves better - yea bffs reply w/an emoji for the questions
Was watching the most recent episode when I noticed you're looking fit ! Doing anything in particular or just clean living? Either way, looking good man!
LMFAOOO. My little brother ate a quarter when he was one and it was the scariest thing ever. For a couple days, we had to dig through his poop to make sure he pooped it out
I hope every republican in the house and the senate read this
Nope. You don’t need that extra space jsutnto play with yourself. The money is better.
You gotta love it when a new hire says, "the water in the fire hose is tasty!"
Yes, Maga practically worshipped Paige. Started the 'remember Paige' hashtag and all that.
Attention Marketing. I know it sounds stupid but Roosters supporters need to join in on the Viking Clap! Robbo needs to come out and ask all supporters to join in "we love the Viking clap, how good would it be 80,000 Raiders AND Roosters supporters doing the Viking clap" etc etc.
The Lopez twins combined into Brobin Lopez are the second greatest of all time, only behind Riki Barber. What an iron man Riki would be.
Good luck with that, really. You leftists are going to have to hit the equivalent of the Powerball to best Trump. His base is galvanized. Your front runner is done. Warren no way beats him, in part being a woman, just reality. I personally commit to help register 20 Trump voters
I'm really sorry for the wait today. I was trying to see what happened to the past few 701/791 trips and it looks like the last two had to be short turned due to traffic delays. The closest WB bus I see is a 701 at Haney Place so you should be on your way soon! ^tm
This is not a legitimate poll or website you know this. You’re reaching to the bottom of the barrel captain bone spurs!
aren't we curious about who's the next figure gonna wearing awsum boots like her ehe stay tune
islamic angels intercede and give me grace for the old testament sacrament graces and favours.
If you'd like to take a listen to the epic INFERTAT by  & , and would be up for leaving a review on  or ...follow this link for a FREE download! https://www.freeaudiobookpromocodes.com/infertat.html
Yes, I think it’s Adam Shifty- face! The Dems just made up a story about a whistle blower!
we're here for you kuya xD past is haunting you coz you're actually enjoying life right now in a good way. Dont be so cruel to yourself and dwell in the past...that you dont have the right to enjoy good things ryt now coz of your past.
Lmao! Beautifully reported, you’re just like the real news reporters, but you’re credible
{JUST LISTED} Well Established Cross Cultural Focussed Psychology, Counselling Practice for Sale - VIC Great Starting Opportunity as Price Includes Supervision by Registered Psychologist Located in the South...
I kind of have to wonder if the guy in the Dodge Charger with the license plate BLITZ88 is a Trump-loving Proud Boy.
If Donnie Hump Jr. is a true conservative, I'm the master of the universe.
I agree w that being said we must find a viable option in the meantime if we decide to let Locke developer on the bench next year as well. Another season with Flacco isn’t an option in my opinions.
We're less than two weeks away from Chief Innovation Officer  speech at the Founders Network fnSummit. Register today! https://foundersnetwork.com/fnsummit-2019/
I’ve got #Nationals winning the #NLWildCard on TBS.
As Jews throughout the world celebrate Rosh Hashanah today, we're wishing you all a new year filled with health, happiness, and hope! #LShanaTova (Art by Sevrina Vonina)
With hesitation I googled the Dildo sticky puddin and to my relief some very delicious looking pudding came up
He use us Facebook for profit chase the He should pay everybody something I glad my grandchildren not on facebook only old people like me they said forget him so that too will end
In hindsight, I'm really, really glad we got this moment at the Game Awards. Because it wouldn't have happened otherwise.
Please help support me in this awesome effort to raise money for the Special Olympics-
Yes, this is #lowcarb! Chicken breast made in the air fryer with olive oil & garlic salt with Healthy Noodles that we picked up at #costco and #traderjoes spaghetti sauce. These noodles are a great pasta…
Five year wedding Anniversary with my beautiful wife. 13 years together and its just the beginning. I still find ways to love you more each day. #5yearanniversary #Wife #LuckyMan
Yes sis, every artist have some toxic fans including EM but it's annoying to see someone tryna insult the whole fanbase base on his/her experience with the toxic fans lol. Its all love tho. PS
[warning: corny] my boyfriend and i's future together is starting to become a reality and i'm so overwhelmed by happiness and excitement i haven't been this happy in SUCH a long time thank you,  - for everything i love you to the moon and back
But “perfect”! Perfect phone call,perfect words. Only the best words.
Wow as an ally it is hard to understand the struggle transgender people go through. This piece touched me deeply. And I’m rooting for that girl. Hopefully she will win her battle. Much love
Glad to see the President still finding the time to shitpost.
there’s a lil black girl here for an interview i’m so excited it’s the first black person to interview since i’ve been here........ we’ve had a few hmong n hispanic ppl but no more than a handful i’m very Happy
“I love LineStar because it is a great mobile tool. I use other sources of research but LineStar is the best one for matchup comparison & ease of lineup building.” - Joshua in Anchorage, AK won $480 on #DraftKings Thanks Joshua, congrats! #DFS #FanDuel #NFL
cait :( i love ur tweets sm they literally make my day ur the funniest ever i love u sm i’m always here for u bae ♡
Great, try not dying. For the average person, they have little power against the owner class, they need the money to live. Personally I would rather we actually abolish capitalism and the state but hey, that isn't the current world.
This album helped me get through my first heartbreak. I loved the vulnerability in your lyrics. And so much strength as well! I love all of your work, but this album is one I will always hold close to my heart.
Okay so when I was down in Georgia/Alabama I got called out for saying I was “on line” at the store ... NOT my LI accent .. just that I did not say “in line” ... I really didn’t know this was a thing?
Next year this will hopefully say partner by the time I’m down there
On #InternationalDayofOlderPersons, we recognise and celebrate the valuable contribution older people make to our community throughout the year. Starting next Monday, we’re proud to run a full program of events at the annual Port Phillip Seniors Festival: http://ow.ly/80pe50wxzqB
Today’s piece inspired by #LandOfTheLost. If you are not familiar with the #show then let me explain. It was about a father and his two kids that take a trip on a raft. They get lost in a land of #dinosaurs in another #space and #time.
jodie he is the most loving, precious,kind and loving human being. an angel who just deserves a lot,a lot of love and respect
He could learn a lot from Romo. Romo worked for years to become one of the most accurate passers in the league. He wasn’t always that good.
Eu mandei um screenshot do site da Board. Nele diz : "It is an offence if a PLAYER gains possessivo/control of the ball after It has touched their hand/arm AND THEN creates a goal-scoring opportunity". Bem claro, não diz "o time", diz "o jogador". Reconsidera ?
Study Sesh w/ Fresh tonight  in the Newton Gresham Library on the 1st Floor, Room 105
Great stream again tonight, finally managing to get back onto a decent schedule and sticking to it. Massive thanks to  &  for the huge hosts tonight helping me close in on that 500 follower goal, much love as always.  #PUBG
I passed my friend in the weekly competition on 8 Ball Pool! https://8bp.co/1E9L2M8
I can’t wait to see Donald Trump leaving the Oval Office permanently, Hopefully he will be headed out the door wearing handcuffs.
Minneapolis!! Black Womxn For is heading your way THURSDAY. Co-hosted by Lena K. Gardner & Paige Ingram with special guest the one & only Angela Peoples! You do not want to miss this.
The Boy Scouts in Round Rock sure know how to sell. They had a nice young man with Down syndrome asking people if they would like to support his troop.... long story short I now own $45 worth of popcorn
Gone are the days when MTV/BET was about music! Hopefully Netflix push more music documentaries & behind the scenes stuff!
Yes not playing golf in Hawaii - whoops that was one of the last guys.
dear twitter: dang, i have been stuck in the stone age when i am just now seeing #nycmta buses with cell phone usb charger ports on those bus seats. #technologyhttps://www.amny.com/transit/new-mta-buses-in-brooklyn-manhattan-feature-wi-fi-and-charging-ports-1.13488762 …
When your sitting on the item shop and Twitter ready with your v buck ready to gift anyone
I cleared out the Fab 5 from Queer Eye when that is all their posts became.
He said he wanted the bread in 24hrs I'm a little stunned at how much drugs were moved in such a small time frame and it went unnoticed by the boys in blue lol
I was there at the time. It was nice. Police did their jobs and the people appreciated them.
YEA ITS LOOKIN POG !!! hopefully u wont feel 3 bullets too much when u already have a purple mag jfskdhhjkdsf SHOTGUNS R ALREADY THE BANE OF MY EXISTENCE then again maybe ill b better at em now with bigger projectiles charge rifle actually looks super interestin omg im excite
Even better....they think that Democrats created this false narrative in order to help them >checks notes<, um LOSE the election.
I’ve met some of the greatest people on this app :-)
me: omg today was such a good day! now I'm gonna end the perfect day with some good sleep my depressive ass: hold my fucking beer
John Tretton left in good terms. But when it comes to Boyes and Layden it's kind of they where forced out like Kutaragi. But the difference Boyes and Layden did a excellent job
It looks like martial in #HongKong in the national day. All shopping malls closed #GoodMourningCCP
i might start a thread of Rodgers best plays against the Cowboys.
im logging out of everything i honestly haven’t been feeling good for a while now but its fine cause no one gives a fuck. i managed to push 3 of the most important people out of my life. lmfaoo only a matter of time till my last peep leaves me too and i honestly don’t blame them
Just ordered mine! Great artwork to match the paw work.
You are the best but a little slow, dontya thing? Took you 2.5 years?
tô viciado no álbum the thrill of it all do sam smith se um dia falei mal tava louco
Has anyone noticed the amount of talent living on the streets!?!?
He has done so much to put law enforcement back in a respect status after Obama turned his back on law enforcement they should be paying him to continue speaking positively of law enforcement. You do realize the President doesn’t ever see these ”bills”. Sick of media bias.
"You don't need to have elaborate schemes or lavish resources in order to create. Enthusiasm, honesty, and hard work is always enough. the inaugural Camel Coat Press Poetry Journal is out now!! link below to cop!!!
Is there a way to watch these videos in full? The Bills app is trash at updating and the YouTube channel is also pretty slow...
yeah but they just went to a courthouse last time i think theyre having the actual ceremony
Lmao this is the first time I’ve been on my phone because she’s sleep and I’m awake
Why do men always say "she just had a child & was able to accomplish so and so" Women have children all the time and accomplish stuff like its nothing. Stop reducing us to our reproductive organs to promote our accomplishments.
Quantas never crash. Dominic Raab however is still not a very good driver. ... Shite speaker as well . Lacks precision, direction and most of all... the correct information
Jessye Norman, Regal American Soprano, Is Dead at 74 A multiple Grammy Award winner, she was a towering figure on the operatic, concert and recital stages.
Here again, we have the kind of people who are unable to provide an intellectual, rational, or factual response so they go personal. The last resort of immature minds. I'm not special. I'm just correct. Because I know what facts are and I don't let lazy people off the hook.
I find it super funny that some people just,,,find your twitter not knowing you make music, I got into ham because of the Manson family and was like “oh I wonder if they have Twitter” and found this cluster fuck whereas some people just happen to stumble upon this wild ride
100s of millions of years of evolution. An unbroken genetic chain going back billions of years to the very first living organisms. A spider is a wonder to behold. A marvel of biochemistry, a complex and beautiful creature.
OK, the screenshot i'm gonna show you is 100% real.
They would be one and the same imo. Computing state (“what is the obligation between A and B?”) v. enforcing state pursuant to the computation (transferring from A to B). Both useful; but crucially a contextual assessment. Smart legal contract tech should permit both.
Lol I know I would like him to explain it. The problem is that you read “experts” “journalists” etc talking about how this feature means nothing except a gimmick and that Tesla is still centuries away from FSD. It would be good if there’s a technical part too.
"The great thing in this world is not so much where we stand, as in what direction we are moving" frieskaJKT48 :) #tasya_bot
JEEZ THE COGNITIVE DISSONANCE IS STRONG WITH YOU Or perhaps you missed most of my Tweets So why should I ask if I'm being paranoid Or whether I'm misattributing source Key advantages Sovereignty Return to Common Law Removal of red tape Removal of EU Customs Union tariffs
Yeah. Well I lost my data in the process. So yeah, I deserve that F
You have to respect the legends who paved the way for the newbies.
instead of making a vita port they shouldve just sent the Five Entire People interested on playing it on vita a ps4 it probably wouldve been cheaper
Fell in love w the sickest reversible coat but $500 sugar daddies out there give me some sugaaa
Tomorrow is October 1st and I plan on eating clean for the entire month of October: no liquor, no excess sugar (cookies, ice cream etc).... I just want a clean diet overall.
Thank you thank you. I’m trying my best. Its just the beginning of a amazing journey. I’ll I give a shout out when I stream tomorrow.
The "dirt" Drump has on them. That's how you control people, with the filth you have on them. It's more powerful than money/payoffs.
call me crazy but i lowkey miss the fitness pacer test back in high school
Pushed?? Love the verbiage from the New York slimes. #not
You mean the  headed up by Barr? You are really bad at this. Party > Country Correction Trump > Party > Country
4 day trip to the other side of the world to see my true number 1, i love you
ok, and what does the law say? they are beholden to the law, not forms.
If you refer to life's greatest miracle as an unwanted parasite, then you are clearly a selfish low life that does not deserve the right to have an abortion.
Yes he hates anything that degrades or hurts America and so do I and millions just like me. the President has done nothing but MAGA and for some reason you and your Democrats dont like it
Just watched  vs  for like the 12th Time and that shit is one of the best and funniest battles on the Internet lmao
Last one!!! Lol Scouts honour!! We became grand parents for the eighth time on August 27th. Little Ashton Morris has joined this crazy bunch call his family #grandson
I feel like I’m in the south and the plaques are all for settler colonialists...
Def not the latter! This book is really interesting and it does appeal to me bc it talks about caring about the people who work for you and the importance of developing strong relationships. I am finding a great deal of good stuff in the book
Wendell Carter Jr. made a point about the league becoming too friendly and he is right. The NBA season should not be about friendliness, but a serious goals to win games. It is okay to be friendly, but leave that off the court.
The rabbit emoji was a much smarter choice than what could have been used
A vote for Max is a wasted vote and is like voting Liberal because the libertarians should support Scheer and not Trudeau. Why do you think Kenney won back Alberta. Do not split the vote, please. Thank you!
Perhaps, but he fits the other descriptions, he's a fantastic actor and very versatile (Important to play a character with DID) and he's of Egyptian descent, which I consider far more important for a character like Moon Knight (For obvious reasons), so my vote still goes to him
⠀ this could be a new revelation for him to meet the infamous DRAGON NINJA. although .. today is her last night of peace. ⠀
The joke is that you are still supporting this conman
I would like to see the question go to the Supreme Court. Then we will see how much judicial power Congress has as well as authority or other co-equal branches of the government
. The only HONEST major newspaper left in America.
you're welcome! and as time goes on, the price of jelly for rep and bee should go down so that'll help if you do get bored now :)
good morning October may the odds be ever in our favor.
The correct answer to this is the end scene in Homeward Bound before you know that Shadow is ok and I won’t debate any of you because all other answers are blatantly incorrect
I keep telling everyone I’m not a shit bloke ... finally tracked down the rightful owner of the I.D I found whilst socialising in St.Kilda over #AFLGrandFinal weekend. #JustSaying
it's taking all that is in me not to skip everything and just go straight the mickey scenes
Yes, yes! Jessye Norman's recording of Strauss' Four Last Songs is sublime. Rest in Peace. "O! it came o'er my ear like the sweet sound That breathes upon a bank of violets..." -William Shakespeare, Twelfth Night
the start to that will be the birth of Tagon's kid which will take away the only thing Saya cares about right now. Power. Saya has nothing left to lose, except for this. Taealha killed the only thing he wanted & loved and thus cut the last thing holding him back. #arthdal
So that where my $25 went ..happy to help feed the homeless lol
Ok so when you’re on your desktop don’t click on the name that pops up, search for her name then go to people, it pops up for me when I search her but when I search her name she doesn’t show up!
Dude I’m about to lose my mind lmao. Don’t they know we work on the internet???
all the Hot Girls having fun then there's me Boring Betty
Guessing the judge is gonna throw her a party once she's acquitted.
Good luck hope the result is worth the effort, will be listening from Glasgow to
God's Not Dead doesn't make sense to me at all. Especially I believe it's the first one, it seems to do the opposite of what they intended.
Let’s see if i’m right... AL: Yankees & Rays advance then Astros beat tampa then the yankees NL: Braves and Brewers advance then the dodgers beat the brewers then lose to the braves Then I got the astros in 6
My daddy is the cook, my mama don’t have to lift a finger.. I need that energy
it’s unintentionally a great gesture to how long and wretched rationing was in england during the war
I will come to regret the decision but I am firmly in the "yes please declutter my life of all physical media" camp
Don’t you love how literally anyone on this app that’s coached or played football has said the hit wasn’t dirty but the arm chair football players on here swear it was
You’re an idiot! The majority of Americans love . We will show you, stay tuned.
Throughly enjoying reading these panicked emails from the Forever21 CEO
Well said. Applicable to all fandoms. I would add, it's okay to care but it's not okay to be that subset of fans who ruin the fun for everyone else.
we're not the best of friends. It's a small thing, so I don't want to bother them.
I am not usually one to chase spice/heat. My tolerance is... ok. I figured I try the ghost pepper chips from TJ's. These aren't spicy methinks. Has anyone else had them and can verify? I mean it makes sense I suppose. But I am bummed.
They're not trying find Judge Crater here! That the forms are being more respected here doesn't disguise the corrupt intent. (I know you know that.)
I’d pay to see him disintegrate on-air. Let him go, it’ll help the cause (not his).
Hope all the single queens on my TL find love by the end of the yr
The rule of law and lady justice will round up all law breakers and close states borders that have sanctuary borders
https://www.nytimes.com/2019/08/08/opinion/the-squad-democrats.html … Support the Green New Deal, the Blue Wave, the progressive political movement of , AOC and all other progressive movers and shakers as they battle for FDR's version of a real democracy that will bring...https://www.nytimes.com/2019/08/08/opinion/the-squad-democrats.html …
So glad to hear this! I will pass the message along to the students.
A discussion on democracy with Democracy Seminar 2.0 at The Festival of New. Register here: https://thefestivalofnew2019.sched.com/event/T0Zi/democracy-seminar-20-public-forum?fbclid=IwAR35MZKismb6QrXij04oY0loILa-5ZXjoKbQ1Cv1y-OmidR7T5iErUmwDoQ …
anon cheer twitter q’s 1. yes 2. no 3. yes 4. yes 5. no 6. yes 7. yes 8. yes 9. yes 11. no 12. 4 13. none 14. a year 15. myself 16. omse etpev hott 17. no one 18. currently, no active ones send an emoji for the q’s!
Such fools. Thinking that a celebrity - working part time and making more money for a single film than many of us will see in a lifetime - understands what is best for the masses. All because someone will give them a stage. Like sheep to the moon - the millennials will follow.
*Khariji , learn how to spell terms right before calling others dimwit , as for the last half of your sentence , May Allah increase you in intellect.
Thanks Julia, I didn't think of it until I read this but they always seemed to be having more fun out there in the kitchen didn't they? Part of who I was even then.
Victoria Leachman and I are playing the Copyright Card Game on Partners’ day the morrow. A feast of games, fun and learning about copyright and how it applies in the every day work situation #copyright, #tohatoha
Research it. It's a hotel in LA, West Hollywood, and NYC that allegedly markets itself to "elite" pedophile celebrities, government officials, and the wealthy. Adam Schiff has been seen there keeping company with them.
[ラジオ英会話 Lesson 122 欲求・願望②] ④〜英語で表現〜 ◎ swift recovery の swift について 大西先生 ▶︎Could you explain "swift"? クリスさん ▶︎Actually, I love the word "swift." I find it quite onomatopoeic. "Swift," you get the sensation of speed, just by saying, right?
Ching Chong Fong is on Pitt over 45 for his max play. Personally, I'm on the over as well as someone I respect is on the over as well. Uggh, can't believe it. Youre still an asshole Vince, but you better hit this one.
First day on the new job & man it was definitely a different experience for me
I'm not afraid of it. I have never been scared when I wake up and there is something standing next to my bed. The dreams scare me. They are so vivid that I can't separate dreams from reality. The nightmares are different but I could write a pretty good story with them.
this one also comes as a print. the largest size huge. some would call it absurdly large (18x18 so a foot and a half square). there are smaller sizes but i know some of you are trying to take it there so i have to facilitate that obviously. the black on the prints looks great btw
Flatly uninterested in signal boosting whatever the UCP has to say with clever dunks. It's not worth the tweet, friends.
When I came home from trick or treating as a kid my dad would say he needs to check my candy for razor blades and then he'd eat the best stuff. The pain never goes away.
Just because a skin is expensive and has a lot of things dangling of its neck or flashy clothes dosen't mean its automatically good. Sometimes the simple skins are the good ones.
and Saya is the one who has the knowledge on how to build an empire. He's grown up accumulating all this knowledge... which is going to be hella useful once the trio 'end the world' and create a new one He's going to end up 'illuminating the world' #ArthdalChronicles
figure out a way to house 10 and scream real loud to get the resources to house the remains 20 There is little sense of urgency. I have hundreds of homeless friends that have a better chance of dying than getting help. That’s what drives me.
It'll tip over in the slightest breeze and will always be "top heavy".
And he added the "you all know" bit when he said a blatant lie. Like "there are fine people on both sides, and you all know it..."
PAY ONLY AFTER THE WORK IS COMPLETE . i am currently a senior in college and looking for some work. I can help you with your math at a reasonable and affordable price. DM me if you are interested. Cheers and have a nice day
When has Kanye ever cared about being in the good graces of public opinion? Asking genuinely
I will always share this picture i can't say "until i'm blue in the face" because i'm a blue dragon
New features have come to #MicrosoftTeams in the past month of September, from improvements to the calling experience to new, intuitive ways to filter your chats. Read more here https://5p.click/rLFzDm
Really? Spoke with council it's that the whole area needs re cultivating this isn't just a farmers field this is a community park where local schools use it daily or did, I'm all up for a good time but also compassionate for others and it's unusable not the parties fault but the
sex jokes aren’t funny (unless it’s a that’s what she said and it’s actually a good one) but if you’re a caveman and you have to make them refrain from doing so in the presence of females
https://youtu.be/DzsVguORKTg The True Breakdown ...
 hi, could you please check this order? 71171808 . I didn’t receive the email confirmation
This frustrates me so much. There are so many Christian churches that have got over themselves and are working on becoming fully inclusive, including my own. Then someone like this makes the headlines and masks all the good work going on elsewhere.
Wow good find! One of the few Trump guys from early on who isn’t indicted/ or jailed.
so what if... after meeting eunseom, he helps 'illuminate' eunseom's path too?' From the preview we know he's going to be pivotal in getting eunseom back to arthdal - If the twins do indeed change places #ArthdalChronicles
As a business model. They murder endangered species for pleasure. They claim religious freedom in order to subjugate minorities and practice their bigotry without interference. Rapists and pedophiles garner their protection and ascend to the highest levels of their party.
Hi Jim , will there be any surprises for things coming for sale on http://jimcornette.com coming later this year or in the new year? Just seeing how much Xmas money I should save. Thanks.
If other websites are boring, break the mould and make yours great. Do people still go to tumblr now that there’s no porn? I don’t. I bet clients who are looking for professional creatives don’t either. Who’d hire a creative who can’t be bothered to own a real URL?
In fairness, the last one might be a good thing - if rich people helicopter everywhere they'll care less about protecting parking spaces.
“If the statistics are boring, then you’ve got the wrong numbers. Finding the right numbers requires as much specialized skill—statistical skill—and hard work as creating a beautiful design or covering a complex story.” p. 80
Julian was worried at how corrupt/incompetent/criminal the modern state had become, to protect the integrity of the Western World he is now held by Trump, Boris and Morrison in Limbo. He was certainly right about the imment destruction of our state from within. #Unity4J #auspol
So shall my word be that goeth forth out of my mouth: it shall not return unto me void, but it shall accomplish that which I please, and it shall prosper in the thing whereto I sent it. Isaiah 55:11
Best u buggers make use of all yr machinations and get elected !!!!and turn the disastrous ship around
crimes.of.the.mind gets up and down for par on the second playoff hole to outlast Stephen P Grant. Beringer starts 1st stage of  #qschool tomorrow at Breakers West. Good luck Eric!  Champion Golf…
My ? is - why didn’t that pathetic excuse of a “man” ,with the cell phone getting all of this, step up against these cowards? Surely, there were enough decent human beings standing around filming that could’ve assisted this couple. Oh wait, it’s pretty BOY Trudeau’s country
Enter for a chance to win the new Live Out Loud Eau de Parfum & Fragrance Body Ink Pen. 10 winners total. (10 Representative winners, too.) Ends 10/14 http://go.youravon.com/3ggvk6 #AvonRep #LiveOutLoud #Sweepstakes
As the new Young Lion of  I will be doing all shows with  in solid black trunks and solid black wrestling boots.
on today’s episode of “i almost died”: i had the top down on my car and something flew in my eye and couldn’t rub my eye with my hands because they’ve been touching money so kept closing my eyes while driving to move the thingy in my eye around
ha ha ha breitbart news the Nazis supporting don the con .no surprise here .Nazi propaganda.
Yeah like I get that but still wasn't the age group for this cartoon like 9 to 15? And the animation director was like yo that's cool but we got to sensor this bro. Here's a smug duck buy the Blu-ray cuck.
Happy Monday, lovelies There are some exciting, wonderful things in the work for ChosenEyes... including my Mirror Reading 101 course in collaboration with minx.muse! Beginning October 14th, this 3-week series…
Enjoy the off season. I expected a lot more from you this season! I’m not being a hater at all but I expected more. We need your offense. Behind the plate you are simply the best to do it. Looking forward to 2020. Enjoy the time with the wife and kids !
please don’t let it get to you. we know you’re in the right. we can only just hope that person gets..... some kinda education
At the risk of sounding redundant: Economists deriding Turkey’s interest-slashing and credit-encouraging policies is nothing new. Still, leadership is convinced that the economy is on a path for growth. I genuinely hope that is the case- long term as well. https://www.ft.com/content/e60f872c-e35f-11e9-9743-db5a370481bc …
Did you like The Power Station? What was your favorite track by them? #musicquestion #MondayMusic #ThePowerStation
The Dems in Congress will never vote yes on legislation that helps Trump look good. The are the #Do nothing Dems.
My favourite Synchro from Arc-V and Dimensional Dragon. Proud owner of him in Ultimate Rare! I miss those rarities in the overseas...
I hope so. But every time I think that he oozes his way out thanks to the complicity of the GOP.
So when this amazing #goavsgo community rallied and we shared our love for our team I felt like this is where I need to be. To be known as the Queen. To finally feel supported, loved, cared for. To finally have a voice in a cause I care so deeply about
Again..... I dont have a suggestion! How hard can it be to just tell me what to type to sent a tip? Why on earth would i wanna create a ticket for that? Im still waiting for another ticket to be answered for 3 weeks now! Why is the answer not in a simple FAQ?
Justin Trudeau plans to unleash 22 BILLION tonnes of carbon from the tar sands via the #TMXpipeline expansion... he has no plan to keep anything in the ground, because he pledged profits for reinvestment. #elxn43 is about extinction
THANK YOU PREZ TRUMP FOR PLAYING 57 DIMENSIONAL CHESS TO KEEP US SAFW
The whistleblower needs to be protected. What a crazy country we now live in . . . #ProtectTheWhistleblower
i love the way jackson talks he has such well thought answers it's so interesting to know what goes on in his mind
A lifetime ago I lit a recital she gave at the RDS - she was lovely, warm and kind. I naively didn’t realize what big deal she was. After the concert as we were getting out she came back onstage and thanked each of the local crew. Class act. https://www.theguardian.com/music/2019/sep/30/jessye-norman-dies-opera-star-grammy?CMP=Share_iOSApp_Other …
SHES FROM SMTH CALLED HIGANBANA SHESFROM THE SAME PPL WHOMADE HIGURASHI/UMINEKO as u can see from the ... u-unique sprites (No shade i love his sprites)
That response is the only thing that is alien plus rude. Also really contrary to what the med school environment should be all about... a safe space for learning, discovery of interests and development.
What a hit by McTominay, but that counter attack started with some really poor judgement on that header to clear it out of the United box with Arsenal committing two to the ball against one and conceding an unpressured headed pass by United
happy birthday  bro miss you down here  love you bro 21st on the 30th
the fact that i keep saying that chihoon is my 3rd pick but woonggi is so cute hes kinda my 3rd pick already AAA I LOVE WOONGGI
I mean his stats weren’t bad if that’s what you determine from that game. I don’t know what team was out there but wasn’t the team we saw for 3 weeks. Teams with a better QB: Pats, Packers, Saints, Chiefs, Seahawks, maybe the rams.. has to be a top 10 QB as of week 5 2019.
I recall multiple situations at school where I felt I had to correct the teacher for the sake of my classmates. Naturally the response was swift disciplinary action for that kind of "insolence".
Trust doesn't come with a refill. Once its gone you'll probably never get it back and if you do it will never be the same. #ALDUBxADNRespectOurElders
Yes. Yes we were talking about the Jonas Brothers. It happens.
While you’re enjoying your bagels, could y’all maybe ease up on the humidity here in Tampa? It’s been brutal
Dirk wasn’t having none of that 73-9 shit you talking bout. He’s great but he’s not the GOAT and that’s fine lol
Lots of drama in #MondayNightFootball for the  writer's league. I need 18 points from John Ross to beat  and hand him his first loss of the season. 3 other matchups are realistically in the balance. #FantasyFootball #NFL100
Corruption of current pres. matters: the corruption allows, enables, & encourages small groups of people to use public resources for their own profit. There is no making policy *or* oversight. Oversight = protecting the public
Same. I’m so happy and carefree without one. I live the city bus and supplementing it with Lyft when necessary.
i have an oc i need to remake thats like based off of the urim and the thummim
Pffft simpletons, I yell #YOLO when I charge in and the glow flies are on me
You're welcome! That's always the greatest feeling and a great way to start the week!
You may have changed California law, but you haven’t changed NCAA rules and regulations. Paid athletes and maybe even their teams won’t be eligible for bowl games. Stanford, USC or UCLA in the Rose Bowl .... history! Good job Guv Gav!
Someone has to be "ignoring" the fascism on the down-low to help victims of it when shit gets real. Too many of us are super active online and easily identifiable.
I want every one of them in the front row at the first presidential debate Only fair right Hillary
The fend/hand-off law hasn’t changed for decades. Using the palm of an open hand is fine. Leading with a braced forearm/elbow and a clenched fist has never been legal.
YOUR saying you BELIEVE JUANITA BRODERICK???... SHE IS THE ONLY ONE HERE THAT I BELIEVE!!! Because it is surely not you !!
bonus: (P.S. huge thanks to all those fansites that give us all these pictures, you are all such great assets to the fandom)
Bring wings to weak and bring grace to the strong adoroooo
YESSSSSSSSSS that would be amazing omg My religion and disability class is discussing the intersections of race and disability and it’s exclusively about being black and disabled or white and disabled, and while yes black disabled people are important as hell, I want some info
I dont talk about it *that* much but I love New York so much, especially the city. Just being there makes me happy. The only downside of NY is everything is so fuckin expensive but there's so much to do here
Most People Have Contempt for the President The Easily Understood Ukraine Extortion Revelations Open The Whole Corrupt Can If Worms of this illegitimate Presidency All The President’s Men will not escape whole Tragic, but good for the Constitution and Genius of the Founders
Aurora Volleyball wins 2nd set 25-17 over Monett and take the match 2-0!
Breitbart News?!?!? Like my dad would say, "Consider the source."
Some more good news from the #444 Family! Proud of you my guy this is only the beginning!
Really enjoyed the Roy Keane interview, much better than the match. I think he’s mellowed!
3 Grace, mercy and peace from God the Father and from Jesus Christ, the Father's Son, will be with us i... #WordAlerthttp://wordalert.app
What about a new room in the fortress that would have an incomplete wither formation on top of a pedestal. You know just the T shaped soulsand. The room could also have murals on the walls with glazed terracotta and banners and new chiseled netherbrick blocks! Now that is cool!
Not to pick on the Age thing lol you do remember Mary Janes?
I wanna make the most of this week/have lots of fun! I went shopping today for cozy sweaters for fall . My only other ideas for the week are a hot stone massage (any recommendations in van area spa or SP?) and maybe a hair cut lol! Frame some art I have. Buy new work phone..
I have the same demon. Especially as I age and should know better.
Apparently it was suggested that we could use worms in Spaghetti Bolognese. I mean for FUCK'S SAKE! It's sounds like bollocks - but it's the Tories. And we have entered the Twilight Zone.
Candice speaks the truth. This time it’s just more subtle which makes it look like a shadow enemy. Pull funding from black communities, treat blacks like poor victims, push that blacks are undervalued and get this into the head of millions. Dems playing the long plantation game.
Since we're like a month out now, did anyone else pre-order the Google Stadia? #NEFLPlay
That comforted him slightly when he heard the last part. "Aaah and how shall we spread such prowess? I could easy...influence the minds with suggestion~"
Joel can go get you a bucket...? Fr?? And this team is super defensively especially for the playoffs...
???? theres the thing about manga readers and anime onlys again???? like i said before cant manga readers react the same way you anime onlys can???? what are we gonna do with these info and feelings?? bottle it up and wait for you????
Beautiful night on the pitch for Marion County tournament action. Let's go Plugs!
How can justice flow in the Northern Territory when Aboriginal lives are treated with callous indifference? | Thalia Anthony https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2019/sep/30/how-can-justice-flow-in-the-northern-territory-when-aboriginal-lives-are-treated-with-callous-indifference?CMP=share_btn_tw …
I have learned that turning away genuine offerings blocks the flow of good fortune and blessings in your life... Whether in a relationship or everyday life... It's an energy that you have to be willing to receive... but it's hard to adjust to... There's a vulnerability in it..
to what genius...you are really one of the most pathetic people I see on here continuously. You have nothing substantivee to say EVER. How 'bout a response to your great leader's commentary.
Omg please actually do this tho? Such a great idea!!!!! We have Masked Singer, the world is ready!!!
The Whistleblower Support Fund needs your help. https://www.gofundme.com/manage/przbg-whistleblower-support-fund …
also bloody mary by lady gaga is the best piece of media humanity will ever create
I also had to share when the boy convinced me that I had to let him have a taste...I only ate half but gahhh was it good
Fan concept art welcoming #SpiderMan back into the #MCU - #Marvel
What? What about putting the squeeze on a foreign President to help your campaign? What kind of interference to undermine democracy do you call that?
Lmfao #21 gotta be the one that has rhythm that matches that last rowdamm ma sista u had one job
Real talk. Judy is the reason I didn't learn to drive until I was like 25.
I am using the Internet fast lane by installing 1.1.1.1 app. It's free and protects me from Internet spies! #1dot1dot1dot1https://warp.plus/M4Qsx
The guy used to demonstrate “cutting through the head of a hammer” with it. Which seems like Brexit in microcosm.
Looking to make sure the pipette tip actually has something in it
“Saturday morning programming” 6x8 inch mixed media on mixed media paper. Dated 9-30-2019. #273 of the #365dayartchallenge2019 #muse #painting #subconscious #originalart #oktobedifferent #selfdiscover #energy #gowiththeflow #colorful #mind #amynordby
Far from it lol im level 20 or 21. I don't have time to play during the week n have been gone the last couple weekends
on the one hand, when it was explained to me/i was reminded that that book takes place during the war and rationing is severe so food, sweets in particular takes on special significance, it made more sense to me on the other hand, turkish delight are you fucking kidding me
You could call the Orlando Magic "Team Continuity." In truth, though, there is something fundamentally new and different about the 2019-20 team. Here's my dispatch for  from the Magic's media day today: http://theathletic.com/1255909
Target rifles are not a problem automatic weapons are. If you want to fire an AR 15 join the Armed Forces. They call it a C7
Let’s be fair he was the talk of the town at Molde!
On the mission field one not only has to minister, but to also invite people into partnership to advance our Lord’s kingdom. Now talk about navigating this curve. If you are on the “mission field” would you share how you are doing this?
Wow this tweet really blew up. In case you want more of my thoughts about heroism and justice and society and the nature of evil, my novel The City in the Middle of the Night is just $2.99 in all e-book formats for the next few hours.... https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07FJZDJ8Y/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1270488014&tag=macmillan-20 …
I missed that poll. My vote: YES, I stand with the President!
Gaming triggers, Built-in cooling fan and Up to 12GB RAM 256GB storage.That’s what makes the Red Magic 3S so supreme. Wanna win it? Join me in #NeedFor3Speed for your chance:https://eu.redmagic.gg/pages/red-magic-3s-challenges …
Ur smile and energy can project positive vibes and energy into people who are relatively negative people in turn changing their life for the better think about that for a second!!
It's probably a good thing I wasn't there to support that elderly couple in the manner which I would have preferred.
they will eventually finish my door, one day..as they have to come back after the motor arrives and gets installed, to paint the doors & fix up the gyprock that got damaged.. it's just so annoying dealing with people who think they know best & the client knows nothing..
Although I'm pretty sure humans are the epitome of the universe, I think the earth will be better off after we go extinct. A bad day for the universe, a good day for earth.
Nobody believes that fake pole, LMAO, you're done, you'll be impeached, get use to the idea....
Hoping the Steelers will dig me out of this hole the cowboys and Chiefs put me in
Fundations is going strong in our Kinder classrooms! Today, our students practiced sky writing as they learned how to form the letter e. Way to go, Mrs. Smith! #HEARTandHustle
Vanessa was on set? The only thing that maybe suggests that is her post from Minnie's account with the shoes and that could easily be old.. — could be idk
Today while working in the darkroom I screamed into my sweatshirt so loud because of the frustration I have for a class, but yes I love art school
ok i’m gonna post my hh and delete them as soon as i leave the gym
The complaint though inaccurate was clearly written by a group of people. IMHO it took time to write. The rules were changed to let it in. It was written to support more subpoenas. The want to poke until they find anything.. dont kid yourself this a gutless coup.
Since 3 pm, the minion has been playing Christmas music loudly and her tree is up. Sighs. Big sighs. It’s still September dammit.
Idk if it’s because I’m ~alone~ in Maryland or if I just have a ~fab~ job but by the time Monday night rolls around I’m ready to go back to work
Oh really? Personal enrichment? Obama went into the presidency well off and came out a multi millionaire. And of course, there’s Biden. Trump went in rich and removed himself from his businesses. Duh.
Hard agree, they didn't have to reduce the summoning cost either but they did, bless cygames (bc I don't trust ninty w their mobile monetization)
that woman was my whole life she was the person I loved and cared about the most she was the strongest and the bravest woman I ever knew so why it had to be her the one who left me? why not somebody else?
The extraordinary life, and courage, of Shuping Wang, who helped expose the AIDS crisis in rural China. https://nyti.ms/2oJ4BwH Many thanks to  for his generous help with this obituary.
Whatcha working on? I remember Myrta Pulliam as one of the original and long-serving members of the board of directors of IRE. Wonder why her name got underlined like that.
probably on like deviantart or something im guessing on FA it seems to take some extreme kinky stuff to get the “bUT ARE THEY OK” but it sounds like something that would be said a lot by DA commenters
You may have seen our hockey table at Open House last week. Here is a shot of the measuring, creating, and collaborating. We then added a whiteboard for recording scores, simple addition and comparing.
I do, the Ont liebrals did it and won, under gerald butthead's guidance
I hope they are finally going to find their spines and stand up for the Constitution!
The government of the Netherlands will bring in planners and consultants to help the local government here to strengthen its infrastructure on cycling. As the city grows and becomes sustainable, more Dutch businesses would like to see...
Hold it. I replied to this tweet. Wtf. Vanished. I said Puft is a man that speaks truth, doesn't get caught up in hearsay and & man of principles. Just had to say it again for the record. He IS the best part of waking up
I really do my thing on the braids follow my hair page on IG for the bomb knotless braids....jadathebraider1
Yeah, well, my heart's not the only thing that beats/throbs/thumps for him. Get your minds out of the gutter, girls!
Is ODP doing any buys to counter trump's anticipated spending in Ohio? The deadline isn't fake for Trump, he is sending out extortionate emails saying he better see your name, friend. Expect hes planning to buy a lot of fake news w that.
hey professors, if you want us to teach ourselves the material, please tell us up front instead of making it an assignment that’s worth 15% of our grade
Finally. About time they started paying for sala instead of just praying for him. Scummy club even trying to wiggle out of the deal.
When all citizens step back and see what we've become maybe now we can unite and see anyone but Trump is the answer. I'm hoping we're close to the end of this nightmare. #DumpTrump2020
I got the final jeopardy question right tonight someone pass me my wrinkly brain award
Only a few chances remain to experience all the wonders of #AliceInWonderlandOSF before it closes 10/12!
You are right his rallies have a lot of nice people there and the Democrats do not like that , so they try to come up with something else to change that .
I feel like this in itself should be impeachable. If a substantial part of the American family has near zero confidence in the President, why on Earth should they continue to hold office?
So proud of Tiara Girl Dr Neomee Shah dr.neomeeshah Mrs India Exquisite and a Leader in the field of Fitness. She graces the Cover of the October issue of Women Fitness Magazine. The inside also features a cover…
Yes good job waters. Get rid of Donna Brazil off fox. She did dirty work for Hillary in the debate against Trump.
The best part of these Antifa thugs ran down their mom’s leg...
but when is the last time y’all saw some “black hair” advertisements lmao
This Game of Trump season is going way too fast. Where's the character development, the detailed back stories, the love interests? Not enough dragons!!!
RE the new law where NCAA athletes can profit off their Jersey (etc) sales, let them do what waitstaff has to do (pool tips).. share the wealth. It will make it more equatable for teammates. And make Dems happy w/ their views on FAIRNESS/Sharing.
You can write checks all day long Mr. Wonder bread and mayo. This country and it’s power structure are going to change for the better whether you are on board or not. Your time is over.
I missed you being sorry for what you did, interesting. Bubble life must be the best life.
"The trump Dump", featuring Donnie's Top Ten Rants, selected Phone Calls, Love Letters from Kim, & outtakes from his best Bigly Rally Crowds. This 50 CD/5 DVD set is yours for $19.95, plus S&H. Includes FREE Trumply (sic) Bear (pay add't'l fee). (Not available in real libraries.)
William Arthur Ward - Forgiveness is a funny thing. It warms the heart and cools the sting.
Well based on Islam, its because once we enter jannah, all your bad attributes (gluttony, envy etc) gets stripped away, and all the pleasurable sins become lawful and theres also talk of separate heavens for everyone where others can visit, except you want to share.
Debate? Hmm ... in the 19th century I you see with dueling pistols in your saddlebags and a sword hanging from your pommel... Ready to debate !
0 corporate income tax framed as... a good thing... Also the idea that conservative government is SMALL has become downright hilarious, in an infuriating sort of way
I feel like my life’s falling apart at the moment wow
Ml an.. next door posts need to be on twitter.. just for the sheer entertainment. Who would have thought that platform would turn into a fun reprieve from the work day.
But I didn't get to know that kpop group as much I as tuned in to Sj. You can really say that they are my first love, and first love is hard to forget. Not I'm trying to forget them. I still love SJ from the bottom of my heart and always be. Especially my GaemKyu
Weiners Fly at 2pm! The running of the wiener dogs Oct 5, 2019  - sign your dog up at the event! - prizes for best costumes - grand prize for race winner - must be a dachshund to race , Kansas
Different stages, different markets, different norms. A mix of all things at play which I think explains it. I DO think that this should never be the norm tho... along with cos paying for VC's lawyer fees as was discussed on Twitter last week. Only coming from the founders shoes
Just a Stranger: "I'm not a fan of any of the casts but just an honest review of the movie, is so impressive. Great job!"  #RAWRAwards2019
For the small peeps. 1991 Sisters of Mercy tank top on Brockum. Can be yours for $70 shipped. It says Large on the tag but it’s closer to a medium.
The sheild are my favs ... there my ringtone on my phone ... and the greatest of all time ... JMO
Fine if you want to talk to me I'll me in my room across the hall. -He huffed and started to walk towards the door-
This is one if the funniest things I have seen in a long fucking time....
wow... just wow. that’s the confirmation i needed from drew...
This historical truth makes the prospect of Black People voting our way to decisive change in America's White Supremacist institutional paradigm thoroughly unreasonable & completely impossible. We must have a referendum on #SEPARATION
Well there is often more than one meaning to any word so you might as well add yours to the urban lexicon
Respect. I feel you but at the end of the day you got to take the movement itself back to the origins. Who began feminism, Who was it designed for, and why . You could say the same for Christianity but that’s another more complicated subject lol
it’s days like today when I wish time travel was real nothing’s wrong, I just want it to be Saturday because the high is only 71° and I’m making ’s French onion soup for dinner while watching the Ohio State game
This is incredible. Love it (& all the Glasgow/Scotland related comments) so thank you!
I love the library man !! I like to smell the old books
 VOTE Mercy to 32052. No weapon formed against MERCY shall prosper. 60million for MERCY.MERCY is Caring.MERCY is Respectful.MERCY is the Blood Tonic.MERCY is Entertainer.MERCY is Humble.MERCY pepper without fail my darling. Keep up the energy unabated.Pepper Dem. #BBNaija
How well can my #Gboard predictive text speak #Anishinaabemowin? I type: Maagizhaa {maybe} It suggests: Maagizhaa gidebwe {Maybe you speak the truth} Maagizhaa gaye wii-bizindamaan {And maybe I will listen} Maagizhaa ingoding {Maybe someday} Nibwaakaawin
JoJo is like your soundcloud mix in the morning. All great but very diverse
Spit Sponges are now available! These pad dryers have a special texture that clean the nasty gunk off of tone holes without harming the instrument. The sax size works with all saxes and the woodwind size has 2 pieces…
I can't really say anything about JoJo, I'm not even midly interested in JoJo. AoT gets better every chapter. 121 was just way too good, it completely changes the way you look at the story.
Has Logan Warmoth's AFL performance changed how he is looked at as a prospects. Also how close is Simeon Woods-Richardson to breaking in the top 100
GOAT With Gold Medals to Prove. That’s Ms. Allyson Felix, The Star Of Track & Field. She Warmed Our Hearts With Her Performances.
Nailed the golden hour selfie with one of our Stars and Cool Being  . . . . . #deputyonfox #setlife #cinematography #cinematographer #onlocation.
and the good thing is since im using this ISP that's still in beta ver, i havent received any spam message
Great point Ravi. Football is the ultimate team sport so to put win lose ratio solely on the shoulders of the QB is crazy talk. You’re only as good as you’re weakest link.
A really informative interactive explanation of different value learning methods. Seeing monte-carlo vs TD methods in action makes all the difference for interoperability. https://distill.pub/2019/paths-perspective-on-value-learning/ …
I wonder why he’s not fleeing the country with Barr... you’d think SoS could drum up an excuse easily enough....
Kicking off the stream a bit early because...I'm so ready for this! http://mixer.com/JustinGlorious http://twitch.tv/JustinGlorous #MarvelUltimateAlliance3 #MAU3
We Are Transferring Properties To Grace Mugabe..ED Sets The Record Straight https://myvideox.com/we-are-transferring-properties-to-grace-mugabe-ed-sets-the-record-straight …
Our local barista made fun of Tara for returning to Guelph for her 7th hoco and honestly it was the purest moment I had all day... how are we out of place 24 y/olds already?
im all for designer breeds, but i think the industry is getting out of hand tbh.
 I'm just one average fan ... can you use the power of your empire to systematically light mlb up on weekday 1:00 afternoon playoff games !
Teaching your s/o about natural hair stuff is cute until they get cocky why mason have the nerve to tell me I need to get some eco styler while I was putting my hair in a ponytail
In the famous words of Mel Blanc, "That's All Folks!" Enjoy the Show!! #QAnon #PainIsComing #TreasonNeverPays
Am I the only one that loves the names of the shades so much that would buy the palette even if they were all the same color?
it is literally so fucking easy to be open and honest with people you're gonna mess around whether you have, or had, a STD or STI. there's free testing clinics and tests you can buy at the store for christ sake. if you can't do that then just stay home and masturbate.
yeah, except for the metric system, giving away the Panama Canal, screwing up the hostage situation......
Went to the  store to simply purchase a new Apple Watch and they told me it would be 1 hour and 30 minutes before someone could help me... #badservice guess I’ll be sticking with my series 1 for a little longer!
Hopefully an over estimate. Boy would it be the icing on the cake though.
Both days after the con was closed she stayed way late to sign .. I think we were all shocked at just how many #Earpers were there I am sure she was too because it was insane. I told her mum she had raised an amazing human she said she is very proud and so she should be
The Clinton foundation spent money on things like HIV and Malaria in Africa. It spends 90 cents of every dollar on Charitable causes. The Trump foundation will dissolve, accused of shocking pattern of illegality. Like Trump using his foundation to buy portraits of himself.
The Speaker of the House, in consultation w/ House members, makes a determination, after learning the details of the alleged behavior, and more so, after reading the complaint itself, that an *investigation is warranted to determine if the president should be impeached.
I think that shifty had a copy of the whistle blower statement as well. I will try to find when he said that on CNN.
 how excited are you for when you next come to the UK. i know it's a shithole sometimes, full of chavs and crackheads......just avoid street corners....and Tesco. you'll be alright then
My family always celebrates Yom Kippur, real awful that your job doesn't allow you to take the day off. I'm sorry friend I didn't know you were a programmer, that's what I'm currently studying at my college too actually. I pray prosperity flows in this season for you man.
"Barr opens an investigation into the origins of the Collusion Hoax and secretly hopes foriegn governments volunteer needed information." Is that the headline you hoped to write?
,  Please tell me that the art I paid for is in the mail. I have been patiently waiting for 2 years since paying in full. I think it’s time. Today is a great day to make it happen! #OrangeShirtDay2019
Great I spent like 2 hours making a quizlet for a test and something messed it up, turning all terms into the definitions and all definitions are the same thing as the term!? Fuck man
I feel like I should see Promare simply because it’s playing at both theaters Downtown and the convenience should not be ignored.
>All of it reminded him of the Crocodile...but, obviously, this wasn’t him. Even if the man had been in disguise, it wouldn’t have hidden the truth from the vampire. Still...It was uncanny. Killian regarded her her with a scrutinising gaze that raked over her form from head to >
By God they will be thrashed in the next GE. People will not put up with this attempted coup for spurious reasons of an invented catastrophe. If they want to take over Government then hold a GE and win it.
matt is going to give me the batfam universe I deserve, I know it, I love him
okay so theres like 3.8 million of females in this world and the chance for my crush to like me is 1/3800000000 = 0.00000000026 , but how can i be so lucky sia
Your Doctor is in for Monday #allstartrek Busy start to the week, glad to be home relaxing with Trek and friends!
Practicing reading to partners-working on making sure the pictures match the words they’re reading. “I can make the words and pictures match.”
I’m honestly surprised I haven’t given the dog a deep clean.
You are thinking of the Trump Fondation. With Trump as President, the GOP can't possibly criticize Democrats, without sounding like total hypocrites
That guy with the green hair who did the interview with  was the best interview I’ve ever seen. 100% facts
Fiddleing with my discord to get my recipes to the people :)
Second Hand Lions shooting scene https://youtu.be/hjJ8QLJVB0Y via  PRAISE GOD REPENT HELL IS HOT PLEASE READ THE HOLY BIBLE AND PRAY FOR THE WAGES OF SIN IS DEATH IN JESUS CHRIST HOLY HUMBLING BLOOD NAME I PRAY BLEESINGS PEACE HALLELUJAH GLORY BE TO GOD BLESSINGS PEACE.AMEN
We're here to help, Robin. May you send us a copy of the receipt via DM and we'll take it from there? Thank you.
Ending this year strong. 91 days left of 2019 and I’m starting and will finish a 100 day workout program before the year is up.
Dear Leader, your dead-enders are waiting for the word to drink the koolaid.
In case y’all were wondering how life in the Corps was going I’m on my 6th surprise inspection today and this time it’s Alphas Previously we had Service Bravos, Camis (X2), Chucks and the PT Track Suit
Anyone else go for a jog then come home and lay the ground for like 20 minutes with the fan on full blast? I’m dying
Agreed. And not fair to the lesser sports? It’s enough that the athletes get an education and hone their skills on the field!!
     Can you point our friend Joe here to the correct department and form? It appears by recent events that hearsay can now be used to make complaints by whistleblowers. Asking for a friend.
Final hours in San Francisco today brought me to the Japanese Tea Garden and the San Francisco Botanical Garden. The most beautiful, peaceful way to end my trip
Maybe her wardrobe included a corset? So she stripped down to tights every chance she got. Trust me, wearing a corset is the worst... #CorsetHater #GetThisThingOffMe
 Buhari Gonna Retweet Joro Whenever he is Awake And Commend Our Starboy for the great job And Say to Nigeria Happy #Joro Day my fiful
Bro I thought I was the only one. Then her friends are going to say she thought you were too nice.
SQQ breath catches in his throat, he has been too concentrated to notice his husband's fluttering eyes. Relief washes away the fear and only a sense of loss remains. He wishes it would stop but he was determined to accompany Binghe where he is regardless of the cost.
hello eunsang!!! alam mo naman na bias na kita and mahal na kita since produce x days hehe i just want to say na don't give up sa mga pangarap mo and always think positive. you are the only person in the world who fulfills me. you are my other half, my best half.
I’m not endorsing Schiano, but in 40 years of Rutgers football their best season without Schiano as coach is 7 wins. He had five seasons at 8 to 11 wins. I can see why the fan base would want him back.
It’s #InternationalPodcastDay! Here’s some I love: - The British History Podcast, - Musicals with Cheese, - The Atomic Hobo, #GerryAndersonPodcast, - The Weird History Podcast, - Talking Politics.
He believed deeply in REPARATIONS and restorative justice for his people THE BLACK DESCENDANTS OF SLAVES. This does not erase or downplay his desire to help others and the world. You however disrespect his work and people by denying our indentity is the reason for our suffering.
This is completely out of line. There is nothing wrong with what Pastor Jeffress said...and he is 100% correct. With all due respect and appreciation for your service, yours is the tweet that's repugnant...admonishing our President this way.
That was super awesome. One of the best episodes ever.
This is laughable, you people are reaching for straws, here’s the fat-the president put out a transcript and admitted to trying to get help from a foreign government with help of his crazy lawyer.
the last two anime characters saved on your camera roll are the last two brain cells you have. will you be okay? hmmmmmm
With 2000 homeless people in Vancouver - Oppenheimer park aside - Councillor  wants the city to lease or buy a hotel like it did in 2014 to house some of the people living rough. Motion goes to council Tuesday. ://omny.fm/shows/steele-drex/a-hotel-for-the-homeless …
Am I the only one who works better at night, and I mean 10 pm kind of night. Homework for the next day waits until then....
my triple z blasphemous boobs? are the people ready for them?
So... Wish I would have known what happens at the beginning of IT chapter 2 before I saw it...
I urge people all over the world to boycott this Rape-istan (Hindustan) . There are much better destination for the tourist.
Love him or hate him.....  is the BEST thing that has happened to this country in 50 years. For 50 years, past Presidents have been giving our country away. President Trump is now leading our country to prosperity. Jobs, jobs, & more jobs. Opportunity zones etc.
Wow why do some people have to be so disrespectful over what should be a healthy conversation about the team we all are supposed to love. But no some people can’t come to terms with the fact they are tanking and want to lash out. #shameonyouhank
Get The Secret Recipes for Your Favorite Restaurant Dishes https://youtu.be/CVtDpY8Ifa0 via
Everything Ryan Murphy touches turns to gold......except for like the last 4 seasons of AHS......
Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall, Humpty Dumpty had a great fall; All the king's horses and all the king's men. Couldn't put Humpty Dumpty, together again.......
i need that student athlete copypasta but like the grad student version
The rules concerning trial publicity are being violated every time Rudy appears on TV on Trump's behalf, but without actual criminal proceedings and a judge to moderate, there is no one to compel Rudy to behave.
OK, Bernie leads in every category, but still listed second place; that won't change. I suggest you begin recruiting  as VP and help her get into the public discourse. Bernie might still be in second place even if he's winning (it happened last election...)
When I was in high school, I was nominated for the Who's Who Among American High School Students Book. I would imagine that your honor has just about the same amount of prestige. I mean, how many Republican women are there in the house. The answer is 13, not much competition.
It’s so cute when profs are enthusiastic and excited about the course they’re teaching
If you are now going to move to the girl,buy her food every evening, visit her everyday and text her “i love you” ...i feel lazy give you waa herh
They were planning on making a good and...bad end fandisk but considering the game doesn't have bad endings I'm curious what they'll even do with that bad end one (but I doubt it will be released soon because they're finishing their new game first)
 y’all make so much money off of us and for the past 5 years and still have the worst servers out of any game I’ve played, what are y’all doing with all of the money besides “USING IT” to recycle the same game with just a few new animations? Do better please and thank you
Von you are over the top and I love you the way you are.
Hi Michael, Grateful for the churches we have now. Bible believing,teaching and reading churches. I can mention a few  where I worship     They are all in Lagos... Would love to meet you someday.
How are you contributing to making the world a better place?
Mikan smiled and then got her backpack, opening a small section and taking out a net tiny box with pink plastic trim. Opening it she held it out to him. Small little truffles with a soft mint scent resting in the box.
SOTUS is so good. It's my ult favorite. I'm praying we get a season 2. I wish there was an official translation of the novel. Some of the fan translated are a little. Lost in translation
anyway I'm listening to fallout music rn because it's good and also because I always need new ways to drown out the sounds of sheldon and friends
Just looking over the playlist, I don't recognize the artists. I'm stupid excited. Thank You!!
The fact that her best album is charting....i love it....i love it it gives me that BUZZ
Lucinda Williams' "Down Where The Spirit Meets The Bone" released this day in 2014. “You do not know what wars are going on down there where the spirit meets the bone.”  #DownWhereTheSpiritMeetsTheBone
I’m an former executive now whistle blower for big cereal. Originally we added puffed air, Sugar Pops etc. Added prizes in the 1970’s saved us an additional 7%. In recent years we’ve pioneered the use of empty packaging. Next step, Russian bots...
Maybe the great one can assist. Since when is it illegal for the president or Secretary of State to discuss legal matters with other leaders of state, with or without a reciprocal law enforcement agreement?
Only if you believe that the fundamentals are improving.
The trick, is to act like your life is pure bliss and it becomes pure bliss.
The #CISC is well on its way with #RJC’s Benoit Boulanger (P.Eng) making the opening remarks.  #CanadianSteelConference (Sept 30 – Oct 2, Montreal, QC): https://bit.ly/2wRtWCO #SteelSolutions #WEARESTEEL #STEELWINS
it is as the reactivations are different viruses. you can still get m.e. if you take them a way lol
There are only two spots left for our Spring Art School Holiday Workshop. If you are looking for something creative for the kids to do then book now!
ICHEOKU says now that you are speaking up, the standing shall be yours; so get ready to be the nominee, okay. #TooShortieToMatter.
Vegans and the kpop community emit similar energies
Google is the place where you can find many interesting services. Google "wr1ter."
They are vague about his life. All we really know is that he lived during the Black Plague. So we have a guess to how long he's been around. Even though the dates don't work, my wife's head-cannon is when he was alive he was Keaton's character from Much Ado About Nothing.
this is that scene from elite season one where nano is rapping at the party
the tension is almost surreal i wish i had the words to describe it
When I see people with TRUMP bumper stickers I’m always like “yikes, they’re brave”! I told my mom not to get a MAGA hat because I don’t want her to get punched in the face.
Come help celebrate the cattle industry at this year's  on Oct. 10-13. This 4-day festival will have live music, carnival rides, arts & crafts, parades & much more!  #cattlefest2019 #festival #onlylouisianahttps://qoo.ly/zzz9e9
Thank you for following me and allowing me to know the beauties of Turkey .. greetings from Argentina .⚘
 are you playing zone wars rn?someone with the exact name just owned the lobby I was in lol
Seeing new GOP candidates coming out for President Trump! Love it. We need new blood to vitalize the dead wood in the dinosaurs. Looking forward to more rallies! America needs them.
Thank you  for the signed book (on one of my all-time favorite tech topics!)  Angeles, California
I’m a sucker for simplicity Nice tux, great dress Good catering, call it good. I’d rather go all out on the honeymoon
I was a diehard WWE guy in the 90s during the Monday Night War, but as you get older and your tastes mature you realize there's alot of other really good stuff out there... I kinda feel bad for people that people get comfortable believing "cookie cutter style" is the best!
You can SEE the excitement on their face when they figured out my sorting “rule” for sorting them (bows&no bows). Then they had to make their own sorting “rules” when sorting bugs together at their tables. #DemingsDarlings
the difference between scrolling through a girls tinder and a guys is INSANE! boys get literal super models and and all we get it like idk boys with 3 teeth and baby daddies
Listening to cicadas and crickets to calm my nerves from news of the day.
Not sure. I know that  has the DVDs out already. They might be able to help!
I really can't get everything I want to across with Twitter's character limits without spamming. Try the game tomorrow and see what you think. It's a world of space magic and mystery with an awesome community (and community managers). Casual or hardcore, there's a place for you.
Grateful for all your service in the Military and as a First Responder!!!
The have a document called “the urgent need for anti-racist education” but I can’t get it to load. Probably for the best.
The first Yo-kai Watch might count for this 2 and 3 have a lot to do after the main game, but YW only had one dungeon, 4 bosses (maybe 5), and some yo-kai you could have a chance at befriending via certain qr codes. That and befriending everyone, but that's....difficult.
hi can someone pls help me find a dc werq the world m&g ticket!!!
A second dose of MMR II was also introduced to the vaccination schedule for children born in 1988 and later. The third changepoint corresponds to the approval of human fetal cell produced Varivax (chickenpox) in 1995 (See figure below).
PLAYERS PLEASE READ! NOT SAYING Parker! A lot of kids play like nothing is ever going 2 happen. Some even think that talent out ways grades.THIS IS A PERFECT EXAMPLE OF Y U GET IT DONE N THE CLASSROOM 1st BC U NEVER KNOW WHEN YOUR LAST PLAY IS REALLY GOING 2 B YOUR LAST PLAY!
I remember being PISSED after I heard the story. I'll see if I can track it down to confirm, but I'm pretty sure that's what he said to her.
Procrastination plus 5 different teachers giving you assignments within the same due dates!!
The cowboy is surely a Republican, because look at how he reacts to crime. He bravely steps in and saves lives.
Congratulations to all of the  #womeinlaw finalists! Great to see so many of our clients on the list! https://www.lawyersweekly.com.au/women-in-law/2019-finalists …
 - council just approved $22.5 m for design work for Arts Common. I guesstimate $10 m to upgrade ALL existing CTrain ped xings with accessible & safe crossing arms. I hope they at least become standard for the Green Line. It's nearly 2020, not the 1980s
For those who like the wibbly-wobbly, timey-wimey stuff... #ATimeTravelersTheoryofRelativity is out tomorrow 10/1. #booklaunch Highly recommended by 4 out of 5 time travelers.
Mark. Any comments from the team about bringing back Michel ,Thurman or other ex Stamps ? We need some help. Thanks
Did not expect to be able to attend the nycomiccon ! Just won a ticket to a night with... wait for it...  and the premier of #Servant. Could not be more excited if I tried! Brilliant man. Many…
I feel like I should clarify not all stans, just the disrespectful ones
Yeah we all love that too but at the same time we want to see
Hope Alexa wins tonight against the boss if not I will scream loud
I'd gladly watch you not get paid to get hit by a 300lb linebacker. Go make a video right now so I can laugh for the rest of my life.
"Hugs u" you ScrubbyMarvell is the best mom a son could ever ask for #starleafbot
all of it goes to food lol but i think ive mastered cooking for the week
What the hell? No. One of her best friends told me.
Kind of a dog of a #MNF game tonight but I'll still make a pick as a lot of people count on my clairvoyance. The Bengals weak O-Line won't stand a chance against the Steelers defensive front. As a result, Pittsburgh wins tonight and it won't be particularly close. #CINvsPIT
Hajsjjssjjaksksks I think it's the first time I use it, it was the perfect moment
 gonna borrow that phrase of yours: "from the desire of being retweeted, deliver us, oh Lord!"
like she'll look at me to see if i've gotten ready and i'll lift my feet into the air to show her that i've got my shoes on and she'll nod understandingly i'm just a weird human being but my mum deals with it :))
I was very optimistic watching Emery's side last season than this season and all these started about the last 10 game of last season which even prevented us from making top 4. He's such a crap manager. 18 months in a job and u still cant figure out your best XI
I think we should give up He's not worth the trouble
Y'all! I got an A on my essay in 日本語 which is very good. I feel the relief of 17 elephants
Haha! I know what you mean. I had to stop myself. The rum
NOW PLAYING ON AZ100 - "YOSEMITE - Travis Scott ft. Gunna" - NOTHING BUT THE HITZ - GET THE APP
 already won my match. Put Vance in the IR and stashing Diontae Johnson. I'm not sure I buy Eifert going off next week based on current usage
I just have to say a few months ago I was wondering the same about JFK. Don't want to mislead or get anybody's hopes up but I'm an old public servant who has had walk up to me that had a head shot,& Converse. If JFK made it in the right hands it is possible he could have survived
4/ “I would teach children music, physics, and philosophy; but most importantly music, for the patterns in music and all the arts are the keys to learning” — Plato
hogwarts au where tzuyu and elkie are dating, tzuyu sees the mirror one night while she's patrolling, sees her and elkie in the mirror. satisfied, she starts to walk away, only to turn back and realize that the mirror has changed and is now showing chaeyoung ( )
This is without question the most hilarious exchange I have seen on twitter since I started using it.
Ideal it’s Brad Peacock in the World Series. Ride him all the way in relief. Otherwise Hudson is there.
To Err on the Side of Love https://www.lafirstumc.org/blog/2019/9/30/to-err-on-the-side-of-love …
#walkaway is real and helpful to the lost millions in America!
Also, heard on Lou Dobbs that the CIA Analyst sent to the White House to spy on President Trump filed his report to the IC with the "first hand" box checked on the form however, his statement shows only "second hand" gossip at the water cooler information!!! How Strange!
DOM is asking for their RoE to jump from 9.2% to 10.75% to pay for their gas pipelines. Arizona has explored aligning RoE on whether the monopoly utility engages in political contributions. https://www.azmirror.com/2019/09/04/commissioners-grill-aps-head-brandt-over-political-spending-customer-death/ …
I respect that others do not believe what I believe. But nothing he speaker does will ever be good. If she blasted the inquiries say 1, she'd have failed. Bc the gop has successfully bamboozled the media & the public. She waited until a separate issue presented itself to avoid...
Hope the little fellow makes it.  knew you would appreciate this guy helping.
Deep in the costuming process for Mamma Mia... We're clearly super focused.
Girl hit me up! Ian is down in Daytona now and I’m by myself till the end of October. So you are welcome to stop by
I really wish I had the $3000 for my cat to get the surgery she needs...I can’t believe I’m going to have to say goodbye to her so soon because of money
No  games tonight, so here’s some stray footage from the past 2 weeks. First up is the big, strong Seth Beer showing off his easy power in BP
Tonight we say farewell to my favorite show “Illuminations: Reflections of Earth.” Thank you EPCOT for all the memories over all these years. You will be missed but we go on.....
The OA isn't a movie, but it feels like one when you watch it. And yes, I cry when I see it. It really makes its way into my heart and soul.
So what? Democrats have done their best to make then lines go where conservative votes do the least good. They have been at it for a long time. You need to stop watching CNN. American people are behind Trump.
i really wanna go to the perry fair , i go every year and i missed it the last 2 years
I think I have brought this point up at least 5 times that her saying to apple to pay artists for streams. It wasn’t if they were small btw. It was to pay artists for people using the free trial. I thought you should know btw :)
Glad to see this. A referendum before an election very much feels like the right way around.
So excited to be partnering with Miami Super Bowl and the  to set and meet ambitious goals like this!!! #teamocean
Thanks! I’ve been struggling to understand what the big deal is.
I definitely wonder what a day in the life of adamschefter is like. I always say when breaking news comes from him I know it’s true. Anyone who knows me knows how much I love my sports… https://www.instagram.com/p/B3Dfs_ehr7jgbF64FOXLCca-P0lw26wc3KLq480/?igshid=1etnz34urbcq1 …
So you choose to support the people that are going to doxx my cousin and desperately want to doxx me. Got it. You gotta be you I guess.
NBC News: Republicans who back impeachment can save the country — and the GOP. https://www.nbcnews.com/think/opinion/republicans-who-back-impeachment-can-save-country-gop-ncna1059896 … via
That's the best thing about traveling, all the tasty food! Good thing you're down here when tourism is at its lowest, and the Food & Wine festival is currently going on at EPCOT! If you guys plan on doing anything outside of the parks, I have all sorts of recommendations!
Sure, nothing to see here. Better get back to draining the swamp.
I love how all of the data trump tweets out is from brazenly biased sources...
My pitching plan would be nobody but Max, Stras, Doo, Hudson and Corbin (in a pinch.) Max goes until his first AB after the fifth. If he gets in trouble in like the 6th, Doo relieves. Stras gets a clean inning and goes like two.
Here's a hot take. All 3 movies are average at best. JW is like super overrated imo. But if I had to pick one movie from the three, I'd pick the first I guess.
The primary lesson of the last four years? Reform the intelligence community.
Working on the score for episode 2 over the coming days. The first draft sounds insanely good!  has really evolved since episode 1. To help support our new webseries visit:https://www.patreon.com/Ewinzilla
*frantically looking up school calendar* is the long weekend this weekend or the next one oh god
as a TA i listen to so many people treat the undergraduates as if it's a huge dating pool... just don't. that's nasty. your classroom is your workplace it's not where you go to find love. if a student shows interest in you be professional! if the student asks you out AFTER being-
tfw you try to own someone but you are illiterate and think Jesus was an Arab because that's what people in the Middle East are or something like that
no fr tho the only time merle dislikes people is when he thinks theyll replace him but he is always nice to them? truly a cleric
me: *does 5 perfect back sets in a row* my coach: ... me: messes up one but it still goes to someone my coach: yOu gUys cAnT dO bAcKsEts alL tHe tImE tHeY aRe inConSisTenT
Haha like the Adderall huffing, syphilitic bag of goo is going to be able to hold up until then.
I think so. If people think I have the skills for it. :D
Wish you a many many happy returns of the day. May Allah bless you with health, wealth and prosperity in your life HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU.
the way i was feeling ugly n you guys made me feel pretty
In the entire circle of the year there are no days so delightful as those of a fine October. Wishing all my friends a very happy October, the start of six pleasant months in Northern India Good morning
The Best Part of this  #KAG2020 #KAG #WakeUpAmerica #WalkAwayFromDemocrats #WalkAway #MAGA2020 #DemocratsAreDestroyingAmerica #DemocratsHaveLostTheirDamnMinds #Trump2020
I’ve seen more black businesses now than I’ve ever seen before. But the lack of support doesn’t match. That’s why I make it my business to support any black business especially from my city!
MJ who love to mock the President and anyone who supports him haven't mocked Adam Schiff. That tells you all you need to know. Guess they think it's normal behaviour.
And AGAIN- please read the Dem platform & Dem legislation & Dem policy. All evidence that debunks your claims regarding Dem border security. Research the House bills siting on 's desk.
I’ve got #Nationals winning the #NLWildCard on TBS.
And, you don't technically need them if you're depressed? Unless you're seeing your Great Aunt Sally, maybe let the doctor decide what you should take...
Tu decides en que color quieres reventar la sesión #incolor #angerroom #colores #luces #TheSmashClub #blue #monterrey #diferente #unico #divertido #fun #cardio #profesional #dondeirmty2 en The Smash Club
Interesting behind the scenes of 's buyout of rival  which had high acquisition cost but incredible LTV as a result of fanatical customer service #ecommerce #retailhttps://www.wsj.com/articles/how-petsmart-swallowed-chewyand-proved-the-doubters-wrong-11569858310 …
Hey  ... Nice steak burrito I have here. Where's the steak!?
When asked about public schools, DeBoer said it is true that they need our support. The HPS need to tell its stories of success. #HollandMayorForum
Every girl I start to like lately hits me with the “I’m just trying to focus on myself right now” or they want to get married like now lol neither one of those work for me.
And of course the greatest mascot ever  #BullsNation
❝Oh, I wouldn’t tempt me like that. I’m twice the hand full when I’ve had one too much. Mix that with Kree blood and it’s definitely a throw back to my one year of college.❞
aww gee thanks so much I appreciate the shout out. #formativechat
Still on #ghettolove though and #Joro Came true like a frigging thunder strike Can't stop the vibes . I need your grace......  nice hit once again ........
Loved watching this - for many reasons - who wouldn’t want to work with Georgina or be a child at her school? But mainly I loved it because the last time I saw  was back in the 80’s when we were both studying for our BEd at WLIHE!
The Chinese have long been guilty of intellectual and copyright piracy but not of screwing over our farmers. In fact, they have kept many of these (hopefully no longer) Trump supporters in business for years.
I've already asked you but you decided to ignore my question! What are you going to do if Trump wins the 2020 election??
It’s crazy cause the media were the ones who build Steph and the warriors as these unbeatable monsters and now just a few years later, nobody in the media even think they can make the finals when they are asked their favorites, even tho it’s the same team
It’s got the 1e classes, including the ones from UA. It has (I think) the best version of the bard. Among more modern things—attribute checks. As in newer D&D, you’re rolling to beat a number that represents difficulty, rather than rolling under your score, as in older versions.
There’s something you’ve been putting off, most likely concerning someone you are around often. It’s time to just do it. What comes with doing this will be a blessing, and any anxiety surrounding this will be easily pushed to the side. Be true to who you are and what you want.
OMG GUESS WHAT I ACTUALLY DREAMT OF CHAN PEEKING AT MY DOOR AND WHISPERING, "Like mate, stop procrastinating." OMG I AM CRYING AND LAUGHING AT THE SAME TIME SJSJSKSKSKSK I CANT HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Let Nykell drive my car a few times now she hit the corners like Dale Earnhardt Jr
Fam, this ain’t it. What’s the point of free education for people who don’t have resources to make sure we they survive to make it to college? Kids are showing up to school hungry and dealing with poor living conditions NOW.
Not to bash him bc I love him honestly. But it’s actually Normal IQ if you a football player. But I loved him checking the reporter like “listen nigga, this what I do... it’s harder than u think” lol
Yo we had the best stream ever on YT today guys we averaged 12-15 viewers the whole stream and had 10 noti gang shoutout to          and many others gained 11 subs in 1hr
Beauty by the sea. #DragonQuestXIS #DQXIS #NintendoSwitch
So glad for Monday night football ... whew! Somebody else take the heat
21st corner in catches allowed. Kid isn't having a bad season so far. Don't get the hate when Fuller has looked downright awful from camp into the season
Happy 59th Anniversary of Independence, #Nigeria it hasn't been smooth, everyday the valley seems to what deeper, like we've never made any attempt to climb to the mountain top We all know nothing good comes easy. Let's keep pushing, well get there soon! #iLoveNigeria
My grandfather played tennis in college in the 1920s. He told me that he and his teammates debated whether the school should provide meal money on road trips and whether it would impact amateur status.
Rumors are this garbage can would start at qb on Sunday for the redskins per Grudens last wish as coach
if this clip doesn’t appear at least once in UNCUT GEMS, i’m not sure i can write a positive review. (kidding, the movie is gonna be a thrill)
miss my friends wonder if it’ll ever be the same again
Pairing the amazing Genie Francis and Michael E. Knight together! Soap veterans.
/ giving it to a girl and her saying "i really liked it except for the womp womp music at the end" which was PL...sad day for a young trey
I wish I hadn’t seen that Stranger Things teaser because I need the new season to start like now.
I must admit this is unraveling a lot faster than I thought it would. I will give it to the end of next week. :) Then it may be party time
i dont think u drop a nuke on kids if ure "winning" al$o s/o 2 the human being u digg
Does anyone truly believe you have the mental and emotional capacity and the physical ability to be president, Bolshevik Bernie? Breadline Bernie? Bent over Bernie? Osteoporotic Bernie?
I feel like we all just need to realize a phone works both ways, and I'm guilty myself of shutting down and going ghost on my loved ones. But what happens if you and your friend both go "I'll just wait for them to text first" and then you both end up getting the wrong idea.
I think Biden would be a fine and sensible President,he would make our alliance strong again I think that if Trump wins again (quite possible) then that seriously could be the end of the United States being the dominate superpower in the world.
It is amazing how fast Winston went from trash to cash or is it . Bruce Arians is the man . This is 100% proof of how big a deal the right head Coach is .
I only go there now to see and laugh at the Hack-o-Rama . . . how the mighty have fallen
Bad throw to the end zone to Cobb. Taking a crucial sack at the end of the game. That least offensive series before the panic drive was just a lifeless 3 and out. He is not the sole blame by any means but he had a hand in it.
“Into the Unknown” is going to be the new “Let it Go”... I don’t know if I’m ready for that. #Frozen2 #Frozen
Totally not his, but she probably wears it better than the original owner.
 they may as well bring Alex Jones onto the team now.
 Any information on the WWE visits this week? is there a meeting place and time if you want to attend?
If you follow the ball closely and have adequate spatial perception you will notice that the path the ball is on is disrupted ever so slightly by contact with the player in front which takes it away from his head.
I’m just grappling with the word “suggest.” I’m just wrestling with the word “infer.” I’m just playing rope-a-dope with the word deduce.” I’m just gamahuching the word “meaning.”
Not really. As I said barzal is better at pretty much every stat than Hischier. Your the one ignoring them
of The #NerveDJs Now Playing Micca  - Mamma On  The Music Movaz! Get Your Song in Rotation call Today
Whenever we play the world, we play our selves, because we bubble back through. ~ Others aren't really others, - so much as other versions of you. ~ So, leave what you wish to come back to, as someone unrelated and brand new, because this is what's true.
How dang cool is it to have Rudolph and Washington starting for the  on #MNF?! #okstate
given Canada is one of the worlds coldest countries could this warmup be construed as positive to anyone capable of thinking objectively?
Yes. The man proved he just 100% wanted more money. Nothing against teammates or the organization. AB is (trying) to rip JuJu. Bell post texts of encouragement between him and James. Dude should be all made with Steeler Nation (for the most part)
The history of wicca gets, uhhh, interesting... lol
Hey Everyone, I am Rupert. I was found wandering the streets and wound up in the shelter. Despite being loud and crowded, I was sweet and my foster mommy knew it. When she came to get me, being on a leash and inside…
Students used our vertical learning spaces for the first time in science to help increase engagement and collaboration.
Take a listen to this week’s  to hear about the importance of having the proper insurance coverage!
Bom Fact #10: Out of 2NE1, she has the most number of fans in her individual fancafe in Korea and Japan!
I love my sister for turning me on to this. , think of the laughter we’d be having in our cubicle right now.
Here's the track we're playing now. Tune in ://mysticbroadcast.net ! New Paradigm Films - PC-The Day Before Disclosure (YouTube Excerpt)
agreed! and sitting beside  last year at the Vancouver Writer's Festival I was so nervous and all I wanted to do was ask for a pen and paper to write down everything he was saying!
simple dates are the best pag sabay nimo imong favorite person.
Wow one of my fave looks on you ever. This color! The blazer! I love
all i want from goose game is a recoloring of the goose into a canadian goose i'd buy the whole game again
Crickets from #Trudeau and liberals today, and why when their little dust up of Menzies is the news. Trudeau apologized to  ? This whole thing smells like a setup. Must not be going well in Ont for #TrudeauMustGo
Toy Bayonet (オモチャの銃剣 Omocha no Jūken) During her fight with Tonkyun, Eruna brings out a new ability, Toy Bayonet, to win the match. It allows her to summon a --
I know you dislike trump, but shouldn’t you be happy how much better everything is, meaning everything, I wish he wouldn’t tweet so much, but look at stuff across the board
Didn't sound sarcastic to me. Besides, you're the one that started with "don't ship Emilia with Kit" and implying to ship with someone else.
All you've EVER done is criticize people who have money and tell them how the government (ie YOU) could spend it better. You must be the least self aware 78 year old man in America .
He goes on Foxnews & yaps all the time. There is no fucking "privilege" I hope  dusted out the #CongressionalHoosgow for these asshole! b/c they are gonna need it ASAP!! #LOCKTHEMUP! #Trump #BARR #Guliani #Pompeo!
Tbf it was few and far between but the only people who said anything about baofu if at all were like that it was funny
The deep state is targeting Barr (again... yawn). Good thing honey badger don't take no shit! Barr seems to still be doing what we hoped he would... investigating the "investigators". Good! This is still awesome!
What a match up that will be too the United States military against Trump Army...oh yeah contrary to what you believe the military belongs to the American people...not YOU!
Remember when Autumn was cold? When the leaves were bright orange, red and yellow?
Seems he gets excited sometimes, wants to share with those of us who actually care, but only for certain tweet&deletes. Some seem to be edits. Then there are the ones like "the boss man" - I researched that one, think it might've been changed cuz it can be figured out oops
Lol the classic "I'm not antisemitic I just have questions about the jews"
If you go the “About” tab in the top nav, there is a page with a link to download
 sir, a humble request: Please read the tweets of  and decide whether he deserves your follow... You may please unfollow him. कुछ भी लिखता है ये। क्योंकि जब तक हम ऐसे बेवकूफों को भाव देंगे इनके हौंसले बढ़ते रहेंगे। धन्यवाद।
Ok, before we dive into numbers again - what alternatives have you been exploring from the other candidates?
Hey thanks to Australia for being such a great and loyal friend to the American people. Wow, one would hope they would have spoken up, but I guess not. Now they're on the same level as Ukraine???
Trump: Farmers need to know that no matter how long this lasts, it will all be OK. Sure, you’ll be homeless and bankrupt, but the Trump family will be richer than ever.
rich celebrities aren’t the problem, especially ones who practice what they preach like billie and woody. y’all really be coming for the wrong people lmao. take accountability for the things you do and the companies you support, that’s all.
Eww i dont have wag ka paligo mghilamos ng sabon thats the tip.
can’t tell if i’m ready for all the content tomorrow or not
Cargo shorts are perfectly fine. Y’all need to calm down.
Best record in the league 59-23 ...top 5 defense...top 8 offense ...Conley finally gets his all-star nod
e-shelter is excited to announce that we are now part of the Global Data Centers division of NTT. We will continue to post and engage with you here about our European data center operations and will let you know of further developments. For now, business as usual! #HelloNTT
It’s OD different with ‘em bro. Graphics wise, I love my 43” 4K, but the monitor gives you an upper hand on refresh rate. Your Fortnite friends will appreciate it and you’ll see an IMMEDIATE difference.
I’m like the only person who likes anime that hates Black Clover .
my dad heard me complain about how I'm the only one that never gets letters in the mail while I'm in greeley so he sent me one and it made my day :)
LMAO! Considering the source, I would expect nothing less.
Keep it up!! False equivalency and gaslighting the American people isn’t right. Thanks for speaking up.
Kanye's earliest and most ardent fans don't buy into anything he says or does these days, regardless of what the topic might be. I dunno what the folks in your radius are saying, but Kanye's credibility is damaged most with people who played Jesus Walks from day one.
Great tweet. But, Trump males have cravenly avoided military uniforms for three generations. Grandpa Drumpf was deported from the German Fatherland for avoiding military service. He was not allowed to return. Cowardice is in Trump's genes.
The plot and surrounding mystery is quite good and worth the watch. Many other games and anime took their inspiration from Yu-No, including Steins Gate.
I can't wait for the eventual SJW Civil War. It's gonna be great!
At the drive-in (?) *Found it like this after the kids went to bed.
Teej has been shadowbanned by the libtard twitter algorithm for being brave enough to post this avi
Sorry this is a cross you have to bare. Hope you find peace. All the best to you.
Of course not im waiting for you silly come on let’s go *leaves and goes to the kitchen* #HarryStyles #TheStyleStar #PCAs
No disrespect to the blue Dorito bag, but if you pick the red Doritos bag we’re automatically best friends
❬❬❬ Next Level Relationships ❬❬❬ THE BEST NIGHT OF THE WEEK is almost here! Come and join us for week 4 of our series Next Level, but don’t come alone! You never know what one invite could do. #ItStartsWithYou WEDNESDAY NIGHTS || 7 PM #BTstudents
Mike is now warming up in the bullpen and Karen is measuring for new draperies for the East Wing office.
Feel free to ignore the subpoena. I'm sure the Dems would love to make an example of you.
Fair play. Yes, that would be nice. Why don’t you wake up to the violence. That is not fair play.
cant tell if the noise is my fan overcompensating for google chrome CPU use or maybe my brain
huge shout out to frida for always inspiring me to better myself and the environment we live in!!!!!!!
If you have to cover your face u dont have any balls!! Real Men and Women don't hide they serve and protect too which justifies the lone wolf helping the elderly lady across. The rest should be ashamed. I'd slap their momma for raising such loosers.
Thank you for standing is solidarity with the people fighting for our voices to be heard. #Bernie2020 #NotMeUs #NoMiddleGround #PeoplesPlatform
I have not been drinking the past 2 weeks. Proud of me.
If you ever get a chance, get the giant costco brand version they sell. Tastes a lot better!
The superficiality and feebleness of our faith and ministry all come from having so little real contact with God.
I’m gonna be like Julius and make a thread of my progress in the gym again
To be fair. We were given advance notice that the federal trial was going to be that long. We had a special summons for that specific case. The day I showed up, they took all of us ‘special’ people separately from the rest of the pool.
I want the Mets to win the World Series, but Cano laziness is contiguous. Because of him the Mariners didn’t make it to the playoff & got the team on a hole.
I really hope you don't eat the Red Lobster in Times Square
Hayley Ashton with the best face I’ve ever seen  SS20!
 please can you please fix the strange issue with rtc no connection constantly occuring at seemingly random intervals? it's making it super hard to communicate with my teammates
Yeah. I lived it and it was truly the worst called game I’ve ever seen. There was a clear agenda for the Marlins that season.
It puts you against people that's also on the emulator but how tf are you playing it's still not available
Just that one or like all of them? Hmm cool. Good to know. Thanks for the swift reply Matt.
Do you have any take on the quality of LV’s line up tonight ? Sounds like Bears brought a pretty solid squad...
That's a weak and communist argument. Improve security and make sure the FBI and BSO do their job. Thank you
She can post all the pictures she wants but if she wants to use someone else's art to market herself she should be prepared to deal with the aftermath. If she wants to call herself a diplomat she's made herself political.
The implementation of the Parent Engagement Liaisons, the Secondary Engagement Liaisons, and now #OCPS_PFE chats brings much joy to my heart with the direction of the program since its inception! #ocpschats
Actually, it's more like 'we stand BEHIND President Trump so we can kick him (in the ass) out of office.'
Blessings RT : COLD FRONT ALERT: Cold air has moved into Canada and the northern Rockies (dumping 4 feet of snow in Montana!) Computers are suggesting that we (yes, we here in Houston) could, possibly, actually see a real cold front early NEXT week.
A local BRD played the chocobo theme Ricky we peaked
Watch #joro by  perfect independence gift from the star boy himself https://youtu.be/FCUk7rIBBAE
It was awesome to see about 15 students from my dorm at the event. Bernie praised their generation for being progressive and implored them to be active in politics as there will be many people with far more money and influence also involved
God placed you in my life right when I needed you the most
Could give it to a scene in just about any holocaust movie. The choice in Sophie’s Choice, the ending of Life Is Beautiful, the 2nd appearance of girl in the red coat in Schindler’s List.
Oooooh, the seldom seen Canadian backhanded compliment
Lilith grinned and just continued to pet the girl’s head She enjoyed their time together a lot
More than happy where I am at in my career and the fact I get to be a fan and watch my friends on Wednesdays is awesome.
wym ? we were undefeated and y’all said we played the 3 worst teams but last time i checked NY also 2-2 , washington was up 20 and blew it and y’all lost to the 25th ranked falcons . they only win is against y’all !!
For the good of Pro Wrestling in the US I hope all shows are entertaining and draw big numbers. Especially the AEW premiere and SD Fox debut. Those 2 feel the most important.
You’re really going to turn down the sale of a loaf of bread to someone in need? Not to mention the owners are tyrants. You’re really doing a fair job socially policing and constructing your clientele aren’t you?
That's true. That's a good thing but I don't think the Suits care about that honestly
We continued working on patterns but we are also beginning working on numbers and making numbers in different ways. Today we learned about the number #bergerluffkindies #numbers #numberpatterns
“(The BioCharger) is a biohacking tool I’ve had my eye on for a long time. I finally manifested it a few months back. It uses a combination of powerful energies like #PEMF, #rifefrequencies, #noblegases and a…
I WAS ALREADY AT THE TOP BUT I FELL!!!!!!!! #SuperMarioOdyssey #NintendoSwitch
Pompeo again shows he is not doing his job as Sec of State but is nothing more than a Tea Party political hack. He himself was on the call.
Yes, the author’s credential pretty informative. Nice he has an “honorary degree”. Pfizer shill critiquing Healy. Laughable.
First things first. He can aim to be the second most popular host of the three on the show he’s on. Small steps.
i dont eat 3000 calories lmao but i dont need to. i probably eat around 1800 a day some things to note: i live in rural missouri where the cost of living is very cheap, and also i don't eat much and usually eat similar things every day. im not typical by any means.
fr tho. i mean damn...for the whole season?! definitely gettin outta hand. might as well not even play tackle no more. nfl boutta be #twohandtouch soon #SMFH  #raiders #raidernation
It is same in all the countries, I think. And I don't think it's bad.
#RamMandir is going to be built on the strength of those Ram sevak who peacefully lead silent revolution & sacrificed life for the cause, present hearing & it is high time that each shall be awarded Rs.1 caror as compensation by #VHP or Gov #AmitShah #rajnathsingh #NarendraModi
On page 122 of 304 of The Innocents, by Michael Crummey
Why is  in the transcripts and why is he looking for a server? Play smoke and mirrors all you want
Its not so bad i guess! Keeps me spicy. I'm a night chart so mars is a little bit more helpful. I'm much more concerned about keeping my moon-saturn square managed, considering the whole sect light vs sect malefic deal. or the 1H ruler vs 7H ruler deal
I'm a hetero-sapiosexual(special emphasis on the hetero part). There's nothing more important than intelligence. Ever had a conversation with a bozo? No depth.
Praying for you in your new venture, Julianna! "Behold, I will do a new thing; now it shall spring forth; shall ye not know it? I will even make a way in the wilderness, and rivers in the desert." Isaiah 43:19
Come and see what all the excitement is about... Bandorama at Landis field!!!
The Nationals have their wildcard game tomorrow. One can teach in a Nationals hat tomorrow, right? Asking for a friend, of course.
Proud to stand with my colleagues at Justice Canada today to remember and honour survivors, victims and the families of those who attended residential schools.
Cancer. but we are fatefully paired. Its a love hat relationship for sure. there's like 2 cancers that make me forget they are cancers everyday . But the rest of them?!?! helll naw. I almost dismiss a cancer on sight. I'm tired of attracted them in general,not even speaking male
Hahaha respect ya but his already done more then the last guy did in 8 years.That guy was on like his 846 vacation by now.
This is an improvement from earlier in the semester when I learned what a keyboard is
i chase sunsets in my alone time something peaceful about the sky at its most vulnerable
The type of confidence I have is immeasurable. I don't have to bring down the next female to make myself feel like that bitch.
I'd love to see Y'all Qaeda get demolished by the US military that's a war I could get my tax dollars behind
When Nixon was impeached, he was pardoned, all was forgiven, Congress put a few constraints in place and we all moved on. We did that after Bush stole the Presidency from Gore. We (Democrats) do that for the sake of our country. I don’t think we can do that this time.
Is it the policy of International Association of Athletics Federations 2b what is effectively up skirting? ://www.news.com.au/sport/more-sports/female-athletes-protest-new-cameras-in-starting-blocks/news-story/f7b1d9bcab68d3a4934030a4199f57d4 …
You are not alone  The clock is ticking $DCGD #GRNHOLDING
For the record, I watch Nick's show. I liked what you had to say when you were on. You seem like a pretty good guy, but I'd urge you to practice a little of the same open-mindedness that Nick has when HE makes a judgement.
Embrace our differences. We are the land of the melting pot of immigrants. We are the land of dreams. Everyone has human rights., every one. Let us do more than tolerate our differences. Let's embrace them.
Nice. I have my tickets for the kstate game already. I’m in section 8.
"Managed Incentive" is a necessary component of any organization. Free men (by their own character) need not rely on a central mediator to negotiate value. Let's not forget the teleological component in all of this: there is a purpose behind every transaction.
oh man I don’t recommend following him I just recommend searching and watching. don’t give him the follow.
It's not our fault that he made the eventual Kurapika/Tserriednich clash the most anticipated since Guts/Griffith.
You’ll have to try a lil harder. even better, Don’t try at all! Try doing other things. So many investigations, so much time... and always turning up nothing. Idk if u know, but between us there’s an election coming. Let’s try winning that! Let’s do it the American way. #vote
OH MY HOD THANK GOU SO MUCH FOR ONE OF THE MOST EPIC VOCALOID SONGS EVER
Seeing Jim's reaction on those calls makes my day, love the pure joy! We're with you Jimmy! #Browns
Officially have 3 of 4 chapters in the hands of my dissertation committee and chapter 4 is well on its way. The work keeps coming but I think now is time for wine and TV with Abuela
LIVE NOW Ninjaboss ACTIVATED! Apex shinanagins on the last day of season 2. READY FOR SEASON 3!! #zexie     ://dlive.tv/RhinoT1d
Jack and Jennifer kissing with Tom and Alice's picture behind them. This is what I love about this show. The history. I remember watching Jack and Jennifer fall in love the first time. This show has been a part of my life for as long as I can remember. #DaysofOurLives #Days
Why does it look like she is enjoying the public scrunity? Parang gusto gusto niya ng atensyon. May balak ata mag politiko to. Nakoooo
Listen the best pop rock disco music np Good Song by Blur on http://bit.ly/2YeTA1Z
So much for someone fresh and new. These dinosaurs have been around since the Jurassic period. Easy landslide for Trump
   this is a halo idea i came up with called glowing spiders.I would love for it to be in the halloween update. #royalehigh #halo #Halloween
i have the best idea for a poem and i need to write it before i lose it
Stop by the Blog to Find this Halloween Party Favorite! This #Easy Monster Brownie Pudding Cups #Recipe is Going to Be Your New Halloween Go-To! GRAB THE RECIPE: http://bit.ly/2y51cKf #Halloween #HalloweenParty #Monster #HalloweenRecipe #Favorites #Brownies #Pudding
excuse me while i try to cry myself to sleep hoping that anything good will happen in the trio today
Apple as a brand has built its reputation on innovative tech & design, I still use a Mac but since Steve Jobs the brand has taken a different turn & instead of leading their are slowly falling back. Trump tried slowing down the competition for them by banning them worldwide
it feels so good when you finally find the strenth to quit a toxic ass job.
You know it was good when the commentator says “that was sick”
I understand that nandos is the superior food product but that shepsal is great
He has an insta! But he has a new routine! What if the new routine is why his GAA was like 0.84 in the preseason???
You keep using the term "stans" like they're the only ones who don't believe this crap... They aren't. People who aren't even fans of MJ don't believe it either. Widen your scope and actually look at all the facts, not just what you're told by a biast film with no facts.
No Hoseok, thank you for creating. You have been given a platform to use your voice and change the lives of so many, and you have done that with compete perfection and excellency. We are just only one small part that makes you such an amazing person. And for it, I love you
Hillary thinks Biden is gone. Democrat party Will nominate her. President Trump will be impeached. Hillary thinks she will waltz into the White House. That’s the Democrat plan
Not all is lost. Reading the comments to the video. I think this will cost the CPC a lot votes. Please share. The CPC could care less about your Charter Rights. What do you think they’ll do if they take power... They’ll do a Trudeau & sell you out to the Globalists...
Hmmm I don't think he's the better boxer. I think it's pretty even but Nate's boxing has been more consistently a strength through his career.
It's just like milk that's been in the fridge a while...you just gotta take a sniff.
‘Twas the night before the BEST FUCKIN MONTH IN THE DAMN CALENDAR
The horse lays in and she’s not strong enough with the left hand.
WHO TOOK THE POLL. LIKE OUT OF TWO PEOPLE. ONE OF THEM BEING U AND UR ALTER EGO.
Yeah. Murphy's law is at work. I have to be careful touching the side of my phone so it doesn't cut me. I was warming food when the microwave went bad. Good thing I could put it in the air fryer.
the amazonian tribes are doing the same thing as the brazilian corporate/state apparatus, which is also white and western, got it i clearly shouldn't even try
Well, that's the final nail in never playing Borderlands 3. The first was when my wife bailed on coop. Second when they went crapic store exclusive. https://www.pcgamer.com/voice-actor-troy-baker-claims-gearbox-refused-union-talent-for-borderlands-3/ …https://www.pcgamer.com/voice-actor-troy-baker-claims-gearbox-refused-union-talent-for-borderlands-3/ …
Yes I loved seeing Chris even if his time in the episode was like less than ten minutes.
You going for southern homecoming?? And it’s the end of the month, like the first weekend in November!
Is it like the NRA convention? Texas is open carry. Will they be banned there? They aren't kept out of schools but the gun lovers sure don't want them at their rallies....
You do realize your just the fucking entertainment right.
And if all others accepted the lie which the Party imposed—if all records told the same tale—then the lie passed into history and became truth.
  oh so you playing that good type of aRe & Bee...I’mma walk up to your DJ booth and request summer rain or woke up in the morning and if I have to tell you the artist “give yourself a gas face”
Yeah its absurd to have a show based in Austin not filming in Austin & some pretty big names to be in the show
IG : noraponse " Last weekend at the premiere of @.instinctfilmnl (..a true masterpiece!) Wearing this wonderful piece of fashion designed by @.claesiversen " SEPTEMBER 27,2019 --- ดีมากค่ะชิโก้ เวลานั่งต้องปลดกระดุมสูทนะคะ :D
Benevolent the curvature of her grin, Eva neared him; purring a greeting. "You're very bold for not looking away."
"I only accept cash love, if you dont have it, u can pay with the other way"
Suns jerseys looks very sharp. Also a better roster and better coach. Monty gonna have the Suns ballin. I am glad teams are already sleeping on the Suns. This first 10 games are a murderous row, but will define the season. Best Suns team since Nash's 7 secs or less team.
I honestly can't think that she hasn't noticed by this point however... When in the kitchen together, the crinkling is unbearably loud, and we even were cuddled up in my bed watching a movie together the other night! /3
"'I’m just naturally violent,' isn’t exactly what you want to hear from the love interest of a book. Unless you’re one of the millions of people whose bells ring until the clangers break at the merest whiff of toxic masculinity. In which case, I got nothing for ya."
Polnareff watched as the folder seemed to put itself back together. His Stand ability... the ability to restore things? How absolutely incredible. "I'll let that insult slide to remind you that I said multiple times I'm here to visit a friend. My research hardly concerns >
No mixed feelings here at all, d’lo and the gsw success next season is ours, get that first rd pick if all goes well
Well, interview's over, I did my best and now it's in the hands of the interviewers
just remembered i have an apush essay to write pls i just wanted to talk about it 2 for the rest of the night .......
This gameplay is interesting. I think I like it. Feels less polished than KH2 but the command decks are cool.
If, from on high, the gods have declared that we MUST remake Disney Movies, Snow White is at least a better choice because it's not very good? Like, it's a classic, it's pretty, got some good songs, but like, as a film? By today's standards? Something to be desired.
Negruuuuuu u the cheap one I would never forget that about u
That's because he doesn't like or trust Canafa's leftist Librral government, but feels more positively toward the UK & Audtralian governments, noth of which are right-leaning.
and just to clarify i am very confident without makeup for the first time in my life i just LOVE makeup
So thankful you’ve add “As It Was” to your set list hopefully you keep it there for when you come back to Cali next month but I really want that bass to hit like on the album!!
And you can trust the Seahawks defense LMAO or better yet the fucking banged up eagles ??? Lol
Yeah, I knew that excuse was coming. Nevermind that it makes no sense. The only reason for anyone to ever take the time to delete their tweets is to hide embarrassment. Nobody's going to take the time to do it bc of somebody else. But nice job giving that predictable cover.
   the shawties in the purple were me when the praise dancers were too close that time! Lol
Peter showed me that picture on the left last week and described the dog as “a small hippopotamus.” I would like to know where I can get one.
jake finally admitted that i can get a bunny, mark it down in the books kids this is a huge deal.
LOL that’s the first thing I pointed out to Chase. It’s not a celebration if there’s no cake though.
I got to meet the lovely laharox today! I enjoy and honored to get to meet you lovely people. #ffxivgamer #ffxivaddict #ffxivgpose #ffxivshb #ffxivmods #ffxivinstagram #ffxivscreenshot #ffxivcommunity #ffxivsb…
But the great British people have spoken. Stopping being anti-democratic with your facts!
The Lord will not tolerate these accusations against another. If so many are so keen on Judging then let Judgment come down fully upon their own Heads.
Well, he is a seasoned vet at, you know, only 15 games played in the NFL.....
 do you believe that RI parents are the primary educators of their children and should be empowered to choose the best educational opportunities for their children regardless of income or address? Join us 10/15/19. Visit http://edchoiceri.org . Let's change ed polcies
#Pompeo #ImpeachTrumpPenceBarrPompeo Let’s add  2 list of corrupt  co-conspirators. He was on call w/Trump & Zelensky. #AllThePresidentsMen” Makes Watergate seem like amateur hour. THE MOST CORRUPT  in US HISTORY. #ImpeachmentIsComing
I’ve got #Brewers winning the #NLWildCard on TBS—as long as Scherzer is starting.
allow flowers to grow on the places in your heart that people left hollow
Yes! Monday Thanks for always supporting all of the lists!! I have several items under $10. #clearthelisteveryday #clearthelists #TwitterPhilanthrophy
Corn-Pop, Bull Semen & Ungrateful Fecken Kents - Laughing  internet #3 https://youtu.be/ESbqK_kDU0E via
Honestly, I have doubts about the validity of the second tweet.
Now playing: The Roof Is On Fire - Rock Master Scott & The Dynamic Three
It begs the questions does one need to post everything online including what they ate for lunch. People do have the right to post what they want but once it is out in cyberspace you cannot control what other people think or respond. Therefore, think twice! #lesson5 . .
I don’t mean to be a hater but I read that the #BieberWedding guests are being forced to watch the Notebook... I’m sorry, but that’s the corniest Pinterest-vomit thing I’ve ever fucking heard but best wishes and all that
They have this thing where you use your laptop camera & they take pics of your face, etc so you can try on the frames. It's kinda fun!
Cool, but what about the genesis pads with dual thumbsticks?
Thus far they’ve claimed executive privilege. Now the big guns are out and hands will be held to the fire with consequence. Game on
I would love to see him “promoted” to 2C after a few games. He impressed me as the most improved year over year and he knows how to now play a 2 way game. He has excelled in puck management and played well down low which he was rewarded with the scoring we saw in preseason.
#OrangeShirtDay2019 Raising awareness of the residential school experience and ensuring that every child matters as we focus on our hope for a better future in which children are empowered to help each other
Fine, have it your way! Now, sit tight and listen to the perfect reasoning of Debeste!
can i get some love for: the sirens and sailors - i'm not sorry he is legend - boogiewoman wolves at the gate - the cure
to the tribeca, battery park chambers streets areas and the bowery, 3rd avenue to a 4th avenue and in a union square whos smarter than all of them now took a heist's off a governor spit all over chelsea off of those rents and leave real american exchanges outside
Sharpies + camera tape= life. Love All the different colours, shapes and sizes
The ratio of construction time to lifespan/output seems more important than the absolute time period to build them. As the Koreans have shown, get practiced enough, scale supply chains, and multiple builds can be accomplished on time/budget.
It’s funny how the left go to name calling when they don’t have facts to support their opinion. Simply saying “let’s agree to disagree” just doesn’t isn’t possible. Are you really winning an argument with a liberal if you haven’t been called a racist, ignorant, or a Nazi?
I get to do lots of fun stuff here at , meeting cool creative people and sharing new movies frequently, but the work on these Academy programs nurturing and connecting new voices in fime for many years now is deeply meaningful, moving & exciting!
Visited a new apartment. Guy said we had a 90% chance. It’s back in my old neighborhood. Found a great bar nearby. Been talking baseball and Drab Majesty is on the speakers. Am I being Punk’d?
They needed Dusty worse than Dusty needed them to be honest. NXT isn’t NXT without Dusty. And Dusty blows Vince away as a booker. They’ve spent millions for 30 years lying about it and credit a lie for a narrative, but that’s the truth.
“There it is, baby, that’s what I wanna hear!” He kept it up, rubbing and stroking the area, groping her with his other hand. He wanted hear her scream out in pleasure, see her body convulse as she climaxed, losing herself there on the floor. Then he’d do it. Once he knew she—
You played for the cowboys you know they have always been after the cowboys, tf
I wish Sonic the Ninblendo Switch? Follow my gang and I trusted you, but you nutted.
Much better in Russian, this way I dont have to hear how Sarah saved the universe all by herself and how the FuTuReiSfEmAle Kween!
Sunny daysssss, everybody loves them. Tell me baby can you stand the rainnn?
I love Wayward Son. It depicted how one would feel when they are going through some PTSD. Though it’s a fantasy story, the feelings were very real.
What they certainly have done is generate models of the universe accurate to 1 part in 10^12, which do not feature any mechanism by which the motion of distant lumps of rock and gas could significantly impact human lives.
outta town champ like mayweather, got a new crib off the boxing ring.
きょうの #朝ごはん 𓊱𓂃𓂅𓂂𓂂𓈓𓏲𓏲 𓈒 good morning, #toasttuesday! today's breakfast: craving this #avocado egg toast since the avo is well ripened :):) have a great day, dear all! 𓈒 たまご固まりすぎた汗 #アボカドエッグトースト… https://www.instagram.com/p/B3Dfs7XAT-x/?igshid=1obparu2zay78 …
No team can achieve even 40% of the votes this final week. The line up is too strong and would have more voters than the previous seasons. Anyone with 26 - 30% should be considered winner.
I kinda of want Nike to play with the upper materials but retain the rest, like this with the react 87 sheer material
Thanks  for including  and I in your monthly newsletter. You are the best!  – at Miami Biltmore Hotel
why is there so much of this recently like the moment you're like "hey chihiro is trans" you get a ton of dudebros causing discourse in your mentions like shut up go away
Look buddy, this is exactly what the issue is. The Hillary campaign actually did seek out help from Ukraine to interfere in the 2016 election. Where do you think the Manifort Leaks came from??? https://thehill.com/opinion/campaign/435029-as-russia-collusion-fades-ukrainian-plot-to-help-clinton-emerges …
I have been through all the emotions today. Honestly.... I’m so sure I have BPD but..... I hate the doctors and they treat me like all my problems come from my weight...
Ok so like.... why was that literally the most lit band I have ever seen at Epcot ever
Yeah, it seems like Universities have realized they can win a war of attrition if they (1) commit to studying the problem (2) generously solicit student "input" and (3) quibble about the results/brainstorm solutions until mired in bureaucratic minutiae and everyone gives up
Prager, please deflect us from the complete criminal and anti-Constitutional meltdown of the leaders of the party you want us to vote for. Thanks!
||: Lets have a little fun while my workplace burns to the ground. and for a headcanon about our characters.
You forget that the average viewer has NO CLUE as to what coverages even are lmao. To people who played the game, we see this as a simple answer. But to people who just watch on TV, this man is a genius.
I had been water-fasting the last 13-14 hours while doing this. Post workout, I jumped into a cold shower following  's advice! It felt awesome!
The reprehensible behavior towards Trump from democrats and some Judas Republicans will not be without consequence and that is a promise from God.
It’s spring here. New buds on the plants, leaves unfurling. Just glorious!
I feel like the black one is Bobby and he's listening to a tape of Hank to psych himself up for victory
Sorry I’ve been inactive friends. Life has a special skill of getting in the way of things I want to do lol. But anyways....stream tomorrow?
Yeah and with Coyle about to have a big year it should be enough to full heinen to bury the puck a couple times. Hopefully kuhlman is resdy to step into the 2 RW position because krejci needs someone on the other side of DeBrusk
It doesn't have to be first hand knowledge, and everything they said has been corroborated by the White House's own documents. This complaint, as with all their other defenses, is complete BS https://thehill.com/policy/national-security/463737-intel-community-watchdog-clarifies-processing-of-whistleblower …
Gnabry was starting and playing very well. Smith Rowe didn't play in the Prem but still started brilliantly looking at his age. Nelson in his first season was great even when he was playing at RWB. Gervinho was literally more dangerous than Pepe lmaooo even got a goal
thank u guys so much for all the love, it’s honestly overwhelming if i missed ur post or comment or dm pls just tag me again or let me know so i can personally thank you i love u all so much, thank u for everything
i have a friend who i’m pretty sure hates me inside but hey thats just the way the cookie crumbles am i right hhhhhh
If you liked the book, check out our page http://internalizing.online
Were you super consistent with taking the bc? Now im scared lmao. I wanna help my hormonal issues so bad
I love when teachers say this isn't an assignment that you can do the day before like hahaha challenge accepted
┍━━━━ ⋆⋅☆⋅⋆ ━━━━┑ ✿ NO CHEATING ✿ brighten up my Twitter with the 3rd picture in your camera roll, unless personal. Don’t explain, have fun & play along! Then copy this using the number I give you ┕━━━━ ⋆⋅☆⋅⋆ ━━━━┙
Getting ready for the #RAW premiere with Rey Mysterio taking on Seth Rollins? Take a look back at over 14 years ago when he & Eddie told a great story over the course of an entire episode of #SDLive. My review of the 5-5-05 episode here:  #WWERaw #WWE
LAWD, all this time I’ve been talking to my best friend, fresh out the shower, and been exposing myself! Take me now!! Him: UHHH, Trebonquishe! I see STEM. Me: NO YOU CANT! So—like I was sayi—
At least we done playing on CBS..... it’s a chance we can run the table
love is absolute madness. one day, it makes you feel like you are floating in the river of happiness, the next day, you are already drowning in your own ocean of tears. but we still love, anyway.
having a roomate who becomes ur best friend is actually the best part about college
Well, you seem to have all the “facts” so I figured I’d give you some homework...
Honestly how did Denver not even make the board that's crazy
Oh don't use that line on me. You're the one who wants a subset of the population to forgo happiness because you find homosexuality icky. Being a decent person is recognizing when something is good for other people and that your petty "disagreements" don't fucking matter.
Facial symmetry highly correlates with fetal health which correlates with intelligence. An interesting workaround to the no IQ testing laws. I give it 6 months before it's banned.
Proverbs 12:18 The words of the reckless pierce like swords, but the tongue of the wise brings healing.
The best relationship is when, yesterday's fight doesn't stop today's conversation.. #HappyMorning
In the year 2019 and beyond we remove all expectations of other people (and their release schedules) lmao that’s the real liberation usually promised by religion
Ito pa isa ang konti ng likes, 342 pa lang at 20k views pa lang. Pakitabunan ng wow reaction ang . Thanks! Here's the link:
I want that velvet painting with him and the other rats playing cards.
There are definitely some that are anti-Trumpers, don't get me wrong, but since Republicans hold the Senate, there are enough that want to win the 2020 election and will come through.
If I could just request that the soundtrack of my life be only 80’s music, that would be great. Thanks.
Sounds like mom knows you lol my youngest is the same way
Regardless, I could care less my issue is people coming out of the woodwork making false allegations without a shred of evidence. If there’s evidence of his explicit support of Barre currently or his denial then sure but lunatics on twitter isn’t a source
Time for the TTAF https://discord.gg/km8t7d7 Oct draw off. Till Halloween post your fanart of TraaTan (below)in Halloween costume for Prizes. We are giving away game codes and top voted gets nitro. All are welcome to participate have fun.
Hey man, all the highlights i see of this dude he's scampering around like a bunny rabbit. I got to see him play a game on Sunday - didn't look like much of a qb to me. Well, he did have two completions to the defense so.. maybe..
Kindergarten well at the 1st AR Night. #Bobcatproud
my good Lord letting me in knowing that I don’t partake in the s*x!
#NowPlaying Speak To My Heart by Quiet Time Players on #WNIAGospelRadio inside the Super Mix Rotation #ListenLive | WE ARE ON THE TUNEIN APP!
It’s almost my favorite month of the entire year!!! #bringonoctober #ilovefall #bringonsweaterweather
bro I got something special for you , down since day 1 . Sorry for the wait #stonecold
Thank you so much I wish I believed me, but even with that I’ll try not to give up.
But, wouldn’t revealing the whistleblower’s identity be like UNMASKING??? .
Seems like the safety knew what was coming from a mile away. Is the RB being on the left for an RPO indicative of a pass to the left more often than not and vice versa. As in the QB won't usually throw to the other side in this situation?
 have been after HRC for years and would love love love just LOVE to get one more crack at her. Hey Gym, investigate her not having the proper Conservative handmaidens hair style
Lol...hence the cigarettes... I was around cigarette smoking my Entire life....real Dad and Legal Step Mom
as someone who is an adult and enjoy seeing nsfw content from the mxtx novels. i've decided that i'm going to keep on posting what i enjoy and.. that totally means explicit content of my favorite characters. hope that's okay i was starting to feel bad about it lmao
I swear he saw this and felt a wave of relief. Then picked up the phone, called France, and asked if they’d be interested in conspiring to help him win in 2020.
This means the world to me. You too are one of such people. An honor. :)
Can you believe it?! It's almost time for the Scholastic Book Fair! With that being said, we are in need of volunteers and winter decorations to borrow. Many thanks!
Debating if I wanna do a kickback during the holidays again
Since PM Narendra Modi came to power in mid May 2014, this blogsite has reminded him on his website to stop this annual desecration at Kodungallur temple. Narendra Modi who promised to give back dignity to the Hindus as a pre-poll promise , has NO time for all this.
SO HAPPY FOR YOU GIRL!!! can’t wait to go to the wedding
IM SO HYPE! I’m wondering how it will be different from Vegas. I’m not gonna compare them because Vegas is an entire league different! I heard the vibes at Orlando are amazing! My first time there this year!
Rules and laws are both similar in that they need to be followed. The consequences for breaking and rule is very different than breaking law. Maybe a Venn diagram showing similarities and differences? Have kids create rules and consequences.
The USA needs one of those red tugs to stop the out of control beer cart that is our current rogue presidential administration aka: RumpNado. ( lol..while this beercart tornado is in Chicago, somebody better warn Alabama that they are in the direct path of being hit)
Really sad when I talk about the 70s and everyone looks at me like I'm an antique HAHAHA
People with Privilege will never willingly acknowledge it nor give it up. That’s fine. So we get all Churchill on them...fight them at the beaches, on the hills, on the streets, and at the polls and ballot boxes until we pry Privilege from their hands. Nice smack down No.
I second this. While I was in Arlington, it was great meeting him. One of the nicest guys I've met.
yep... i had enough with the frustration... IF they cut anymore Zenitsu's scenes again... I'm ready to be hated... I'm gonna go riot in their twitter... last time they cut that precious scene, i asked them why they cut it in jp tweet... jp fans liked my comment...
Lmao they have the minds that 'well if it wasnt in the manga therefore its not canon'
I requested it tho. Even tho I felt I won. I feel split decisions should make the best rematches ??? No?
I’m happier with how these shots turned out than my last show. I’m seeing my progression. The fact that I’m playing around with edits a bit more. Anyway please enjoy this first set (more to come) of …
when people wanna fight my friends i am the FIRST to suggest a much bigger friend to fight on my behalf, gotta defend the homies out here, even if it’s by proxy #weakboi
I've Got some Really Funny #GhostReconBreakpoint Gameplay Coming up on the Channel in a Few Hours! Don't Forget to check it out!
#BOOM We have a winner. That's why the serpent Hillary has been speaking out publicly lately!!! We are over the target!!!
oh no... *coughs up blood*.... the only thing that would cure me now is a cute doctor..... maybe izaya ? :)
The Justice Department has been compromised by Bill Barr, who is acting as Trump’s personal attorney rather than the people’s attorney. Barr and many people in the Justice Department are protecting Trump, so a judgement from the JD is not definitive.
One night this week I kinda want to go live and have a You Make The Painting session where I start with a blank canvas and have everyone who joins tell me what details, colors, subjects, etc to add. Thoughts?
The battery on this iPhone 11 Pro Max is the truth. For once I won’t have to buy an extended battery case.
 Children or Adult, love her story telling. will be at the 2nd McKinney Book Fest http://ow.ly/2kjh30oGHlX
I'm liking you more all the time. It takes real courage to not follow the party line in Hollywood.
Location, location, location. Avoid farmed fish like the plague
Being a Congressman doesn't give you any insight on disloyalty to our country. Edward Snowden, Bradley Manning, these are people who were disloyal. Skin tone also doesn't give you the right to call anyone a bigot either. You're not a leader, you're a parrot of your party.
I hope this guy's bosses realize how much money he just saved them. One more time around and that thing would have hit the jet.
I feel like for fork people they enjoy the meat and potatoes first, then slurp the broth. BUT WHAT DO I KNOW
It’s not a contradiction. If I spend 8 hours a day making mud pies, that would be a lot of hard work. But mud pies aren’t worth anything. You are paid based on the wealth that your labor brings in.
Your Smile: Our Passion Dr. Mairelys Rodriguez, premier Orthodontist in Miami and Coral Gables, active member of the American Association of Orthodontics, brings many years of Ivy League education and over 15 years…
I vote for  of  for  Save of the Week! Vote #BarnhartSOW
$5 says it has wish granting magic and the secret to an ancient prophecy.
The first one here looks like a Ruby Glow (peperomia graveloens), the second like a Happy Bean (peperomia ferreyae), and the third looks kinda like a gasteria nitida!
Freedom of religion includes the freedom to criticize religion. Freedom of speech includes the right to say things that some religion regards as blasphemous. These are basic human rights.
That’s in the Bible of trump so he clear on that one that won’t get him to heaven but a WH invite
I like the gilled chicken sandwich. I’ve never had bad food from McDonald’s
Make it about podcasts. Everyone would do it for super cheap. Let them improvise and BOOM another hit in the  catalogue of successes.
I want one! This is great for the mobility impaired. Must get one for mom. This trash bin can drive to the curb and back https://cnet.co/2G6RhJl via
Obama and his friends are above the law. Quit teasing us with hope that is not real. They will never do anything to them...
End the corrupt corporate 2 Party system #DivestDuopoly Fund, run and elect Greens! #GreenEnter http://gp.org  http://vagreenparty.org #PeoplePlanetPeace #MondayMotivation
You should broadcast your funding efforts and prove to your colleagues that doing the right thing is fiscally prudent as well.
People commenting sht like “so rigged?” Omg snapped the tea sis
It’s like people thinking they’re too fit for the gym class, yet they’re in the gym class.
The pumpkin spice is IN the cookies... AND OUTSIDE the cookies! With no *actual* pumpkin involved. Love these little chewy things. Thanks  !
Jesse Robredo is a tough act to follow. But then, it's good that your constituents have one of the best government officials to compare your future actions and accomplishments.
Col Bhinder, why are you holding back? Why not name and shame the culprits.
I think that we can all get used to this Fall weather. Thanking god that I had this tank-y on underneath the top I wore to church, because it was a H T one! - As for the question posted in #instastory on how many…
Sucks to see Ausmus not get much success with the Angels. Loved his passion in Detroit despite not having the back up pitchers, thus beginning the downfall of the team.
Pointing fingers online at what males? If you aren’t a rapist and don’t hang with them shouldn’t trigger you. You want the last say on some funny shit but g it’s not funny nor the right time. Approach like the good old days? Women have been raped for centuries? What are you on
For me to be honest on a person and telling them respectfully what bothered me and then telling me what was the truth and what bothered them then about something and then me asking to stay as mutuals and she said that’s fine and then she unfollows me on Twitter
I hope we all are not getting excited too soon. I am hoping against hope that this doesn’t play out like the Mueller report. The idiot and his protectors are going to stop at nothing to bring the Dem’s down on this .
Ridge breakaway and Platt has a big time save!!! Smothers the ball
Day 30, the final day of #30DaysofBourbon , brings us Buffalo Trace Experimental Collection. It's been fun doing this and I have connected with a few fellow bourbon enthusiasts in the last month.
me writing my first college essay on walt whitman and titling it 'the nature of homosexuality in the likes of whitman' is a power move
Lol they might be a 7th or 8th seed but that’s cause it’s the east
Yeah, my order said it was stuck in payment processing for like a month and then it just showed up in the mail lol
A little louder for the people in the back!! This is on FOX NEWS!! They are almost ready to throw the current resident of 1600 under the bus.
Poetry isn’t just about telling a story but it’s about speaking the TRUTH. Being real and raw for everyone to see
 full disclosure the ending of Ch 2 is going to be changed a bit. Trying to hammer out how I want it to go. Whether I want Theo there or just make it Draco. I think I am going to just make it Draco but this is first draft.
Hersheypark in the Dark is only a few weeks away! Don’t miss all the spooktacular fun! #hersheypark #familytravel #sweetestfamilies #hersheypa #hersheyparkhappy https://mommyuniversitynj.com/2018/09/15/spooktacular-family-fun-at-hersheypark-in-the-dark/ …
The story is really bad, even by Borderlands standards--which are REALLY low. The VH was hardly ever a presence in other entries but they really doubled down on it in 3 to make a bunch of unlikable characters more important Gameplay is top notch tho
Miracles for sale, including babies for couples, is not part of the Gospel. Neither is teaching God needs you to tithe so He can bless you. Thank you Chris Rosebrough for speaking Biblical truth to news team.
I welcomed the return of Nat Kinkle!!!!! I love her stories.
My pride & joy, this sexy lil bitch! Meow!! This is a MEGA SET, black satin & black satin roses with red accents, handbag, large makeup bag WITH THE EXTRA POCKETS ON THE INSIDE (which holds up to 8 lipsticks, 2…
I'm entering to win a gaming laptop, new PC, $500 GMG card, or an Intel Core i9 processor! Check out all the ways to enter #IntelGaming #Contest: http://playonintel.com
I'm going to be honest with, as a kid the ppv sets were more fascinating than the ppvs themselves to me. I wish they would wait until the show because the suspense is amazing. Let me go in surprised!
I am the last stop in Barrhaven before getting to Fallowfield Station. And yes, I am an early bird
Maybe you should train your officers to follow "The basic rules of firearm safety"
What part of the kids having sex in those drawings do you like, exactly?
according to Spotify these are my top 4 most listened to songs... two are broadway songs, one is also a famous tiktok sound, and the last one is on a bunch of my character playlists.
Definitely should believe what this Administration was saying about the Census citizenship question and response rates.
Ah, Christian Porter has now hog tied journalist. They have to play nice or get arrested as of 30/ 9/ 2019. Will we ever hear the truth again. Sad day for democracy.
 ...wondering if the R party would be better off to let Trump hang out to dry, and have time to put up a centrist
And talking about where their best player was for every single one proves he spent his time in the film room this past week
When I do short hop aerials, which is most aerials I do, it’s easier for my thumb to go from the y button to the a button than to the c stick.
.  leads the squad! #HereWeGo : #CINvsPIT - TONIGHT at 8:15pm ET on ESPN : NFL app // Yahoo Sports app Watch free on mobile: http://on.nfl.com/Q5kT8k
Lmao I kinda figured that but girl lmao im getting drunk..yes we just got off the phone
I went that route and felt like my money was worth it, I got 1000 hours out of the game
Dude are you kidding? He didn't get nearly the opportunity he should have because he was buried on the depth chart and he performed nicely when he was given the chance
OK Mason Rudolph... pick up the black and gold banner.  #SteelersNation #NFL #MondayNightFootball
Yeah, but I want an aerosol attachment for the book... feels more natural
Tonight on #MNFonESPN, the Cincinnati Arcanines play at the Pittsburgh Eeveelutions #CINvsPIT #Pokemon
thank you so much!! HAHA i went ham on the airbrushing, i got obsessed with making him dreamy
Good point. But we don’t know what his Q3 total was before he set the goal of $1.5M. (Or did I miss something?) Maybe he already had surpassed Q2 total?Trump raised $15M in a single day after impeachment inquiry was announced. There’s no amount Pete could raise that is excessive.
Aww its delicious..but the true home made cake us very expensive to make..pkg cake mix not as good..
I wish you could see the person they tried to say I looked like, bro looked nothing like me
the park to park But I'm not afraid of the dark With your light Crown Victoria You make me smile
Dapat maging masaya nalang un ibang majfanatix dahil til now may career parin si MS at di nawawalan tuloy tuloy parin from the start ni MS sa showbis til now bongga career parin. Para sakin if ok ke MS ang role nya now s tkb ok din lng sakin kc si MS naman ang may kagustuhan nyan
Finally back home Arsenal wasn’t great don’t think Emery team was right but that guy  1 chance 1 goal away end rocking all game thank god we avoided the M6 traffic coming back
Checkdowns to Jones, work the short game with the tight ends. Hit your wideouts when coverage allows, work the run game. Sorry to all the true believers out there, but "feed Kumerow" is not the answer.
Hobi, the work you do delivers to us the message of your heart. You worked hard, congratulations. I love you so much
Alex Trebek quietly saying "Dracula" under his breath is the gift I didn't know I needed. #Jeopardy
#XueXiao “W-why is this thing even bigger now??!” “It's just your imagination, DaoZhang~” But Xiao XingChen most definitely could tell the size difference... brain... It's still early, whyyyy...
Roy Cohn, Roger Stone, Donny’s got an iPhone, tweeting like he’s cray. Alabama, Stormy days, hair like a corn maze, North Korea, Rocketman, COVFEFE. We didn’t start the fiiiiire
Was able to finish the whole first section! Love this yarn and this pattern so much. Knit up so nice and so beautifully . . . . . . . Pattern: Moondust Designer: Kay F Jones bryonybears Craft: Knitting Yarn…
Perhaps if you were under oath we wouldn’t hear most of the shit you say
It’s too many people in fields they don’t like forreal or really care about SOLELY for the fact that it pays well. Half assing service and simply being a robot for a check.
Sitting down and trying to decide on my favorite volume cover nearly impossible but these def in the top 10
Rest In Peace To a The Original Jamaican Don Dadda ! “
You would think shelling out money for a college education would also constitute an implied contract. Especially when you are required to show progress toward a degree in order to be elligible for federal loans..... That judge left every student in Mass. Swinging in the breeze.
just giving you a hard time man but come on chelski??? ;)
#debate2019 What is the #GHG REDUCING IMPACT of 2019 Fed. Elect. promises? To be true to  Mtl march, will the MEDIAS do their job of CHALLENGING THE POL. LEADERS ?
Remove ALL CIA and FBI working at the White House and remove Schiffs security clearances.
This actually makes me mad like they open up the place and party to be nice and someone goes and steals their equipment I can't believe people
People complained about the cost of the Mueller investigation (a net profit to the U.S.), and, all this time, our taxes have paid for these charlatans to run around the globe, asking countries for help in debunking the Mueller investigation. What a fuster-cluck!
Lemme guess. You feel like the freight truck in the window reflection hauling critically important information and commodities; off to save yet another community with your swift remediation. Either that, or you're the bit of food passed from mouth to street to mouth.
Yes I’ve heard this. Saw an entire documentary about it! Promulgates the lie of deep state! The spin!
Bobby Darin, for a Milwaukee Journal photographer "on top of the Journal Building at 333 W. State St." Published (cover photo) of the 1962 Journal TV Screen section. Photo credit: Milwaukee Journal
Good, so we can rally up all the woman you’ve sexually assaulted and have them come to the Oval Office? What’s a good time for you?
I love “Curse of the Cat People”! It feels like something Guillermo Del Toro would make.
DeNiro has played the tough guy in so many movies that he actually believes he is one . It’s so easy to see that. I feel sorry for the Trump haters. I hope he gets better.
The new announce team is gonna make #raw feel like a completely different show alone
But, still, 2.17% of the Nazi Party still want you impeached
Nancy Pelosi will be president by Christmas. She names Obama VP, charged with undoing all the undoing of Obama’s legacy by Trump. Donnie’s gonna live it in jail, pretty boy like him.
She is awesome. Clever funny. In touch with the real world. Liked the elephants on the back of dining chairs.
I don’t even like the word boyfriend lmao I’m weird ok
Tell us about yourself: 1. Lia 2. In a Friendship lol 3. Broken Strings 4. Ayoko mag math HAHA 5. Twitter 6. H 7. MINT 8. nationality 9. 2 10. 0 11. Leaving the door open 12. 2014 13. Theatre 14. JOEY OH JOEY LOVE U BTO Drop an emoji for the questions~
This sounds sweet. I kinda like the idea of putting in a few creature type matters stuff like Reaper King.
I’m surprised you did not challenge Donna when she spoke of having a fair hearing! If I remember correctly Schiff went off script and lied on national tv in his opening remarks about the phone call!
Andras Jones- "The things I have to live without" from All you get #np
You think that was a funny little social media joke that would make any twitter member tagged on this post chuckle , no , you’re a sad bills fan, and your intelligence level as stated is no where to be found, you didn’t  the beginning so I wasn’t apart of the idiocracy group.
No adventurer is ready to set sail on the seas or hit the trails without these essential pieces of gear. #BerkshireHathawayHomeServices #SmithMountainLake #RealEstate #LakeLifehttp://insidethemarket.info/yg5B3n
It is okay to put your own mental health first. Maybe make some suggestions to the other girl. A good meal, a hot bath or shower, favorite book, music or movie in a semi dark room and just relax. Do the same yourself. It is okay to take care of you first.
LIES Reality Check verdict: It's true the economy has been doing well - but there have been periods when it was even stronger.
BIIIIIIG day for #SundayMoney tomorrow. Besides talking about giving  Powerade showers, we’re announcing the  #ShoeStakes winners, winner of the hat giveaway AND a life-changing announcement about my life you won’t want to miss.
I was 11 years old. I slept every night on the trampoline in the back yard. To this day I still love spending the night on trampolines. I’m certainly hoping to be around to do it all over again.
I'd love if blocking this Asshat went viral and the chap can't use twitter as the whole World blocked him. Won't happen but, it would be Deserved & a boy can dream. I blocked em' anyway, he's clearly a belligerent Catweasle! #LetsGoDC
So throwback to going to the Halloween Party with my PI roommates! We didn't know each other before our program but we still keep in touch! #DisneyPrograms
My daughter is asleep & I’m up eating friend chicken watching cartoons. This has probably been the best day off I’ve had in like forever
honestly the keepers should get some work done, maybe put in option to clean and feed as a separate thing, they keep on cleaning but not feeding :(  #PlanetZooBeta #planetzoo. RIP ZIBRA
and I adore chaechae’s adminnie so so much can’t wait to meet you one day and give you the biggest squishie cuddle ever
I just finished the boy in the striped pyjamas and it was sad but honestly the movie was sadder because I didn’t really feel like there was a connection between the 2 boys in the book
Its okay don't stress cuz ik how you guys are when you dont post take all the time you need and i hope you guys are feeling better
 Rio (sp?), My twitter buddy  - libertarian biz owner - can’t get passed the taxation is theft. I thought he would like your conservative argument for Yang and UBI. https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/moving-forward/id1463317213?i=1000437869311 …
I love Jesus AND His Church -- Holy Mother Church that He gave to us!! The Church is not corrupt -- it's some of the people who are.
I’m ready for Dallas in January, I’m ready for the super cold weather, the nice ass cabin I rented out, the bar hoping I will be doing and just relaxing and starting my year off right...im so excited and ready!!!
Yay! I’m so happy it arrived thanks for joining the GO!
You nailed it on this one, man you gotta do some stand up. That whole deep state thing has them rollin in the aisles. Bringing props too, like Carrot Top!!!
No one wants to talk politics and UFOs, but the reality is what we’re all truly circling around is a broken system where secrets of this magnitude are possible. It’s why I applaud  for walking her talk and taking this straight to DC.
I don’t know who needs to hear this, but nobody reads the inspirational quotes y’all put on your Instagram stories.
I agree with this from the account "The Secret Drug Addict" “Don't be afraid of your own pleasure or sexuality, no matter who it is or what you like. It's OK. You're OK. There's somebody out there that will love you for whatever it is”
If that's your best insult I'm going back to bed for the next 39 years
Support the Zero Mortgage Pledge (Commando Welfare Trust) #AustralianArmy #DVA
หลังจากที่นอนคิดมาทั้งคืน ก็คือ จะดู joker, the peanut butter falcon
The way Crowley is so fucking soft with Aziraphale here, he loves him so much I'm never gonna be over it
There are few pleasures in life as simple and satisfying as good glassware.
y’all ever just crave one of the tannies to just hug u and tell u ur doing good. cus i need that right now a ha ha
I read an amazing book about the island that was a leper colony till like the mid 20th century its named after the island, Moloka'i. def check it out it's so so good
I can't ever recall having a perfect phone call. I have had some really good ones with the pizza place, but perfect? #wishiwasasgoodaspotus
The question was asked 4 1/2 minutes into an 11-minute interview. There were 12 questions asked before it. It was the fourth I asked DeMar personally. And his answer was interesting. Judging from the rest of my mentions, others agree. Otherwise, your point is solid.
God bless you Abby! I have just had my 2nd time with 40 Days for Life outside the PP in Memphis. I am so fullfilled inside doing this. I knew I had a special purpose! I pray to make a difference to save these precious babies!.
LIGHT UP THE NIGHT this Thursday with Dean of Students, Blaine Eckles! Get the chance to voice your concern on how we can help students feel safer on campus- day or night ~Retweet this post if you plan on going! #vandalsafety #uidaho
What was the blushes you used in this video please? I couldn’t find it in the description
 Hey, Robert. Could we get a follow so we could DM? Thanks!
Want to make predictions around Trump? Ps. The world should thank you for being the first whistleblower
if its like the PsP then once you hack into goes into GOAT status
Pain is always different I think so is depression. Different situations, different people, but the best way out is to fight and keep on fighting for our happiness!
Perfection is indeed a reality with the Passport. https://www.torquenews.com/1083/five-passenger-honda-passport-crossover-family-vehicle-perfection …
Kingy and  - just wanted to say how awesome the Monday meanstest has been all year. Listen on the podcast here in Canberra. Life long Tigers fan since late 70's, really enjoying this period. Bring on 2020. Cheers.
 Could someone please tell me what website I need to use to buy tickets for the fundraiser dinner on Friday?
  your customer care was sorry as well! And denied any possibility of a last hope of delivery by morning 9 am today. I would fill the details if there is an outcome possible. I have a flight in the afternoon and cannot wait beyond 9 AM
If you compare with the AEW, you're right. Then it's a matter of taste.
Enjoy the little things in life... for one day you'll look back and realize they were the big things.
The world wants you to be this stable loving asshole that has everything together
And, the award winner for 2019 is…*opens envelope*….
 evening madam,does the ruling by the local supreme court in the MERVIN CAMPBELL constitutional challenge is the standard for all cases over 3years old.
I am surprised that our financial pundits don’t realise that the tax evasion is a thriving business in the west. In UK most builders take cash, taxi drivers, shop keepers don’t till the sales! Why UK government doesn’t go after them? They give jobs, taxes
On behalf of old white straight men I would like to protest at the infiltration of our ranks by frustrated old and middle aged females who want to be old white straight men like Jeremy Clarkson.
2 is the overall winner, 4 if you want to just focus on the body
As the family's legal counsel, how's this work ? Keeping it in the Blue family? It's a Blue thing, we wouldn't understand? #AmberGuygerTrial
We shared the last few spoonfuls and never spoke of it again that evening. But that’s the time I ate basically the world’s most expensive caviar without a second thought.
This past week I’ve been so hard on myself about my life. I meet these amazing women who are engineers and business owners. I got into a rut, feeling like I don’t make a difference in the world....because it’s “just hair”
Yep and the rightwing tax payers pay for it all Or they borrow a trillion and we have to pay it back Liberal social filth
Hey Ivan! We're sorry to hear you're running into this and we appreciate the report on this. While we currently do not have any further updates on this, more information about the minimum requirements to run Rainbow Six Siege can be found here >> https://support.ubi.com/en-US/faqs/000024693/Minimum-Requirements-PC-RSIX7/ …
I'm really glad that the Color Swap story has finished up. It was my first experience at doing a sequential story, and I couldn't be happier about it. I really want to start doing more of these in the future!
MAGA.... Trust us Amercans . The truth will set us all free! I am a Democrat who is just a American who loves our country as all Republicans. I am tired of all the games.
No but robert is gonna throw that highkick. He masks it really well rewatch the second yoel fights hes the best ive ever seen mask high kicks behind punches i really dont see how one of them doesnt get through in a 5 round fight but im still rootin izzy i think hes way more fun
I was in 7th grade... ummm I won lol after I started punching the guy, all the girls in my class started punching him too..
 messaged me saying she wanted a Louis like a Louis Vuitton and my fat ass literally thought she was talking ab the restaurant and was like “ooh that sounds good let’s go tomorrow” I’m offing myself
Yesterday is the past, tomorrow is the future. Today is a gift, that's why we call it the present. #stratusbot
You've done a lot of blowing on skin whistles hag. The only thing you might be half good at.
Baba intelligent, did i generate the story of his refusal to submit his us documents to Nigerian govt? I only made a case for him,that he is NOT supposed to submit such to Nigeria. For the green card, i have a lot of folks that have such that doesn't change em from being Nigerian
This is our bottle of Exorcised water. Every night I Bless the kids and wife as priest of the home. Call on their guardian angels and St Michael to protect them. Reject any demons and tell them to head to the foot of the Cross to be judged. It’s serious around here
He was the highlight yeah..but it's not his song.. If it was.. You know na
Lauren has left for Rhode Island. I’m staying in New York until the end of the week. I solemnly swear not to get up to no good.
Let's be real. Fairfax isn't revolting against the government. But I expect support and snacks from Fairfax.
RT : Chris Carson got charted with 21(!!) missed/broken tackles yesterday. 18 rush / 3 rec Most we’ve recorded in a game at . I watched them all and the number was legit.
Not a scam they just take the money back on payday quick af
just watched an episodes of bungo stray dogs in the shower. feeling powerful
If you're in the mood for some prominent, timeless classics, The Theory of Moral Sentiments and The Wealth of Nations by Adam Smith are good ones too. I'd like to complete both when school slows down. For global poverty and economic development, The Bottom Billion by Paul Collier
Paul Finebaum's going to get the phone lines jammed up in the Deep South for this one. Says Ohio State has looked like the best team in the country so far in 2019. https://www.clippituser.tv/c/nqnrwk
thats so nice... i will never gonna be able to get to TwitchCon... so this is rly nice
So, you would rather have the dictatorship that Trump is trying to create? He's already well on the way to fascism. I'd rather a civilian run government rather than the wannabe child dictator we have now
I was in hospital last week and had a lot of time. I started listening to all your music since I know you from Agelast. Your new songs are catchy, dark and mesmerizing. And now they play in an infinite loop on my playlist. Wish you the best. Love every sound you've created so far
Read  handsewn toe stories. Wonderful! Hoped to buy Love Letters to the World . Sadly out of stock. Fixable?
And no one-no one knows how to 'wiggle' like Speaker Johnson-it's an iniquitous 'art' to twerk away doing the right thing-
I was excited and worried too. So glad they invested in bringing the same level of artistry back to expand the vision. Well worth it. Plus, I always loved fizzgig. Always felt like fizzgig was meant for Fraggle Rock
I got the final jeopardy question right. Put me in Alex, I’m ready to play.
Brilliant interview with Prince Harry, I don’t know who the interviewer was, but the type of questions he asked sounded a little Daft, thank goodness The Duke is an excellent teacher with patience, he explained environmental damages in a way that even a toddler could understand.
I really be having people bothered but that what happens when you just don’t stay in your lane I’m not the typical person you can just play games with and think I’m not going to do nothing
"He has told you, O man, what is good; and what does the LORD require of you but to do justice, and to love kindness (Or steadfast love), and to walk humbly with your God?" Micah 6:8 "He will not always chide, nor will he keep his anger forever." Psalm 103:9
Franco, Franco.... can you sing along to the polka :) ??? #HereWeGo
That was obvious from the comparison to a fucking sheep. Ion know too many black people that know what a sheep feel like
He won’t get claimed and there are lots of good people that can’t stay in the Big Leagues
I’m at an  store. They have you wait a specific table of iPhones during (long) wait to pickup phones. Seems like a missed opportunity to checkout other products around the store...
It was proven in the last GFC tax cuts don't stimulate the economy, especially when they are aimed at higher income earners. Money given to councils help as they can spend it quickly does. Lifting social security payouts. Money handouts. These all work. #auspol
May God bless Nigeria . Nigeria has a bright future and I am going to be part of the good forces that are going to actualize it!
Lmfao so his sister sent you the screenshot ??? Oh his family fw you fw you
There is far more that is similar, if not worse, when it comes to average working class people, which makes his campaign extremely relevant. Dems and Repubs repackage same s**t for literally generations and ppl think something new is on the way, yet they want to take aim at San
babies are biodegradable save the turtles sksksksksk
his voice sounds THAT GOOD and sm just kept him locked in the basement?
Thank you! Is there a chance for cloud-based applications in the future?
Raspberry  is the best Bubly. That is all. #yum #ayyy #heyyy
The (sad?) truth is that if there are no beers at your meet-up, the turnout will be much, much lower. I have to agree with Sani and point out that you don’t have to drink. I’ve met many great people that don’t drink at meet-ups where I had a beer myself.
It's my favorite part of Red. He wants the game close, which is where is at a significant disadvantage vs better coaching.
i mean theres a reason why different student associations based on nationalities exist :') it also depends on the group too...some circles seem more unwelcoming and others might be more inclusive ajdjcjjc
 Sir, on one hand fit India movement is launched. And on the other hand gyms, yoga centres are being closed. Where do we go for our fitness routine?
Not if the jury doesn’t accept her testimony and/or there is other evidence discrediting her version.
Croatian guy is laying the wood floors in our fixer upper. Chatted about Luka Modric and he lit up. "Your floors will be beautiful Mr. Craig" #COYS
It was one of the first positive depictions of a gay man, and an interracial love story, the openness of both was rare. A hugely important film, one of my top ten. Brilliant Murray Melvin, a true hero of mine, supports  which is a joy for me as a  maker.
It was an honor to meet the best Cosplay streamers on #twitch. Never stop killin the game ! ____________________________________________________ LIVE on Twitch: Mon - Sat 10 pm ____________________________________________________… https://ift.tt/2ngjMNh
Today I found some of my grandmas old artwork in the garage. I always knew she painted, but she never talked much about it and only brings around paintings she’s especially proud of. These are some that weren’t worth mentioning. What an amazingly talented woman.
Hey  a lot of people are after  for her irresponsible assertion that supporters of  are #sexist, but I find it interesting that the other panelists agreed with her. Those are the sort of statements that hurt the public face of #feminism.
Lmao this is hilarious. Tony the Tiger shol buff as hell
Good to see our food & setup as part of  Bears Week 4 Tailgate Roundup!  I woulda liked a shirt but guess you got no XX-Mediums!! Come by  for the next game and do the boot! ://www.barstoolsports.com/video/1428616/chicago-bears-week-4-tailgate-roundup …
A great representation of what the Nets locker room will be like by Christmas.
(You might want to see the urban dictionary definition of that word)
Are you needing a sofa in 2 weeks? The new Cypress Sofa is proudly made in BC and also available as a love seat or sectional chaise. Choose from 14 fabrics and have it to your home in 14…
Hopefully,  would fight #Pak elections and would form a coalition govt. in #Pakistan. Congress's stand on #Article370 & 35A paved the way for expansion of its "business" in Pakistan. #Congratulations    & team!
first time views september 2019: -the youtube show with the person that has to keep cooking until the wal-mart ads end -gourmet chef makes m&m -listen it’s just been youtube cooking videos I gave up on film -Yakuza Kiwami 2 -okay and video games
hey man can you stop posting about our high school’s big rivalry football game? the degree to which you’re earnestly excited about it is bumming everyone out on a deep level
And mine, that peer reviewed papers do exist, in response to your original claim. Considering that gross negligence in regulatory process is the whole reason Glyphosate court cases are winning, perhaps consider full transparency in defense of GMOs and Glyphosate usage.
 well done on the sex industry documentary as a youth worker trying to keep girls safe this is one doc I will make them watch in our drop in centre. Brave inspiring and a braw lass pride
Bet not....tho rumor has it, it's pretty good once you get past the used part!
If only we could get those faces on the ugc I want those cute faces
I say champing at the bit, am I not part of the whole world?
THE PERFECT BLEND PRESENTS THE 2019 LEGENDARY WOMEN!! http://aweber.com/t/AZ0X5
You have the same taste in men as my daughter. I find this strangely comforting.
The sexts were the worst part. I don’t believe your personal life should play part in your professional life, but clearly the 2 intersected here. They definitely shouldn’t help you.
Who would've thought the Jonas brothers would end up on top
This salad I just made. Jesus. Tasted like Jesus touched the lettuce
10 days until the A-League starts. Quote or reply to this tweet with your predictions for the following Premiers: Grand Final: Wooden Spoon: Johnny Warren: Golden Boot: Golden Glove: Young Footballer OTY:
The Charge Rifle is...... interesting. It's a normal gun (Thank Jesus), and actually does pretty impressive damage, but its design is very unique. You have to charge it before shooting it, and it sort of paints a tiny beam on your target while charging.
I want to go tree planting again. The last time, I had to bail because it was the day after my surgery and I clearly was not able to move, let alone lift trees and plant them.
Listening to the beads of sweat drop with the words from her internal thesaurus like
the fact that like theyre not human but some of them are like giant and they can fucking k word you
Wow, you’d literally be the perfect surrogate. Babies would just pop out!
And the irony of your irrelevant tweet is that you have a pic of you in Cubs gear in front of a World Series champions sign it took them a fucking century just to get a chip. Incompetent snail.
Oh yes!! That was pretty interesting from memory. Actually one of the reasons I want to try ux/ui design
ngl, me and the rest of the people waited even with little hope, but regardless of how much you're a fan of someone, you're not entitled to their time. I'm thankful for the very beautiful performance you put out, hopefully, I'll meet you someday
I do appreciate the more helpful comments on the original post wondering about durability.
 sent me a few really cool stickers. Love the Logo. Thank you #cannabisdoor
Tomorrow 10/1 the trailer drops & Friday 10/4 the ENTIRE SERIES is released A2 HOUR EXTRAVAGANZA Every scene is beautifully crafted by the amazing .  and I worked tirelessly and happily with her to bring this groundbreaking project to life.
I'm in Austin. I don't know the process but encourage you to go for it!
My baby has Dermassist & Sorbelene. I only use Earthwise or Goats Milk products when washing her. But in all honesty, Hydrocortisone is the best thing. Only thing is that it’s too strong for babies. Dermassist has 1% hydrocortisone.
dear lord you already know i don’t ask for anything, i don’t want a beautiful loyal wife or fifty billion dollars.. all i ask for is for clout please, i hope you can find it in your heart to give me all the clout please
an abolition that can be affected only by a revolution, but administrative reforms, based on the continued existence of these relations; reforms, therefore, that in no respect affect the relations between capital and labour, but, at the best, lessen the cost, and simplify the-
No one mentioned the most secure option, hand-marked paper ballots. Please write to the Committee using this letter as a guide or use verbatim. https://docs.google.com/document/d/1iZzzWklB6pMVcJSWET07CN-Qm7zr7VdlVl1r_mpuk8o/edit?usp=sharing … 2/
After a successful, yet controversy backed win on hosting the World Cup, Qatar seems to be trying to obtain the Asian Games as well. This might possibly help future GDP growth and add to their broader economic strategy. #Econ466SDSU #Qatarhttps://reut.rs/2mkf6FK
Well, first they became Medical College of Indiana, then the Imperial Hotel..., and then it was turned into a parking lot and purchased by the State. https://historicindianapolis.com/indianapolis-then-and-now-national-surgical-institute-imperial-hotel-northwest-corner-of-w-ohio-street-and-capitol-avenue/ …
This will come in handy the next time my wife and I run errands :)
The Cardigans - For What It's Worth https://youtu.be/01_RTOD9hYc イントロが始まった後に入るワンツースリーフォーのカウントからもうすでにカッコいい！
just realized that none of you must know who the fuck thorn and ana terra are but still flattered
"Nobody knows the gender of the whistleblower. At times like this everyone miraculously knows how to use the singular 'they'." -Ivan Brandon
helo im baby too!!! i watched some of season one with my flat and i got thru it by talking at a mile a minute (rip my flatmates) during the scary parts... honestly its not too bad (there are jump scares but u know theyre coming) u could watch it with the lights on n stuff !!
BUT Biden is not just a political opponent he was the Vice President of the United States not that long ago and was he was in office when he asked for a Ukrainian official to be removed ? I don't care a hoot but you can't impeach one guy for asking about the other guy.
Ok lol If you get punched in the mouth when trying that shit around the wrong person, you'll know lol
That's a good feeling! Were you doing something else or life get in the way?
KINGDOM HEARTS III A Wish at Twilight (Bronze) Adventure through Twilight Town and complete the story. #PS4share
Good play by the guy on the lift. But I totally hear the benny hill theme song while that's going on
Okay yeah that’s a bit weird and out of the ordinary
If this is a reporter who regularly covers the team then he probably knows Watson’s answers in pressers to feel like he’ll give more than a yes/no. Also, then Watson will know him & if they have a good relationship then he’ll be more likely to help out & elaborate?
There’s no better feeling than being in the crowd, with your best friends, hugging each other and strangers, when  drops Strangers and he stops playing the song for everyone to yell “ITS YOUUUUUU” at the same time. No. Better. Feeling.
Then make your relationship with The Lord Jesus Christ of Nazareth your vice, it is truly addicting, and very much a life giving/changing habit to have
What an honour it is to receive such praise from THE Absinthe!
1. We have support 2. We have even more support 3. It's in the bank... You should see the atm printout
The House Judiciary Cmte held hearing on securing America’s elections on Sept 27th. Sadly, all 3 witnesses testified about securing elections in which ballot marking devices (BMDs) are used as the primary method to mark ballots. 1/
I listen to Ty Dolla Sign so much but I can’t name a single song that he was the main artist on
Hey aggies! I’m selling the last eyebrow pomades I have for $5. They will NOT be restocked. If you want one, LMK. I can give it to you on campus (I accept cashapp, cash, or paypal) #ncat #ncat20 #ncat21 #ncat22 #uncg #uncg20
It'd also give Netflix a chance to plug other shows in a bid to try and keep folk watching stuff in-between Stranger Things episode drops, rather than having everyone on the service for 3 to 4 days, then buggering off until another big show comes along.
With that being said, I had a meeting two years ago with some folks from YouTube about this very issue. It’s interesting to see how and why the system hasn’t changed.
Cybersecurity and mobile phone security can make the BlackBerry come back and gain market share. https://lnkd.in/gjAxut5
OAN just reported that Schiff had already booked a trip to Ukraine, before call. OAN reports that Schiff also has an interest in the corrupt Ukraine energy company? Did Congress get a group deal?
lmao that ain’t the case w me or anyone in my family so that lil paragraph was jus a waste of time
so just casually checking my tracking numbers and i think the ita bags are going to be delivered to me in the next two days, they just arrived to a city next to me, 40 mins ago!!
Glad to hear she's feeling better! And yes, these past few years have indeed been the absolute shittiest.
The Truth is far more all-encompassing than the mind could ever comprehend. No thought can encapsulate the Truth. [24]
EPIC WEEKEND! At the  it was a absolute pleasure working with these two amazing host  and symphonythompson we shut the stage down!! Looking forward to working with you both in the near…
With the same spread, tOSU covers the last two years. Is our defense better, is our offense worse, is Sparty better?
Almost like he learned from you, but he’s honest about being dishonest, who like you isn’t the same. What is that old saying: “Deny to you die?” And no, not the Nile river in your favorite play ground.
I hope you impeach this president because if you dumbasses do that means open court in Congress no witness is off limits and the trial will be epic, it will be the end of the Democrats
We are watching the Republican party unravel and circle the drain.
naaah you just have the avis you like regardless of occassion
 hello. I have a sort of complaint/ concern I need to address. I bought the whole Dear Dollie set in Sunset Island on royal high yesterday, and when I went to play today, all of it was gone. I would like to know why and if I can get it back.
AG Barr is just as #CORRUPT as the president himself. These people are trying to do a frame job on the people who did their do diligence in trying to find corruption. It’s all a distraction to help the wanna be Dictator . #CorruptGOP #CorruptTrump #CowardlyGOP
dear eight pound, six ounce, newborn infant Jesus, let the bengals win
WHILE HEALING THE PROPER CARE OF A TATTOO WILL DETERMINE HOW A TATTOO TURNS OUT. PERSONAL HYGIENE IS VERY IMPORTANT. #sleevetattoos #oldschooltattoos #dagocoelho #sistertattoos #chesttattoos #nametattoos…
I'm obsessed with the ones at trader Joe's I gotta make sure to buy a bunch before the season ends. You're welcome Doug
All about it.... Since he ran as a republican, won the republican presidency..... Safe to say hes a republican patriot!.......
サッカーが上手い老若男女 The Best World Cup Ad Ever". After Watching It http://9gag.tv/p/a9p2L8/mcdonalds-gol-fifa-world-cup-brasil-2014?ref=jfs …
like i finally FINALLY got them to head in that direction and then wife came up like 'i was in church and had a brilliant idea abt catering to KIDS and making it a KIDS AREA' like bitch u complained to me not 3 months ago about how awful it was filling the theater with kids on
Anyone else a fan of the workplace kitchen drama? Hoping someone will scrawl a lame apology and fill the fridge with bagels.
when you want the fashion show to end a little earlier.
Actually west side is the shithole of Pasco. Meth, pills, Moon Lake. South central is where it’s at, aside from the birthday suit crowd. Lutz, Land O Lakes, Odessa, Trinity. Pasco is no Tampa, but that’s not always a bad thing.
Lol then you didnt listen to what I said. You only heard what you wanted to hear.. Y'all have a good life. I wish you the best.
My first car was a 05 CLK 320 with 50k miles I paid 13 Gs I put a pioneer deck in it for Apple car play the tires were staggered it was very expensive to fix parts are Benz specific the electronics buttons and anything plastic break first loved it but too many little problems
"The future does not belong to globalist. The future belongs to patriots. The future belongs to sovereign and independent nations who protect their citizens, respect their neighbors and honor the differences that make each country special and unique." - President Trump
VAYELEKH, this week’s Torah study, for all Bible students, connecting the Old and the New. Going up? – Be strong, be bold? – Does the Bible say that “money is the root of all evil?” – Israel’s new leader? – Public...
Going bingo loco in a few weeks and you have to dress up! Yippeee ..mams the best
Fascinating: Big Oil's role in launching the solar industry of today https://www.npr.org/2019/09/30/763844598/how-big-oil-of-the-past-helped-launch-the-solar-industry-of-today …
for the record i know nothing abt kefka hes just easy to remember bc ive seen his design a few times
NU'EST W was the one who sang Let Me Out from Hwayugi?!?!?! This is a new info to me. I love that OST
Investigating the international intelligence coup to overthrow the sitting President is an impeachable offense!!! How dare he!?!?!?
lmaooo about 10 years i had to force them to at least let me pay them the $20 a month or whatever it was for my line because i felt like a child
"I'm trying to act like I've been here before like I'm this cool 10-year vet, but no. This is so cool to me." -D'Angelo Russell on the idea of playing with the Warriors
Pretty sure Jon Jansen has more of an inside scoop on what’s going on within the program than you will ever have.
open your "on repeat" playlist on spotify, post the top four songs & let your followers decide if you have taste
So i will be doing horror games this month but it wont be till near the end for halloween on stream , ill be looking into games i havnt done yet and some old favorites :)
Why don't you bots just give up?! Trump is toast. He's done. Finished! And he did it to himself. He never learned to follow rules. Never had the integrity to honor an oath or be faithful to a vow! #APuppet #Unfit #Incompetent #Impeached
oh my god the way you draw them is ASDAROABLE i lvoe
Today must be my Elizabeth Warren day. Maybe it's because she's just getting more press. Just listened to an NYT podcast of an  rally. Look out Trump, her crowds are getting bigger than yours. It's the energy, the plans and the selfies.
Thank you for replying, for fueling Warren’s support! The more you cry out against what/who you don’t want, the bigger you make it. Much too metaphysical for you perhaps. Thanks for amplifying the movement to #DrainTheSwamp for real this time around!
lmao, a libertarian bot caught the words in quotes and retweeted this and now I've got goons in me replies
And that’s it, if it works you won’t have to mandate that people use it. Let the free market develop it, improve it, make it cost effective and people will use it.
[ #Inktober day 00: materials] Because of the character count on Twitter I’m not going to elaborate/caption most of these here, but I will be on IG! Find me at http://Instagram.com/rolilomi Best of luck to all who are participating this year! See you on the other side. #Inktober2019
Yes, I want them all alone at the bottom of the division.
I mix the pepper and garlic with olive oil to a thick paste and submerge the dove breast for a few hours. Once I am ready to cook I will wrap them in bacon and cook slow over some wood and lots of smoke.
You people are unbelievable, why not impeach every republican that’s in office? They could never reach the level of corruption Dems have been unleashing on this country for decades!
I don't mind cookie cutter. But the cookies have to be.. good. Let's just end there. Lmao.
How GVSU has the same number of parking spots for faculty as it does students
thomas and friends from ̖̻T͇̦̩͉̣H͙̜̙̹͡E̘̳̮͖͖͙͟ ͢V̵O͕͎I̘͢D̞̬̮͡
 not only the two top rookies...by a man, one of the best rosters ever assembled!
Are you going to tell me that man outplayed Mahomes either time they played? I am not saying Mahomes is Brady AT ALL but a coin flip, an offsides and/or a phantom roughing the passer is the only thing keeping Mahomes from his first SB. It wasn’t Brady.
THE LIES It's goes 5D'S, GX, Then Duel Masters 5D's won on all counts, character, music, opening/ending's
People always seem to shade what they wish the had!
What's your level of excitement for the upcoming start of the NBA? #NBATwitter #NBAPreseason
I think that the Disney executives realised at last minute that if they made an original song in Aladdin, Frozen 2 AND The Lion King they had the Oscar in the bag, so they were like “Put Beyoncé on the phone and tell her to record something real quick”
Now Playing Maya Belardo - Blue Skies Download our FREE "WRJR Mobile LIVE App" from Google Play When you click on the link below:
So my dishwasher just played a little tune as the cycle is over... What a lovely discovery! Does anyone else’s do that??
Tom you are doing the heavy lifting. But when is all of this going to come to the forefront. I read all of your tweets, but nothing comes of them It's a respectable question.
Maxime Bernier: Hate speech, immigration & will the PPC actually win sea... https://youtu.be/roDegw9Zo64 via
Switch to Zealot Mobile today, we have the best coverage of the room you'll be locked in.
Isn’t it funny that #Hillary is now speaking up again as the dust from the #Epstein case is settling.
Truly! A bride worthy of the Demon King! #NobunagaBot
 just gave her Offensive Player of the Month #TOL award to  on  #HailState
lmao that was the 2nd most bo4 game ive ever played
This the last day you niggas going be on my page watching me because of another nigga. I allowed for a lil bit, but ya time is up ok
 so sad I didn’t get to chat with you this weekend but I saw you super busy on tvs everywhere and doing a presentation on the showfloor!! Congrats on all your successes!
If there’s anyone in America who should be cut off from classified information it’s a little don the con. Please keep him away from the red button.
Probably when Tom Hanks shows up alive at the Fed Ex facility in "Cast Away" and meets his remarried wife.
The reason we put money into Ukraine, is for our own security. Because Russia is trying to get Ukraine under Russia control. And Trump is under Russia control.
Blatantly copying someone’s photo/aesthetic, pushing links just to push links - I understand it’s a business but I want to know you’re not just doing this for the $$$and not interacting with your followers to some extent.
I have a good mental filter for stuff like that but thanks for the heads up.
great flexibility but move out the way next time lol damn
We know that The Maryrdom of the apostles paints a dark cloud to some who view this life as the prize, however, we"Believers"know that the true prize is to be as He is and in His presence in heavenly high places, that our flesh could bever enter! Glory to God in the highest!
That looks ugly and seeing how much it was raining at the game I’m sure you’re having to deal with rain as well.
TO PRISON. They then can consider themselves lucky they aren’t facing a firing squad. They are traitors to the United States of America. They were caught. 3 CHEERS to those who persisted for their people and country. HIP HIP HOORAY! HIP HIP HOORAY! HIP HIP HOORAY! #Americans
Girls who make the first move get all my respect because I know your dad is raising you not to get fxcked but if you were his son
This all I know. I just want input from someone who's actually gone through the contract. Can't find a copy online.
For all my software developers, tomorrow marks the first day of Hacktoberfest! Contribute to open source repos all month to complete the challenge. For more information, check out the Hacktoberfest site: https://hacktoberfest.digitalocean.com #opensource #Hacktoberfest
Yes lmao but not the one you saw it’s a similar one
I’m very new to trying to read Korean. After watching Summer Package (no spoilers) I’m grateful for Jimin’s handwriting. RM’s is near impossible for me.
Yep, it’s Slay the Spire! It’s great no matter what platform you get it for.
bullet to the heart is such a good song like as soon as i heard it, it got stuck in my head
Buy the millennium falcon one. If you don't like it, send it to me please
He’s not talking about folks that speak on how they play on Sunday he’s talking about people that are bringing up things off the field. He’s right, that is bs and it’s where the line should be drawn.
Goddamn, man-child You fucked me so good that I almost said: I love you You're fun, and you're wild But you don't know the half of the shit that you put me through
The star eyes worked for the tweet and I appreciate it
It’s been nonstop since the weekend. Money smelling like trees
That was my exact feeling. I left the theater feeling so tired, yet I knew I enjoyed myself as well.
During the four seasons under Kevin Steele’s defense, Auburn has held 40 of 45 opponents (88.9%) under their rushing average. During the four seasons before Steele arrived, Auburn held only 28 of 52 opponents (53.8%) under their rushing average.
I've beaten the 'Pixel Sleuth' quest in World's Biggest Picture Cross. It's free http://pc.worldsbiggestpuzzles.com #WBPC
Look up extortion. Trump’s refusal to release desperately needed funds until he did a favor is extortion. Trying to get another country to interfere in our elections is antithetical to the principles of the country and constitution. Such a breach of public trust is impeachable
 Men may be the majority that are working on these machines, as engineering jobs are a male dominated field. It can not come as a surprise that something like this would happen because of it.
Breitbart? Are you kidding? This is the equivalent of polling a bunch of 5 year olds if they are in favor of ice cream.
Also someone direct me to a fanfic where Jackson is the jock and Namjoon is the nerd and they fall in love and live happily ever after
OMG So the one day Will gets to play on the Xbox for making a good decision and the internet goes out!!! Welcome to Mom and Dad's world!
It's a significant experiment on my part - and probably something our building hasn't really done in the past. So, it's going to be a thing we learn as we go in class and beyond. cc
What should I have for lunch tmr.... I want a milkshake but the nearest milkshake seller is five guys and I won’t be spending not even a nickel at that overpriced joint.....
If you want a good reason to visit Tampa in January I highly suggest you come down to  return of the annual event TNS. The two I went to were among the best moments of my life. Come hang! https://smash.gg/tournament/tampa-never-sleeps-8/details …
You're more than welcome Phil and i speak as i find. You're well loved & respected right across the board but believe me i know how you feel as I've felt that way recently. You're a good person & everyone knows that xxx
A nice afternoon going around the lake with these two !  – at Lake Wawasee
It’s a great laugh though. When my friends phone and say they’re going down the pub I say no ‘cos I’m watching the Tory Conference. It cracks them up every time.
Good thing he grew up with me draped all over him in the backyard to prepare for this moment
That’d be dope. I love black based color schemes for jerseys (hence why the GOAT Jazz jersey is the black and copper)
“I’m always prepared; and, as you said, since I can reach other parts of the city, we already got ourselves an advantage.” Brows raised as she mirrored her father’s smile. This was definitely not on her plans when she was a little girl; she wasn’t much about the vigilante ⊸
Yeah, American Anglophobia runs deep. The Special Relationship is a deep deep affectation. Unless you're talking about me and some other guy. The truth is, Americans like British Stuff/Exports. But not people, institutions, or it's existence.
*Upcoming deadline 2 weeks til extended Individual and Corporate tax returns need to be submitted. Don't forget to eFile your returns to ensure received confirmation of your return from the IRS or you may be hit with a penalty for not filing in a timely manner.
Would love to hear from young black men. What do you think you was born to Manifest? #iwasborntomanifest..finish the sentence Please tag and share. 'Born to Manifest' premiers at  this Friday 7.30
“BREAKING: Blockbuster stories from the New York Times and The Washington Post. Bottom line: The Attorney General is asking... https://www.newsandguts.com/ag-barr-held-meetings-with-foreign-intel-officials-in-attempt-to-discredit-u-s-findings-on-2016-russian-interference/ …
Everyone talked me out of it now I’m returning the favor
Enjoy our latest Blog Post! >> Discover The Secret Of What’s Inside Your Skincare Products — by  Velvety https://buff.ly/2ndX0pp
Yeah Rukia probably the best main female shonen heroine, orihime the worst
So you stuck your chassis in the traffic flow You didn't have to turn and go But who can blame you? Taxi driver cursed you and hit the gas Low ride'a slow to pass Twisting home And you make me feel so good to drive The dashboard is alive It winks and whispers Drive-thru window to
The best thing a nerd could get in the mail on a Monday! The new Umbrella Academy Hotel Oblivion Vol 3 bookplate limited edition signed by  &  from  in London. I love it!…
When this is all over, the GOP is going to owe James Comey and Andrew McCabe a huge apology.
the telly off. Akashi then sets the remote away and approaches the blonde to offer a hand to get up, "But first, we need to clean up your bedroom before sleeping."
laura bc she lost her student ID and doesn’t have enough money to buy a new one and now she can’t eat at the dining halls haha goingskinny
Nya congrats on 1600 followers! *Len hugs her tightly and purrs softly, giving her a nuzzle on the cheek
An uninhabited island in the Atlantic is surprisingly covered in plastic http://flip.it/XjZUxR
Our Benefits Legal Assistance Program Manager got to attend this convening w/ LGBTQ+ community members & legal service providers! Attendees worked on current & emerging needs, community-led movements, & a behind-the-scenes look at programming & decision-making. Great connections!
The full video (to show its true size)  Leaf Grange
Lmao one of the two, from when we used to flame eachother
The Realest Get Treated the Worst but Always Win In the End
lacking all morals is done by Adam Schifty Schiff...Your republic is being torn away by the Democrats. As civil war 2 oh yeah Do you really wanna go up against thy neighbor?? None of that is a good sign, but hopefully you Follow your 2A rights. Gotta protect myself from u all!
|| The only person he ever truly cared for abandoned him and then later married plus had a child with his mortal enemy . And the friends he replaced her with wanted to see her kind dead . So like , a boy will act out .
What a time to be a wrestling fan. So much good stuff happening this week. With that, we’re all fans of the same sport. Enjoy it. Do not belittle someone for liking a different product than you or having a different opinion. Watch the promotions you want and the ones you love.
These California politicians once helped regulate legal marijuana. Now they're working for the industry https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2019-09-29/california-politicians-bureaucrats-pot-marijuana-industry …
NGL, that’s the show I’m looking forward to the most. Yes, even more than Loki.
This made my day! What a grand message for all of us who have LGBTQ relatives whom we guided through the sacraments when they were children.
Makes the last 2 impeachments look like schoolyard antics.
Radio RouteStock is now playing The Dagon's Cashmere Jumper by Ash Walker...Listen live here: https://bit.ly/2zkrRTA
calum hood from 5sos , this is my dog gizmo :) he loves you almost as much as i do! i’ve been a fan of yours for 6 1/2 years & you mean the world to me! you have inspired me to keep singing & songwriting n i’m so grateful for u. pls follow me? it would make me so happy
Nice. Welcome to the world of serious leg workouts.
~ Young Nigerian film makers in the UK are out here making good films! Short & feature... So nice films! I’m making one soon
And then she goes, “I don’t know what I’m gonna do withoutcha D,:” I helped her the most :3
You said that about the Mueller Report. You’re columns since 2016 have been a series of wish lists that never materialize.
If you are interested, please send CV and cover letter to the email on the flyer. Great opportunity for #sponsorship. #Anesthesiology
She’s an ace private detective, would definitely hire her if the Family Chantel private detective wasn’t available... and I couldn’t buy a spy kit on amazon
In the role of Bilingual - Social Media Content Moderator you will innovate, collaborate and lead #digital teams,. Apply today! http://bit.ly/2n2dOzL #WebDesign
Its crazy how much the art improved in Berserk, I love this shit.
If you are a coach & won't make time to open up the gym for your players to "get up some shots," then you aren't very serious in your desire to "work" to build a program. Players model the behavior that they see from adults. So... who is the problem? #CultureWins #Ownership
in what form would you like the answers? Here on Twitter?
So proud to see Konnect sign in the building. After all the things Daniel went through, this is such a big reward. Let’s move forward with only good things from now #kangdaniel #강다니엘
Yeah, McCarthy, Nunes, and Jordan have a combined IQ iof 97, and the integrity of Richard Nixon. #GOPStooges
 genuinely so grateful to you for giving me the confidence i needed to start working for what i want, ilysm
I wonder if it's the same with the diaper fetish. Seems like a higher number of males than females.
have you ever played a game like love live??? basically when you use in game points/currency to “gamble” for items. games like these often have an option to pay real money for more in game currency so you can gamble more to get the items you want
今のヤツ、俺のように踊れない…Don't let me cry! 山籠り In the mountain. Foooo! #TKbot
Thank you and have a good night.. going to watch the #CINvsPIT tonight.... Bengals #DCoordinator Lou Anarumo recruited my way when he coached college ball. He's an incredible football coach and a better man
LOL.... Good luck with that!!! But lets review shall we? You tell me to take a wikipedia's author's guess on what a Penguin was thinking as it sat on an egg seriously and further tell me to discount the bible? Girl are you on dope?
Well we may have not gotten in from the RC but thats fine we will get our chance just gotta keep grinding :)
Nope. Some of y’all are double-cheeked up with the thighs to match, and that’s absolutely okay
Busy day today, we made an arrangement in class prepared for writing papers and now I’m onto making bierocks for our Octoberfest meal. Thankful to have  to taste test since I can’t eat the stuff in the regular bierocks
Stopped playing #Breakpoint for today...because the Lasagna in my oven entertains me more at the moment. :D
your body is imperfectly perfect everyone wants what the other one's working no orange juice
I wonder how 'ol Gov. Bevin is feeling about being joined at the hip to #Trump these days?
My fav coworker said goodbye to me and she got teary eyed and gave me a hug and mind you she’s like in her 60s and she said I was one of the best hall-mates she’s ever had :,3
Big Thumbs down on the new set..Not loving it. But I'm Happy The Pyro is back.
I'm sure DPH knows the source in most of these cases... they just aren't talking...
I had a city tour booked with an airline for layover in Vietnam I never got any info kept chasing it but when i got to the airport they knew all about it.... enjoy
Mmmmm.....don't be fooled by the majestic and mighty animal kingdom.
Please  you must be born again. Once you accept Jesus Christ as your lord and savior all the lions mouths will be closed and you will lead us to peace. God bless you and you familia
I’m making a big effort in October! I’m determined only to go to the pub once a day.
Sorry I'm on a tangent mocha, I wanted the game to be game of the year lmao
Widespread rain across the Sun City. Moderate to heavy rain across parts of the city this evening. Stronger storm is in West El Paso. Drive carefully as you head on out to your evening commute.
The US Postal Service is legit holding the Summer Package hostage at a store I can't get to. Sorry some of us work 9 to 5 jobs and can't be there for delivery.
I watched it so many times as a kid I could never forget the lines..
 it's unlikely that we'll work in concert for the common good due to the fact that any significant changes in our governmental and monetary structures will jeopardize existing advantages. I'm deeply concerned that we'll continue on this trajectory (3/5)
La Regia has the best Al Pastor tacos in the state. Hit them up.
I decided to take a 1-2 week break from writing my book, partly so I could do other art projects, but I spent the AM cleaning instead because I didn’t have a clear plan for the art stuff and knew cleaning would at least produce a clear result.
Don't remember having this new Administration does for the lines worth it? #beer #beerstagram
Wow, even among the Nazis who read Breitbart you still can't get 100% approval.
“Huh I guess I’m not the only one that does that then glad to know I’m not alone at least”
You could yellow or white cake, fruit filling, white frosting and colored roses. Or lemon cake with strawberry fruit filling. Chocolate cake with cherry pie filling in the middle like a Chocolate covered Cherry cake. Or strawberries for Chocolate Strawberry cake.
Yes, but that's the thing. The woke don't give a shit about the lore. All they care is that the lore is problematic, and thus the lore must be **FIXED**. It doesn't matter that you like the lore. It doesn't matter that you're invested in the setting. It must be FIXED.
Integrity and honesty is completely absent in ,  and the rest of the bunch. They either don’t know the definition of hypocrisy or don’t care.
Yes, the truth, of course, U wouldn't know what that is or means. I feel pity 4 U.......lol...NO I DON'T.....lol
This goes well with our word study this week, too—your students made PROJECTILES and you can trace the TRAJECTORY of them!
This is like ground hog day with you two. *sigh* Nope, again... not the point.
Its also my birthday month as well My bday is on the 4th
Wow! You folks know  when you see it, that’s for sure. Well done  for the lightning fast correct answer.
Wish in one hand and jerk off into the other. See which one fills up first.
this is true , gotta be on the same page with that
Oh my god apparently I want someone to love me the way Bruce loves Liz this is a lot to take in tonight!
Jimmy Akin - Judaism, the True Israel, and the End Times https://youtu.be/r_7Eao5Vkgk via
Weren't you in an airline lounge? Those make long layovers bearable. I always recommend people pay the fee for layovers that are more than 3 hours.
Who remembers when we were kids and our friends would sign our shirts at the end of the year?
Excellent show...I just went from recording and watching Special Report to recording & watching The Five...much better information, discussion, dissection, analytical opinion, wit & humor...although I do really like Molly Hemingway when she's on SR. But, I am sold on The Five. TY
He announced with his dad, Skip, and I think he calmed his announcing down. Another great announcer that did not get much airtime in St Louis is Bob Carpenter with the Nationals.
Lancashire Jobs: HR Manager, Clitheroe: Our client, a renowned multi-site food manufacturer with production facilities across the UK, have an exciting opportunity for a highly driven Human Resources Manager to join… http://dlvr.it/RFDRpp For More Jobs >>> Please Go2 our Page!
We Heard All the Outside Noise: Panthers Silence Doubters with Back to Back Road Wins http://carolinablitz.com/2019/09/30/we-heard-all-the-outside-noise-panthers-silence-doubters-with-back-to-back-road-wins-video/ …
Wow. It’s really happening. Investigations are uncovering the truth of what happened.
(Looks at the world) Yeah, that totally checks out.
I really don’t know exactly how it will change but it will be different. So the comment, “college sports is over as we know it” will be true. My hope is it’s not substantially worse. Unfortunately, I think that’s a possibility.
Just off the strength coneheads was 50 gotta cop 3
Whether it’s offering coffee to a colleague, asking about their weekend or giving a smile in the hallway, there are lots of great ways to show kindness in the workplace. How will you intentionally be kind at work…
#RT : On the International Day of Older Persons, WHO launches an app to help health and social workers to provide better care for older people http://bit.ly/2oKcxxF #HealthyAgeing #IDOP2019
Call NEPA tell them Happy Independence and see the magic
HE WAS JUST FLIRTING WITH YOU. listen Rachel,, I love you okay? Okay. BY THE WAY LIKE A DAUGHTER, Not trying to be summoned to the shadow realm.
“She’s No You” was then and still is pop perfection. The guitar, the strings, the beat, the hooks for days.
Why they set themselves up like that? Don gonn be the first one exposed
Please watch it on Naver (alternate with YT) if you have accounts!! We need to keep #ShallWeMVOutNow in the top 10!
The show as a whole, although I’m curious to see if they’ll announce GM’s for the draft next week
Many times the press is the biggest opposition of the Republican party and that gives me a lot of courage. But it is good that by these means we can download it and they no longer take citizens as silly.
Gonna upload this on soundcloud when I get back to the crib, but the challenge is still on
This guy daughter pee’d in the middle of the floor an he came to tell me like I was gon come clean it up
I’ve looked up recipes for pho lmao i can’t eat it though because the broth
£10/h for over 18 is great, though doesn’t that kind of make those without experience have absolutely no chance on getting into work when you can get someone else to do so. Wages should be in line with inflation and if the economy performs well, then both are good policies (1/2)
Pretty neat that the Flyers lost to an SHL team, per me.
HENDHSJSJ it’s just such a funny coincidence she’s a bunch of your biases and has the same name as you
Our program KEYWAYS exists to empower women with education and support in understanding their pain management transition plans. If you or someone you know is interested in our KEYWAYS program please click the link in…
Real peaceful freedom fighters! The kind who destroy public property like subways that workers need to get to work! https://www.sbs.com.au/news/hong-kong-protesters-set-fire-to-subway-station …
— um i think i lost the orig pic so its kinda small haha but i hope dis works https://curiouscat.me/-taejoon/post/996559967?t=1569887852 …
I’m a racial minority there and I still feel like I get preferential treatment, especially from people of color. It’s baffling. I do not always get included in groups, but I am treated with deference. My black convert friend didn’t receive the same, despite her amazing character
seeing freaky south park fans (fujoshis) complaining abt randy episodes is so funny. randys the best character you all know nothing
also can you tell i’ve been getting ready for the 5sos concert thursday
The Crown, pq tão maravilhosa? Terminando a season 2 e olha, ainda bem que comecei hahaha Novembro chegando e trazendo a s3
She needs to be investigated.    When are duly elected Republicans going to do the will of the people and call for investigation of Peelosi? When are you going to loudly and vocally defend/fight for  like Meadows, Nunez, Jordan, Scalise,
You won't hear pim!!! Wait till the finale and see how  x  would enter!! How all your questions would be answered Perfectly ... Am not saying anything again Relax your minds #Khafinators #GPower #khadoni #BBNaija #BBNaija19
My cat and I do this all the time and it makes me laugh so hard lmao
 they 'fixed' ER too. And... 242 damage in the corner with only B231 string + Edenian razors? Am I missing something? I remember being like 200 at best
Whole thing in the pan looking like some rice crispies
i kind of hope so??? so far the only bright colored female are allos (which is nice, but i dont really want to play carnivore) and the female neon styraci skin as far as i can remember (its a very good 1 too). im staying Hopeful but a few of my friends suggested it in discord n-
#blogtalkradio is having difficulties tonight so we will be sharing the show with  Lita and Dr. Jeanette tomorrow evening. Tune in then!
My names Gareth. The British Office dpesnt reflect kindly on the name
Can't attack the facts so you attack the man, congrats
How idiotic if true. Why would you make smaller seats when Americans are getting bigger? Another ploy to increase profits. Pack us in like a can of sardines at the expense of the comfort of traveler. We already pay a ridiculous amount of money for airline tickets w/no elbow room.
Dear Mrs speaker, Trump should be hand cuffed and send to jail immediately! He is crazy.... his people offering $50000. to find the Wiesetlblower. He also wanted to start civil war. Those who support him are not any better. Please be strong. We love you and follow you.
I thought the original battery in a lamp was kerosene. Who knew.
I laugh harder the longer I look at this and I can’t explain why
Get Rid before the #Holidays Skin Tag Removal with Apple Cider Vinegar 2017 https://youtu.be/d_phM3p8VDs via
I () totally get that. And Frankly I think thats exactly why I lean to the gentle side too.
Just ordered my first sample box from  i cant wait to try this new stuff AUSSIE OWNED! always on the look out for Aussie products.. SO EXCITED #energydrink #aussieowned
I’ve seen some people trying to say that the reporter got schooled here, but that couldn’t be further from the truth. He asked a good question and got an articulate, detailed answer. Probably the best journalism I’ve seen all year.
Justin Rose gives a great explanation of what he’s working on. Weight 60/40 Left - Backswing TILT Left (side-bend or left lateral bend). andy_plummer and Mike Bennett introduced this to the golf world in 2007.
I know you’re joking, but because I’m Like This: 1. Eve never blames Adam for it. 2. From the first imagine she didn’t even goad him into eating it, she just offered and he did it. 3. God asked her next and she’s like, “Yeah the serpent told me to do it and I did.”
Really,  ? You pick the Nationals to get into the World Series? Yes, the LA has issues with their bullpen, but the Nats' bullpen is the worst in the league. I predict the Brewers will win the WC game, Dodgers advance to the WS, and find a way to beat HOU to win it.
Can i see the other side real quick i just wanna see the code to make sure
Here at Northeast Early College High School, where the community has a chance to ask questions of AISD officials about the upcoming school closures and changes. Here’s an example of some of the questions so far.
The same that said Hillary will win the election, right?
i used to be obsessed with the movie, LOVED the miniseries, fucking adored jessica keenan wynn in mamma mia so when i found out she was heather chandler i was like
Start your engines and shine your shells, it's racing time! :D Joining  for some Mario Kart with the community!
The average infant falls 38 times PER DAY for up to TWO YEARS until they learn how to walk properly. Next time you feel like giving up ask yourself if you're willing to do the same..
Anna Nicole probably like I'm a course was debating the bank of meeting, overjoyed at these days But the major businesses
the locals on skegee campus are so funny. you can literally spot them from a mile away.
Some fans actually have to work! MLB can do like the NBA and have all games at night. Think about it, there are 16 NBA playoff teams and not one game is during the daytime of a weekday. This is not fair to the fans.
James conner and the steelers defense to outscore juju by at least 43
So I was playing one of the levels in Master Levels, then I loaded up a save for Hell on Earth, then saved over that file. And it thinks I'm still playing Master Levels and saved as that. Now I literally can't progress to the next level on my save because it goes to
 I love the dodgers!!! I hope they win the World Series!!!!
Bleach live action garbage but the guy they got to play ichigo is kinda fine so im allowing it
One thing about Brock potentially being champion again; I’m fine with it if he’s gonna be around 75% of the time. I’m not really down for what he’s been doing for well over 3 years now.
I am confident that  will manage US refugee assistance effectively. https://www.usaid.gov/crisis/venezuela-regional … I do wonder why billions in frozen #Venezuelan assets are not spent to help refugees. The National Assembly has paid bond holders—why can’t they figure out a way feed their people?
My buddies kid is in the system. It’s pretty awesome. I believe Phil’s brother is his coach. He’s also done some amazing work out here
i have zero motivation with the first one and i know i can just do a new one that im happy with in one night :p
I love how different the  looks from different angles.
Wow... So No one is allowed to have wealth if they earned it.... Great way to take the Republican talking points and use them in every argument.
so travis scott is releasing highest in the room same day as summer walker he better not take her shine
I was suppose to roll this blunt up a hour ago & still ain’t moved. Well I did break the weed down so that’s kinda a start
I absolutely loved having the opportunity to talk to our student interns at TCH. They were excited to tell me about their day and the jobs they are learning to do.  18+ Transition Services rock!
Just picked up this classic by Benjamin Graham & David Dodd. The 2nd Edition has all the original content. Several chapters were dropped in newer editions like the popular 6th in favor of commentary by Warren Buffett and others.
looks like she literslly did the opposite to avoid the fact she has to rely on dog filters........ sexy of her
The rng gods in  have realized I'm still alive and playing. I have yet to skip a day of grinding, be it before or after work..or both. This is my first wild shiny, outside community day, since before the shiny regional event... #Relieved and almost cried
16 soccer games this month… 12 for Nolan and 4 for Mae. This was the last play of the month.
Did you notice she has the tRump sniffing disease? She really doesn’t have a clue, just following him over the cliff! tRump is not trying to do what is best for the American people, he is doing what is best for himself.
Imma keep y'all in my prayers. You will need some positive energy during this time because you will be using a lot of yours to handle the situation! You have backup!
Seriously considering taking off work Nov 1 and getting an Airbnb for the NC date.. will the set be anything like the one y’all just did in Charlotte?
The battlefields set #OutlawsNation it is #GameWeek so Friday attire put on some orange #Lacrosse on ... ... ... ... ... ... ...  Championship Weekend in the #MileHighCity #WarDrumRoll #sports…
What, another great KOOP live music presentation? Youbetcha! Join  for a FREE night of local singer-songwriters. Featuring Wil Cope, Melanie Kline, Sam Newbold & Daniel Driver Tuesday, Oct 1  Vostead, 1500 E 6th St. Music begins at 8 PM 21+
The world can be complicated life is not a cake walk you just gotta have balance and be honest with yourself
Thank you Roger Grillo from  coming out to talk to our parents tonight about the #admmodel. We hope the parents who were able to attend were able to get a better understanding of why we are continuing to…
Why the FUCK is it that I like black women, but black women don’t like me? IM FED UP.
UNIBET REVIEW Rating: Live Streams Excellent App The Streak feature Review https://www.racingbase.com.au/reviews/unibet-com-au-review/ …
the worst feeling is stepping on ur pet and they run away from your apologies IM SO SORRY OK FORGIVE ME
Lol, what’s the settlement? Do the strippers have to return the money?
I do know. In fact, for just three easy payments of $59.95 I'd be willing to share *with you* my insight on how to safely invest in previous metals and prepare for the coming collapse. All right there, in my pamphlet. Act now, and I'll include this rare gold eagle coin.
Senior theology class talking about the Trinity and the Prof asked for visual aids of the Trinity and the best thing anybody came up with was to ALL of our chagrin a fidget spinner
The director of my programme just read my 12,000 word dissertation and gave me some really great advice. Step 2 to getting this ish published. And THEN imma send it to all the gay clubs that were mentioned in the UK so they can maybe 1% be inspired to address their racism.
I am heading to Nashville from Phoenix for the game. Hoping for Allen!
Y’all I’m real real proud of myself here. At the mall getting my laptop fixed, and they’ve got some banging DeBussy playing over the speakers. Knew the suite name and the NUMBER off the top of my head!! #MusicMonday #isthattoomuchclassical
Man's popping xans in the white house and browsing Breitbart lmao
Well people have but it took 2 elections and the voting population to threaten by voting the nationalist party.
i hope one day i’m as confident as the kid in my writing class who wants to copyright her idea before pitching so other students don’t steal it
He one of them type to get hella 1s and put a hundred on the top and show it off
Travis, you started your sobriety the same day as my brother. Thank you for posting about your journey and your struggles - it’s helping me help and understand him. Your voice matters - you are helping others - addicts and non alike - while you model caring for yourself. Onward!
The sad truth is that opportunity doesn't knock twice.
Dunno if you guys have seen Australian politics the last decade, but we voted for like 30% of our prime ministers. The others came to power through leadership spills.
I just went thru a rollercoaster of emotions. From warmth to heartbreak..right to the very end.... Im legit crying...secco's emotional breakdown... Omg. You did an AMAZING job on this.. Their emotions are written so clear on their faces!! I dont have enough words! beautiful!
Happy #NationalPodcastDay and welcome to the  : An RPG Podcast with myself and  Give the episode a listen right here on ! We'll have iTunes and other links ready as they show up!https://anchor.fm/journeyoflegend/episodes/GreedFall-Impressions-and-MMO-Addiction-e5mt6f/a-ap8ff5 …
Sign up for #family fun events for #Science, #Technology, #Engineering, #Art, and #Mathematics ( #STEAM) in the #SanFrancisco Bay area. #Oakland https://cmun.it/ruyh45n
Dude dunking on Trump is the closest thing in politics to a guaranteed winner in the long run.
i really love having the money to help support my friends
Tasmania wins the toss and will BAT first against South Australia. You can follow every ball here LIVE from 10.30am (EST) http://bit.ly/2oLwsMI #MarshCup #SAvTAS
Way to go, Dan! Can you feel the love? We all appreciate you and the wonderful things you do for We the People!!! I have my copy of your book, too!
imagine if monster house didnt exist. the darkest timeline
The CCP teaches us all a great life lesson: the more you demand respect or trust or deference, the less you'll get of it. Hence why Xi's efforts to cajole the country into seeing him as "the person who made China strong in the world" are absurd
Until then see all hopefully I’ll be able to finish the book as it’s not my type any tips o make it easy for me lovely ladies !
Conversely, 53% of cardiac deaths occur while in the care of the hospitals! Just saying.. #cvd #jokes #exercise #weightlossjourney
I know this is old but it’s so good I had to post it this is gonna be a classic vid in the future I swear, I love it to death it’s a really great vid watch it as many times as you like and tag some of your…
Yeah having looked more into the context it's actually pretty complicated. But I suspect the micro-theory here only makes sense when learners are switching from a non-mother tongue to a mother tongue.
8 million dollars. Yes, I believe she did get 8 million from mostly clueless, the royalties and the 50 other nameless acts she's been in.
I'm fairly sure that Pompeo is the brains behind the business. He and Barr need to go.
Captains not beating Pain.Pain 1 shots all of them.Speed don't matter if you can't touch your opponent like Obito can't be touched.Also none of the captains at the start of the series can fly without brooms,Pain,Konan & Deidara can.Pain would just fly over them & all mighty push.
Do not forget to pronounce the "S" at the end of Illinois! Ill-A-Noise
Wow u can actually crop & change the angles on videos with the new iOS
Gota love a good rort .....all the way to the Pope ....few kids happened to priests as well ....child molestation ....money theft via brainwashing.... Realistate gains via brainwashing...... Got it all....now zero tax .......must have high connections 1%ers realm ....
Time to read Anne Rice’s  excellent, historically delightful “The Witching Hour” again for Autumn. I read it every October. The story and settings really jumpstart my #imagination. #Halloween #horror #autumnvibes
There is nothing like text messaging a friend when I’m hysterically crying knowing she will drop EVERYTHING right that second to calm me down. God bless the friends Taylor has brought into my life the past few years. I’d be nowhere without ALL of you
 I don’t know why it took me so long to ask this but do you happen to play on Xbox?
Streaming Tales of Berseria aka Stress Relief: The Video Game!!! [Casual Play-through || Chaos Difficulty] * Watch for spoilers! * No backseat gaming. (I’ll request help if I need it~) * Multitude of gay jokes and tangents!* Have fun! https://www.twitch.tv/vigilantgay
Yes! It’s the best especially when your parents share their stories that put yours to shame
Well, I prefer the WWE, then Football and tennis. Those are my favorites
Your transcript is very clear. You said how much you have done for them and you need a favor.. look into wrongdoing by Biden and son. WHO GAINS from that investigation? You do, trying to find dirt on an opponent you may face in the upcoming election. You are not fooling anyone.
Do the scammers not get it? U called earlier and i knew u were a scammer so why r u calling again like I’m just gonna pick up n call u out
Dude. One day I could be listening to Country Roads, and the next I could be listening to Swinecologist. Your choices aren't that strange in comparison to a lot of other people. You fit in alright though.
En example of #opinions #best kept to yourself...and the #irony .
What you said is her saying legitimately that she would love it if they said death to all Jews. President Trump said "wouldn't you love it if an owner said.." not "man I would love it if owners called their player a son of a bitch." Do you not know the difference?
We are excited to have , VP,  presenting on Third-Party Risk at #DRJFall during a Breakout Track. Not only does he know the topic inside and out, but it is one of his favorites! #ThirdPartyRisk #BusinessContinuity
Thank you! Yea I don’t dwell on it too long. What bothered me was my lack of consistency more than the stats themselves. But that’s just a motivation to better organize my time next month.
i happy you will continue your music! cheers and support from the Philippines
The whistleblower is the true American in all of this. Thank goodness this has come to light!
I probably could have easily been one of those guys, but I had people that knocked the shit out of me for that behavior.
Don’t you just miss the old days but then you like fuck it lol
Amen. Father, let the enemy be crushed under the heel of our blessed Mother. May thy glory shine and open many hearts.
The place I've worked for for the last 3 months is a bit further away, so I needed an additional public transport zone and spent days off exploring the possibilities (they just changed their zones -> more options). Seeing this 1st from the bus was quite a nice surprise
And what does Congress and the Supreme Court have to say about that? Since when do we have to follow Russian law in the United States? Or is that to prevent the Collusion to steal the 2016 election from becoming public? #ImpeachmentIsComing
Love and Basketball was a horrible movie because they had this song playing in the background and it didn’t even match the scene because this song had nothing to do with it
Are Cloud Autonomics, Automated Management and Optimization Around the Corner? https://www.channelfutures.com/cloud-2/are-cloud-autonomics-automated-management-and-optimization-around-the-corner …
And that’s a W against Metro. Homeruns from Izzy Miller and Jada Vence, and a grand slam by Claire Curran! Olivia Stewart with 11 Ks. Proud of this group of girls ready to move forward with the season!
i look forward to my future... all the growth, love and happiness it’ll bring me.. unfathomable
The tr*mp supporting should've been the nail in the coffin for think pieces about this man & his relationship to blackness. Y'all making threads about this gospel album for what??
Rick glaser knows the exact number and how many kilos of popcorn was sold at the theatre too
the discussion on it was actually encouraging tho. everyone was like yeah it’s bullshit m8 and then whipped out receipts on classism and elitism and bollocks
Did you read what I wrote? Curtis does the recruiting. Manning sells it to ownership and takes care of the more administrative end.
She's no Patty Duke, but I get the point. She had to clean herself up to run again, because the Presidency is her due and if she can win by hook or crook this time, she can stop the "drain the swamp" stuff. She's trying to preserve her natural habitat.
 Mister Pan since you are pro science, and the vaccine are safe for my kids can you sign your name to be liable for vaccine injured for my kids since my doctor and the vaccines manufactures won’t?
aren't you shame yet for charing $16 dollars a pack of cigarettes yet the days were below $3 dollars a pouch for rolling tabacco out of the greenich villagea mob police precincts to across a china town into a nolita, all registers outside rents from off a soho along
Cell phones operate on frequencies all over the map. Also consider they also do Bluetooth and WiFi. Get the security right there’s no reason Bluetooth wouldn’t be a good fit. A modern phone would really have no problem.
I feel the same way but it can be hella expensive and I usually feel over dressed but also don't give a shit? The struggle!
 still saying Trevor Lawrence is the best player in CFB is such a square move. He’s not even top 5
Congratulations! I'm climbing my way out now and realizing that there's absolutely no hurry. I'm done buying into the stuff that 'everyone' says.
I had a child from the back seat of a car yell at me “my sister just farted!!” And when they rolled up the widow there was a muffled scream. Truly a good experience
I’ve never been a fan of his fight style but he’s getting a lot better and more versatile. He started showing that the fight before the Spence fight so I wasn’t really surprised s Spence I’d like to see him vs Crawford seeing he’s not getting a rematch
my voice teacher for 6(?) years had the cutest ocean themed bathroom!! the back of the door had a picture where you could look for different kinds of exotic fish when you were in there!
Might as well get their prints into the system right after you weigh them.
This looks like Marshawn Lynch taking the cart for a spin at Cal again.
Go check out my insta story for a quick insight into the Mika Rae Boutique links in bio w a fun discount code
alessia when she realizes she can’t delete october from the calendar and has to go through the month like everyone else
FYI: Robert Whitaker's daughter is wearing a "bobby knuckles" t-shirt on the new #ufc embedded show.
“Nah I’m fine. You take the bathroom first. I can hand you your bowl of trix when you come downstairs.” She paused for a moment as she moved, her feet settling on the carpet floor. The carpet strands tickling her feet. “I could have sworn trix was for kids.” She teased.
It's denial like this that turns off others to the Bernie whitewash messiah pedestal. That's why Warren is gaining. You're eyes are blinded by what you want to see and not what's really there. My top choices are Warren first, then Bernie, for good reason. Good luck with denying.
Happy birthday to Pony aka Katrien aka Kathryn aka my travel buddy aka the sister who came into my room to pull my leg while i was asleep due to headache! Thank you for being such a wonderful sister to me and take care of me. More adventures await for us, i love you!  – at The Courtyard By Pavilion Hotel
All politicians have gone to sleep on suburban rail. They are busy with celebrations and discussing about how great they are and what their party has done which was not done for 60 years. When both State and Central parties being the same suburban rail should be fasttracked.
I am going to be in Milton Keynes on the 18th, 19th and 20th October. I am taking 1 to 1 bookings for mindset coaching and hypnosis. Please message me.
the only positive of having superm target north america is that I don't need to stay up late or wake up super early to watch the MV
 by the way, I got a new roof going on today. No thanks to you claims people.
Does it spin around repeatedly in circles looking for the docking station like my roomba
This what it looks like when you ask your 5th graders to find their favorite spot in the classroom! #cfbproud, #kentrocks ⁦ ⁩
understand the truth bout that question in your soul
Can only imagine how the SmackDown stage will look like
How about we get the best actor for the part. Nah. Can't do that.
A monoclonal antibody prevents the virus from fusing with cell membranes to gain entry -- ScienceDaily - https://alayaran.com/a-monoclonal-antibody-prevents-the-virus-from-fusing-with-cell-membranes-to-gain-entry-sciencedaily/64839/ …
(ever since my kidney deal on the Chinese blackmarket) I prefer not to discuss the monetary value of my life with strangers online.
You tried to break my heart? 너 내 마음을 슬프게 하려고? Oh, that breaks my heart 오, 그거야말로 슬프네 That you thought you ever had it 네가 내 마음을 가졌다고 생각하다니 No, you ain't from the start 아니, 처음부터 그런 적 없었어 [Lizzo - Truth hurts]
So trying to get to the truth is wrong? I mean I know honest pursuit of the truth is a new concept for the NYT but for most folks it seems a reasonable course of action when you have had an attempted coup.
A green hat may be just the thing to inspire you toward adventure. (#8)
I wish Seungri had a chance to bring TGS to the US. I was really hoping to go. *sigh* It’s okay. He’ll be back with the hyungs. 1000%. Trust.
Well he better get on the target and indict people before 20/20. We are tired of all the dem/ msm shit. I wish I had a dollar for every time I have read the AG is over the target
Hai Hai the new name for the PPP party #BreezeBlockHead
If there is ANY justice left in the American Justice System, lying Adam Schiff will be tried and convicted for treason and hung.
But Cool Cat, you can't have a lawsuit against someone over tweets, doesn't that violate the first amendment
While Technology is improving and Technology People are keep on learning and discovering what the technology has to offer, there are some profession like Doctors who stop from learning and begin working for...
Calm down bud. I know it's easy to get worked up on the internet but just breathe in an out. Maybe looking at my stuff will calm you down :)
SCRAEMING THREE WEEKS OF VACATION PER YEAR, ONE destination TWO STAYCATION :foaming at the mouth: okay I'm getting nudged closer into radicalization here
1. The only person pretending to *know* this stuff is you. 2. Very little this president has done in the past few months is not impeachable.
THEY COULD HAVE JUST MADE THAT ABILITY A TELEPORT STRIKE! THAT IS LIKE THE #1 THING TERMINATOR ARMOR DOES! IT TELEPORTS! SO WHO MADE THE DECISION TO MAKE IT FUCKING JUMP??
NVE is on the Culture Train! Activities in deck for the month and a little sweet surprise each week from admin...personal notes for all faculty and staff from admin and colleagues and a reminder that it’s Important to Laugh! #OctoberSpiritMonth #WeveGotSpirit #HowBoutYou #CatchIt
I like to think of  as being bad for business (partners) on a 10-year scale, and great for humanity on a 100-year scale. Both can be simultaneously true, and there's nothing inconsistent with disliking him for the former, while appreciating him for the latter.
Ramp worker who solved the problem is a true American Hero!
Don't think for one second that with everything going on with democrats. It's not that demographics have changed as to why dems are winning districts they had no chance of winning. It's because of voter fraud! That's why they don't want voter id! Corrupt to the core!
I made a table top but I can't make the base properly. I need woodworking help.
 Read this carefully. Look at the date. Look who wrote it. Is this just a coincidence, or was this the plot “they” used against Trump?
Violent offenders to serve two-thirds of jail sentences as automatic release at halfway point abolished https://www.telegraph.co.uk/politics/2019/09/30/violent-offenders-serve-two-thirds-jail-sentences-automatic/?WT.mc_id=tmg_share_tw … via  - doubtless the leftist media will be convulsing, but another vote winner for
O C T O B E R S P E C I A L Half Price special. Tuesday - Thursday 9:30 to 11:30 Hair  would love to make you feel glam for your day whether at the office or for a fab lunch! book now for your fab new do!
You are the best President ever, thank you Mr. Trump!
Absolutely LMAO AND Nancy Pour it On Pelosi with her BS about how this is about the constitution and not political LMAO DOES SHE THINK ANYONE BELIEVES THAT SHIT LMAO
Why can’t we just have stuffing year round it is the superior carb?!?!
Media meltdown vids when  gets re-elected will be almost as awesome as 4 more years of a President who actually cares about the USA.
brooke doing a snapchat story where shes like shaking & crying on the side of the road bc she totaled her car on a deer was maybe one of the strangest things to ever wake up to. however i respect her dedication to turning that situation into live snapchat entertainment. her mind
RIGHT ugh her voice... i haven’t looked the lyrics up yet but apparently the song is abt pining galolio so i’m like OK
we’re literally the same person as i was also about to sing the praises of darjeeling express. if you have time to explore recommend walking around brick lane, and make sure you stop by libreria bookstore - the cutest little spot!
ITS THE MOST WONDERFUL TIIIMMMMEEE OF THE YEEEAAARRER
I’m not even jealous of the luxuries, just the peace of mind and freedom. not having to worry about your credit score tanking, being on a strict budget, having mommy/daddy to fall back on for funds. That’s what I’m jealous of.
The Truth About Apple TV+ https://youtu.be/O2i68VjNhXc via
All great candidates spoke to Gerald Davies on the way home from Bilbao last year an absolute gent & he looks in tremendous shape...How fast was as Gerald Davies Dad ?
ME natural has several 10 healing bath ingredients in the Bathe & Body bath soak; for soothing, relaxation, and pore clearing. Feel refreshed after your bath.
Arsenal are prepared to step up their pursuit for Wilfried Zaha by offering Crystal Palace cash plus three players in a bid to lure him to the Emirates. http://dld.bz/h9XHf
Thanks Your opinion does mean a lot to me, so I'm more comfortable in my nontransphobic feels Hopefully I never have to reenter the dating scene anyway, but it was something in the back of my mind that made me think am I as good an Ally for my Son & others,as I can be.
but guess whose on their way to the gym? me & asma cause we’re WINNERS!!! #youheardmeAra
Speaking of which, I'd like to announce the launch of an app I made this weekend, a digital tribute to the 20th century artist Robert Rauschenberg. Enjoy! https://rauschenberg.app
No one said that raising them muslim impeaches on your duty to raise them independant, educated and respectful; infact, raising them muslim will give them those qualities. Mate children dont understand the law, healthy diet or importance of education, you enforce them anyway
Good point about cages. If you care so much now, do you care that it was the former admin that built those cages and actually put families into them? Did you care then?
Are the pieces tiny and easily lost? If so, you’re good
Teaching your children kindness and compassion is one of the greatest gifts - let’s pass it on! #KindnessMatters #Compassion #Children #Teach
#NP #NowMinistering Chicago Mass Choir - I Believe In The Power Of God. #DAFGospelRadio #PCT Download our APP
Can't wait to read what y'all are creating. I'm sure they're all gonna be worth the wait!
In 2018 the Hispanic Federation launched a five-year coffee initiative with playwright  Miranda’s family to help revitalize the coffee sector on the island. Founding partners include , ,  and .
They want to write their books now..while the iron is hot and the public might buy and read..lol..next year will have more retirements or quits and more books..too many..lol
Ready for some new Trivia? Come see  Trivia tonight  in the  sponsored by . We'll start in about 20 minutes. A clue for tonight? Of Course! And Half-priced Gravy Fries during Trivia!
Give me the money in an envelope shaped like a play button
Returns of the Creativity!!!!! https://www.patreon.com/posts/returns-of-30382086?utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter&utm_campaign=postshare … Please, check me out and give honest feedback. Spread the links, spread the word. Help a starving artist once more feel the joy of working for the masses!
And those are not even the LASER & ENERGY WEAPONS! The Admiral
"Life became dangerous, the day we all became famous, no one cares if ur happy, just as long as you claim it"
She's been to the tRump school of rhetoric -- "People are saying..." "I hear all the time..." Nest: "When I talk to strong women they cry for joy..." #tytlive
Call me me a lunatic but I think the Bengals win tonight #WhoDey
Lmao cowgirls thought they could hold up against the saints really
EXCUSE ME I'm about to go into a meeting and saw this i-  you're the BEST (FYI everyone the hoodie is v comfy, Miss Eve made points)
My heart is so incredibly heavy the world lost a wonderful soul today.
One of my best friends sister is getting married and she invited me and a plus one to attend the wedding.. My friend just messaged me saying he is taking away my plus one so that he can invite more of his other friends???
Tacha wants a female winner, please Titans vote Mercy to make your favorite wish come through, Mercy is the only one that really cared about her, it's just unfortunate that her fight with Mercy got everyone angry. #BBNaija
I hope so too!! also yea I prefer to use the scout in early game as a shotgun more than anything else... I wonder if it gets picked up more next season as a result of these changes tho
 comes in for the save !!! Best damn airline employee, give that man a
Cool I had chocolate on my forehead the entire time I was at printmaking (:
Seriously... it all just tastes like burnt coffee any way they fix it I never had this opinion until I tried some of the small local coffee shops in the area. Mind blown at the difference
Two years after Hurricane Maria hit Puerto Rico, coffee farmers are still feeling the effects. Major coffee producers including  and  are contributing to the relief effort by sending trees and seeds to help rebuild the land. http://www.uscannenbergmedia.com/2019/09/30/coffee-initiative-launched-to-help-farms-after-hurricane-maria-but-some-say-its-not-enough/ …
Yes, funny, JC couldsue thearse off the BBC Bloody Bullshit Coorporation as I callit now todayto myfreinds eventhough I love it as I applied for Chairman all those years ago afterthe tragic DavidKelly affair ( there wasanother Kelly inthe USA ) after GavinDavis fell on his sword!
My son loves the prints my husband bought him. They're framed and waiting to be displayed. My husband also said, you do custom work?
Is it a Neo-Pangea ? Am wondering - what if the video is actually played reversedly
“Kanye played the album for fans in Detroit, then he played the album for his hometown of Chicago the following day.” but we don’t get to hear it? Is this kanye’s church mentality? Segregation lol. https://www.xxlmag.com/news/2019/09/kanye-west-jesus-is-king-release-date-delayed/?utm_source=tsmclip&utm_medium=referral …
It’s low key throw the rock hide your hand drama Facebook gone deliver it to yo front door
Money has a lot to do with it and the only way working together would even make the slightest of significance is if the people at the top chose to do so as well
About 20 million children are homeless and abandoned to this day. Help and support the Abandoned Children's Fund today!! Even the tiniest donation is a really big help!! Donate:  #spreadawareness #saveachildslife #AbandonedChildrensFund
She could think of quite a few things. “U... um, the feeling of sunlight on your skin? The taste of lemon bars? Getting flowers on your birthday?”
but look at the size difference thogdhskks cute ;;
Nah, literally every fandom has some sort of messed up sexual thing (ie: loli and shota with weebs) Furries are the only ones to recognize it and say "hmm, well how can we make this legal and safe for everyone" instead of "ahhh! Hide it, for we are ashamed!"
Congratulations to the Frontier Football Team for winning their 3rd game in a row! #Mustangs #KeepWorking
I'm losing my mind in my video of the anchor from Mohegan at the beginning you can hear me  like Me: it's the anchor Devin: is it the anchor? Me: it's.... the anchor Devin: it's the anchor??? Me: it's the anchor Devin: oh my god it's the anchor
 notified the presenters and speakers well before the event that Antifa was planning to disrupt and needed increased security...SO where were the  while this was happening?
good news. He was as troublesome as  alien symbiote beard as well as worthless  the stubby legged corgi :p
Filmmakers you have until tonight to utilize the 10% coupon OIFFSEPT! Please excuse our website growing pains! Use this link via  in the meantime. #submityourfilm #FilmFreeway #waivercode #submissionwaiver
A family friend of then Secretary of State #JohnKerry also joined #BurismaHoldings board. U.S. agricultural giant #Monsanto ( #AgentOrange) got a Ukrainian contract soon after the overthrow. First, post-coup #Ukraine #finance minister was American citizen..https://consortiumnews.com/2019/09/26/what-isnt-mentioned-about-the-trump-ukraine-scandal-the-routine-corruption-of-us-foreign-policy/ …
Excellent articles and interviews. Thanks “Ice Girl” for the RTLove My Knights
Abolishing the Capital Gains Tax would make sure you never pay tax on any of your savings, I want the Government out of my savings account! #MakingCndsRicher The only party with a plan #PeoplesParty
One of the girls I’m babysitting said, “I love you because you are beautiful and you are nice. I’m glad you are babysitting us.”
Thank you Kirste for defending the presidency.. every single life is on the line. Our very freedom is at risk.. P.S. ......i loved all your movies your reality show... one of the best! Ever!! Way before all the Bullshit started.. God bless... I live in Maine too!.
Win A Scholarship To The Online Energy Psychology Certification ($7500 Value) #giveaway #winhttps://kingsumo.com/g/c2vdkm/win-a-scholarship-to-the-online-energy-psychology-certification-7500-value/m8r8dnr …
bought a new wallet after having the same wallet since 8th grade that has been falling apart for years. feelin like i have my life together
Happy anniversary to my beautiful wife. What an incredible journey we are having with our beautiful family. Love you to the moon and back #weddinganniversary #lovethisgirl #14yearsstrong  Beach
ECONET IS SO ROMANTIC! LOL .....unenge uchida kureplyer Bae hantie ka....utorine mari yekutenga bundle hanti ka? ...then wobva wazama kutenga bhanduru hanti ka?.. Then the legendary Econet Zimbabwe deducts...
 - like I said before TEXAS will always be RED! Also - you are full of crap and need to retire of the government! Did your dentures slip out during your speech here in Austin? Lol
Nick Pope: I am convinced that extraterrestrial life is out there and more on that I am convinced, that this life is already here. ——- Not an exact quote but the essence.
i kinda want hobi and her sister to do the cns challenge but first, uhm sope? hyung lines??? wun?
King Jebo FTW! I #VoteEbobisse for  Player of the Week!
Ummm no. They have really pretty bands for the apple watch. Adults know that.
Hail to the Pod! Former NFL Pro Bowler  &  hold NOTHING back as they dismantle the 0-4 Redskins' start Listen free on Apple, Spotify, etc. after every game + subscribe to The Athletic for bonus episodes of HTTP. https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/week-4-review-whose-fault-is-this/id1477653711?i=1000451827890 …
Thomo towing the party line Stewart calls it as he see s french eddie allways there. So thomo Pick the splinters out yer erchie
Alright. I'm gonna say it. The Roval was a fun race. But this year's Coke 600 was still better. #NASCAR
tell these dudes to holla man i’ll put on a great show for the good people out there
Never that the clippers always choked in the playoffs lol I’m saying in general as a fan base we always bringing up the past like we some cowboy fans
What's going on in #Peru is definitely interesting & probably is more of the President's order to dissolve the Congress & has sent police to forcefully stop the vote.
Dear : Having now left government service - after having seen the reality of US-Turkey relations up close - do you think Ankara deserves a veto over American remembrance of the #Armenian #Genocide?
I apologise for not replying to all the people who DMed me recently :( I'll make sure to do so ASAP!
The 3d printer has few areas in which it can compete making things, but in making prototypes of many things it excels, making prototypes that can be plastic moulded.
The authority figure for young lady (mom/gma?) called for dismissal of these three boys for their dastardly deed. Well well , since little girl made it up, seems like she should be dismissed. Doubt that will happen
lol i thought twitter was just for the jokes you pressed as shit
Tune in to #FlashbackRadio as we are #nowplaying Sly Fox - Lets Go All The Way (Clean) (Extended) Log-on at http://flashbackradio.co.uk to listen or activate the Flashback Radio UK Skill on #Alexa. we play 24-hour a day classics from the heart of the UK. Enjoy!
Wising you all the best today and always. Happy birthday
"Oh. Well, I'd be glad to coin that term, then. I'd give my anything and everything to see to the safety of my loved ones."
At least the young people are talking for themselves, not like the poor puppet utilised for the farmers.
Boom! Another one bites the dust! Top House Armed Services Republican Mac Thornberry won't seek reelection
I can not get through on the phone...we should be able to leave a message and someone call us back. I do have an agents number and left messages and he hasn't gotten back to me. It's been 3 days.
This is beautiful and you look like you belong in the sea (even more so with the blue hair)! Grats on your terrific purchase.
Only by GODS grace will u be able to salvage the children.. Remember inu ile ni a n ti ko esho r'ode.. After all your mentorship these children will still go home to meet the corrupt elders that will still wash away your good deeds.. Is it not adviceable you give up on them too
Hmmmm now that you say this, reincarnation an trans seem like it can go hand in hand.. seems like it’s possible based on this that the soul of a male gets reincarnated in a females body
Let me check my servers first... wait, someone wiped them! Hmm let me see what the DNC thinks... oh, they undercut the leader and gave me a free pass to the finals... and lied about it. Yay for patriotism!!
People really dislike being black out here.. I absolutely love waking up to the same brown skin everyday like what???
TEMBO THE BADASS ELEPHANT for free now! https://www.microsoft.com/p/tembo-the-badass-elephant/c28vpjv3nzm9 … #XboxLive #GamesWithGold #XboxOne
I don’t anymore with apps- just pick up where I left off later. The bf on the other hand can do 10 minutes easy. It’s like he was jonesing for his phone the whole time he was driving.
Okay, in some positive news: this is the book I am reading this week! Purely coincidental - I have a reading list a mile long and I put you on mine a while back.
Adso, joins the Fraser clan on his own terms with encouragement by his two humans, Clare and Jamie
The lies pile up.....I hope she gets caught in her web.
This was a fascinating story that made the drive home from actually enjoyable!!! Loved the guests walking us through the story and all the historic news reports you included. Even some vintage  sounds in there!! Thanks for this!!!
Best President ever! Stay strong and keep up the fight! Know we are behind you.
HE NEEDS TO SHARE HIS LOCATION his location is the streets..so he could be anywhere
 Prime minister of pakistan Make a kingdom of pakistan Bring strong in pakistani passport US & PAK combine with the embassy Passport & iD card of pakistan all over the world Be equall to america Make pakistan world largest bussiness country
The Great and Mighty Warlock astoundingly howls Dancing Wounds (using a 8th level spell slot) in the general direction of Dave, who is A Human, and not a robot!
Well you might wanna save your prayers for a more noble cause...Like clarity of your thought process because God is not the author of confusion and all this person is, is confusion...on a global scale..
Never thought was It's not bad for the planet either
Feet to the pavement...Thank you to the Western Hill Community for your support and allowing Willie Simmons to share his Future Forward plan for the Central District.
It’s an arbitrary number. I still don’t get why ppl are consumed with the number of followers.
Well, good to know where the white supremacists stand. They stand with you.
In 60 short days...I will be seeing the magnificent Tom Hiddleston in #Betrayal on Broadway. ...gunna die...
omg but he’s SO PRETTY when he faced the camera I gasped out loud
 any explanation as to why there is a CL Cr7 on the transfer market with no stat boosts either
y'all my Mondays these few weeks will literally be the best. I get tale of nokdu AND I have half day next money and then the day off on the money after next week. I am WINING
I’ve got #Nationals winning the #NLWildCard on TBS.
Women supporting women Mercy the last female standing for the money. Let's support our own African women. #BBNaija #VOTEMercy
Whoever post their kids as political tools and ask for #S386 support, tell me why Korean parents and their Kids should be forced out, but Indians have the privilege to abuse H1B and Green cards! You know long wait before coming to US! Don't brand racism as equality and diversity.
WebcomRadiobot is playing Bedouin Soundclash - When The Night Feels My Song [http://webcomradio.co.uk ]
#RAW coming up soon! All I have to say is, I’m very excited for this show and I truly hope that the changes that has been promised truly becomes reality. Let’s all sit back and enjoy the start of a packed wrestling week, the new era begins! #RAW
Listening to music &' looking for the love of my life
Did they know this was coming & orchestrate *that* as a distraction? Have they not figured out yet that good journalists can walk & chew gum at the same time? And has trump not figured out by sheer dint of leaks so far that nothing he says or does is confined to his sycophants?
You have to follow the right people and build a bit of a conversational relationship with them... there is great conversation here but there are a ton of lookers who just read tweets... Balance is important too. Cant be crazy in one direction or the other. :)
 showing ultimate respect for the opponent he knocked out #salute #bareknuckleboxing
omg a bunch of us were waiting for the lift in my flat and i could hear rly faint classical music but i thought it was just the reception speakers then we got in the lift and i could still hear it, & eventually it was just me and this one other guy and i was like uh is that you
Its that time again ASU PURGE IS BACK Get ready for the scariest night Join us at state Sunday night for the offical homecoming kickoff ! Tickets are on sale NOW ! Get them before they sell out ! WILL YOU SURVIVE THE PURGE
And y’all still getting brave with the 20 cowriters credited on “Queen”
I mean, pretty sure I'm the best expert on the size of your tiddies around, so. Yes.
 Happy Birthday to the one and only Katrina Law and no one deserves all the happiness that you have right now in your professional and private life.
It is by far and away one of the best words we have, its incredibly versatile.
Well they were stored on the correct classified server and then went through the cabinet for review as per the law.
Enjoyed all 60. Not that I needed encouragement, but I am really pumped for the season, and feel like I know a little bit about all the teams I’ll see. Just adds to the experience. Thanks again.
From my experience, a few can be convinced, but the overwhelming majority need to be convicted.
Whistleblower's lawyer: Trump’s reported statements call the whistleblower a “spy” who should be harshly punished. He also cites that on right-wing social sites, Trump supporters have placed a $50,000 reward for the identity of the whistleblower. https://www.nydailynews.com/news/politics/ny-whistleblower-trump-federal-protection-20190930-dul5by6l3raqna7hns56xuenp4-story.html …
I can’t stop thinking about that bit in Pretty Woman where she’s eating a croissant and it cuts to her suddenly eating a pancake in the same shot. And it’s such a shame but otherwise it’s a perfectly accurate depiction of sex work. So close but so far. Ugh.
They aren't gaining seats, but the GOP will probably take back some of the existing ones after redistricting. I tend to think the commission will create a fairly safe Dem seat and the others will be R-leaning.
As we celebrate our nation's independence, here's wishing all Nigeria citizens the best the nation has to offer. As we remember our national heroes today, let's renew our pledge to always uphold our national unity so that we can live together in peace and harmony.
Come out Sunday, November 10 to taste placed-based craft beers from local brewers inspired by Bay Area landscapes at the fourth annual San Francisco Bay Area Beers Made by Walking Tapping Event! * San…
lol this is the equivalent of polling a gay bar to see if the patrons stan carly rae jepsen
In a stoke of irony...  your book was the only book that I ever gave to my Dad. Wish he would have read it
I want a  tshirt. Also . I want to rep all the nerdy gov agencies and departments that are getting us through this fact-free nightmare.
Dead #BBNaija is the gift that keeps on giving they will go and forge another category and come back with another joke
I feel that. wishing you the best of luck. try to take some time to relax when you can. your mental health is a priority too
Wait hold I’m not ready yet. Is this a complete change to the map? Or can you still play the old version?
the flipside of the lapdog male, is the females who exist with the understanding her role is to stroke the egos of men, giving them encouragement, feel-goods - this constitutes a pitfall for stroking is dangerously akin to 'permission'. We mujst be on guard!
Winning my fantasy game by 0.2 points. Other guy is done. I have Tyler Boyd. Do I play and get some extra points, or bench to not risk negatives, and take the gaurunteed win?
Maybe. It’s at the Machado AAV. How far up do you go 35 AAV? That’s 245 for 7, better to go 8 at 260
The new job has been a ton of firsts. Today was the day I finally felt like I’ve earned the title of #librarian with my first book display.
Today is International Day of Older Persons. Almost 2/3rds of people registered with the NDSS are over the age of 60. We’re proud to be able to say we are here for you. #UNIDOP
I think the big difference is that kpop companies are more open about their groups being manufactured, meanwhile western ones try to pretend like their artists are growing ~naturally~ and self writing/producing everything
the 4th free step was another kotori ur. a third copy just to be on the safe side. she's a scorer too so i can't sell her
The going to Mars is a Lie...We never went to Mars There are evidences that there are not equipments that would keep people safe from Radiation at such high distance. Even the guy who got famous about it confessed is a Lie.
My coworker: “I love my girls BBW” Me: “Is that why you go to the gym?”
Woke up from a nap and the house is cleaned, laundry is done and pizza was ready. I’m so thankful for my man
I love that whole episode but that is easily one of the best parts. I need to find the one where she comes back again as well.
I did top 5 because I wanted to include Zeppelin and this also perfectly reflects the last month of my life.
you do know my goat has a well documented history of owning the Cowboys right? RT
Just then, he brought a hand to his head; sheepishly rubbing the side of it. His recollection of the encounter, it seemed, was peculiar. ❝ When I approached his little stall, ‍he turned white as a ghost. I asked ‍about where he heard such steep
I send my best wishes to the people of Botswana on the 53rd anniversary of your country’s independence.congratulations on this special day.
To the original point... having a “cluttered” schema feels wrong to me. You probably want clutter in your resolvers, relegating the schema to specifying the shape of the data.
 thank you for your time at Sony we have gotten nothing but amazing games and I wish you the best at everything you do.
Me! Dj hates it tho because men want us women to let them be men. It’s in their DNA to protect ,provide,and help. It’s just in this generation the women are independent.
Haha not mad at that strategy, but Goodman has to be the guy at some point. I’m...”speaking it into existence” lol
One of the OTP scenarios that I like the most to imagine is dancing I don't know that much about dance styles and all that, but my brain gives me random choreography bits and my shipper self gets all hyped up (And then I end up looking at choreography videos for hours)
oh no it’s definitely the right one. you may not be talking about the same person i’m thinking of but yeah. ..
The #SOTD was on my jukebox (yes, we had one) back in 1976/77. I use to play it all the time: back then, in the 80s, again in the 90s, and danced to it with my daughter in the 2000's. Love Dancing Queen!
I’ve got #Nationals winning the #NLWildCard on TBS.
my ideal d'vorah setup would be strepisperia, the flying move, widows kiss and the ability that adds extra strings... that would give dvorah all around good control for zoners, good mobility, great combos and great pressure because strepisperia is so good.
About to go Live around the world! Tunein add AllGamesRadio radio! http://AllGames.com/live or Alexa Play AllGamesRadio on tunein ZombieCast Global Live!
 The Inspector General issued a statement regarding the whistleblower's statement. It is credible and urgent. The whistleblower did not hide the fact that his/her politics did not line up with the President's or that it was 2nd hand.
Are you sure it wasn’t a parody? The  is very good at forgiving and ignoring those things that are deemed a parody. Or is it the your hypocrisy has no bounds?
Thus, while the beaten and mutilated body presumably establishes the brute materiality of existence, the materiality of suffering regularly eludes (re)cognition by virtue of the body’s being replaced by other signs of value, as well as other bodies.” Saidiya V. Hartman
Old good days i miss it not because of the best memories but it is because, you miss the feelin for not bein alone that time
$NSB Looking like it has the potential to regenerate damaged optical nerves in the treatment of glaucoma. A very positive step forward in fighting the disease. At only $14mio market cap this is a company to watch over the next few years.
I like smelling my jackets/hoodies from the night before cause I always smell good af
I can’t lie the science teachers are always the best
she is the mother i’ve never had... she is the sister everybody would want she is the friend that everybody deserves. i don’t know a better person.
But if I’m not mistaken, the hero there is a heroine.
Yes, someone with brass balls and the moral fortitude to share everything they know. Unfortunately, there’s a shortage...
Why you gotta throw me under the bus like that...guess who’s not getting a sweet tea now
Kayleigh just has the most captivating smile. Seriously, in every video I have seen her in, her smile simply dazzles
I’ve been out of the country for about a year and went to a post-integration Whole Foods for the first time in July and literally got emotional because it was so great. Americans have really good, cheap groceries.
Gasp! Perfect. Snuggles and favorite boxers. “Love you.” He mumbled, squishing his face In to the side of Elio’s neck.
55% of the country approve of an impeachment inquiry, #fatnixon poll numbers 35%. This reminds me of grade school but here goes, which number is bigger than the other?
So I just pre-ordered #Stadia. Very interested in seeing the controller build and the stability of sitting in front of my tablet playing #Destiny2.
I only do what the clients want me to do so I wouldn't know, but the first entry in the database's Users table is for an "s.fisheater" so...
Hey Joe, I understand you've identified some vacant land in the South Shore. Given that you've (and frankly I have to) gotten at the  for things like #homelessness and the #HousingCrisis, how about we explore some income-targeted housing instead. #ijs #FairShare
Team mercy goodnight! The rest can receive their good night at Eagles square #BBNaija
Wow, thank you for participating in the sweepstakes! Keep submitting entries daily through November to increase your chances. You can't win if you don't play!
Thank you "ALMIGHTY GOD "" for giving me the opportunity TO DO WHAT I LOVE TO DO! FASHION!
They would start to lose money if they didn't have the idiot douchebags that will upgrade to the newest version every 6 months. Good for you for thinking of economy instead of trend-following!
We're glad to hear you're interested in Spicy Nuggets. We tested the Spicy Nuggets in select Chick-fil-A Restaurants. Unfortunately, the decision was made not to add them as a permanent menu item.
The queens are here!  and I are playing Warframe. Come join! #queensofwarframe #mixerstreamerhttp://www.mixer.com/XGC_fairyfarts
Boss no loud this thing abeg you, lol We're coming through for every one single Nigerian with "The Erigma 2" #October4th
Reserved bus lanes. The LRT improves capacity and reduces the impact of congestion events like snowstorms, but generally won’t improve east-west travel times.
Enter the Choice Hotels® #UltimateRoadTrip Sweepstakes worth $10,000! T&C’s apply.
cont: we're talking about moving students away from the model we're used to. teachers at the front of the room giving information to students. kids learn in so many different ways and jobs are changing. and our schools don't really accommodate that new world very well.
ESTAMOS BUSCANDO MÁS DÚOS PARA EL TORNEO , SI QUIERES PARTICIPAR LAS REGLAS ESTÁN EN LA PÁGINA : WE ARE LOOKING FOR MORE DUO FOR THE TOURNAMENT, IF YOU WANT TO PARTICIPATE THE RULES ARE ON THE PAGE
Duh!! Am I RIGHT? So we're here. Now THIS is the lady who I've been talking to that earlier this year made me ask the question " age do women no longer care about sex or the desire for affection?" because she ain't been talking right at ALL. She says to me..
Off to birthday dinner. Here’s to hoping the drama will be lax...
not being able to do certain things after a break up because it reminds you of that individual. Like what the fuck
Yeah, 2019 is weird AF, but it definitely seems like there might be an end to the Orange Circus soon
Edgar just picked me up and threw me out the window bc I didn’t get his bottle ready fast enough
I always wonder how people like this do it, I’m 38, never married. Tell them to stop hogging all the guys that want to get married!
Good! The DeepState, never Trumpers & Democrats should be afraid! Along with their friends in the media that were a part of the failed coup against POTUS. Justice is coming. Noone can stop it, Noone. #D5
Please tell me why the supermarket look like a hurricane Deh a sea
Gender is a framework that goes way back into prehistory. It's a huge part of how we understand the world, and is tied to profound aspects of our physical experience (in that it's linked to biological sex.) Maybe we'd be better off w/o it, but we're a long way from there.
HAPPY OCTOBER I looove this month. It's perfect to reflect, regroup, and recenter yourself before the holiday season arrives. It's also the perfect season for self-growth and development by way of introspection!…
I agree. I was on the board of a non-profit, there are strict rules about conflicts of interest or the “appearance” of conflicts. We had to be very careful as board members not to self-deal.
U can literally glide in a Ford Fusion lol wit the police scanners I luv turo!
This is great! Almost the liquid squad. Love seeing ciz there but poach would be dope as well not gonna lie
So I just listened to the Lover album for the first time on the trax to school and now I can’t stop???
When we first connected, I had no idea the name “Zelensky” would become a name that would be on the tip of the tongue for most Americans. Thanks for helping us pronounce his first name. #Ukraine
Yeah, I still have the 6s shit works like it’s brand new! Hahahah
 Wear that green dress with the flyaway sleeves at daddy’s impeachment. And make sure Melania wears her “I don’t care do you” jacket. It will be such a party! #kisstheidiotgoodbye
Green and grey. Green for the environment. Grey,because unlike the other side, we know it’s all not just black and white. We consider the nuance of things.
Can someone please edit this with Billy Jean in the background please?
Just Pinned to For Working Moms: Are you thinking about going back to work after maternity leave? These steps will help make the process as easy as possible for you. There is a lot to prepare so don't put it off! #maternityleave https://ift.tt/2n5nfOW
He deserted the Military about a month or so ago. He's Searching for his true by any means" -To Kurena about Teito, Kapitel 39-
Y'all watch how Nigerians will make this independence day about Wizkid and BBN but not about the woes and flaws of Nigeria.
The dodgers last World Series win was in 1988. The Astros won it in 2017. I think they have a little bit more room to talk than the dodgers.
I love my sign but letting TWO Gemini’s run the country?
ITS LITERALLY LIT UP IN THE DARK BRO LIKE HOW DONT U SEE IT
My little family has so much exciting things happening in the next couple months and I’m so excited
guys how can i convince my parents to let me bring another dog into the family
I am more than happy to donate to a cause that has a reasonable chance of success. Right now I don’t even see a strategy from the Republicans. Inundating people with emails asking for money is not a strategy. Comey and Clapper in front of a Senate committee is a strategy! Do it!
Stop dude at some point you gotta get over Mikey getting the shit kicked outta him
The love you give out, you won’t ever get it back but they’ll miss it when you gone
It’s like the sound when someone says something and you agree
i asked my chem prof wen our midterm was bc it wasnt stated anywhere and he was like wow ur the first to ask me good to see ur managing ur time well like sir i am just trying to get schwasted at oktoberfest
Some perceive the photo, which I'm pretty sure captures a brief moment when a young woman hugged him, as evidence of inappropriate behavior on his part. Unless there's a lot more that's not been shared publicly, I think that's the extent of it.
Please don't ever talk to me about The Beatles or The Beach Boys.
Yeah, because Breitbart represents the entire U.S.A.
so basically if u don’t drive a lifted truck and say “bo” after every sentence you’re not the one for me #yeeyee
There was a sense of urgency to  starting impeachment If High Crimes & Misdmrs were committed, lots of ppl could be indicted; high lvl employees, family & friends. The pressure & intensity of impeachment fight is immense, while trying to maintain the govt/country.
Have you considered becoming a Bedroom Kandi Consultant? Join me for a conference Thursday to get details on the business! #bkbylisha #bedroomkandi #kandikoated
Awesome remote job oppty for a recent college grad with client services experience hungry to break into the crypto industry
Today 1st Oct, #Ambazonians, citizens of Former British #SouthernCameroons celebrate the second year of Restoration of our independence by H.E , #Justice4Nera10 It is our hospitality to share with all esp those who have been our voices Happy #IndependenceDay
Thanks for this challenge, and the public accountability! 1. Tried and got foiled. Enacting Plan B in October. 2. Done! 3. Done!
Here are the games that Allen and Kousuke played: Tongue Twister Game *Nakakapagpabagabag (Tie) *Bituka-Botika-Butiki (Tie) *Ang relo ni Leroy ay Rolex. (Kousuke won) Karaoke Game *Sparkle by RADWIMPS - (Allen). He won in this round. *A Whole New World -JP ver.- (Kousuke)
Media whistleblowers. Have been long time! That's why Trump is President! Media told the truth on Biden Hillary Obama. Thank you MEDIA. Being a whistleblower. Dems party got destroyed! AMERICA is winning strong
Oh I've got lots of Chilly Billy materials! The greatest!!
Everyone knows that #AdamSchiff like any good #Socialist #Nazi accuses others of what he himself is doing. if you pay attention you will see that the #DemocraticParty, especially #AOC, #BernieSanders and #ElizabethWarren say many of the same things as this guy . . .
This might be a David vs Goliath kind of situation. I go for the skinny but a solid guy!!!
Take care of your health because it is the most important thing , rest, recover completely and then back on court. Good luck with all that and everything else!
How about "how the hell would I know?". Since none of us are probably getting the truth, none of us should be saying yes or no. And seriously...who cares?
The fries are the only thing good from that place! Lol
Stipend and meals hardly fair compensation for filling your favorite team’s stadium 8 times a year and garnering tv and bowl payouts in the millions.
"Not everything that you desire is the will of God." -Comelec Comm. Rowena Guanzon
You go to the fair to get a veggie dog .... automatic L
Thanks again for all the suggestions. I will definitely go back since it was so awesome, and I'll hit those places!
Happy 1st October! Ramai masuk kerja baru harini.. i wish you all the best!
The bmth ticket is 50€ and is like 3 days before taylor’s concert and there’s still day6 and maybe ***** I dont have this kind of money i-
My store made goal (cause of me) so we’ll be getting a bonus for the month
Still trying out how does one make a "perfect phone call?" The hole's getting deeper, #TreasonousTrump. #ImpeachmentIsComing! Get ready for life in prison! #TrumpForPrison2020https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/donald-trump/trump-attacks-whistleblower-schiff-tweets-impeachment-would-cause-civil-war-n1060191 …
   We the people have the right to know who this non WB is that used 2nd hand and MSM of all places info to slander the President we elected.
We are facing similar issues here now. Our Dems at the Labor party, a union organisation started by the communist party, our conservatives are Liberals who work with farmer based Nationals party, Greens work with Labor, greens are idiots, Labor are corrupt, but we see the same
Join us tomorrow Oct. 1, at Martin Middle School (1601 Haskell St.) -8PM for the Brooke/Govalle/Linder/Pease/Zavala/Metz/Sanchez community engagement meeting on school changes. Are we being bold enough? We want your feedback. Oct. 1, 6-8pm
tell me about your: - ganda talagaa - mukhang malungkot nanaman - psych - waiting - fortuner - masipag hahaha - nood movie tas kain - alaws - marami e hehe like this for the questions
It was a women thrown from the cart, but looks like a tubby fella that pushed that cart.
 This week we’ll be encouraging you to focus on your environment. Is your environment helping you or holding you back? When we look at our home environment, the products we use could be contribute to illness and even our moods!
Who knows. All I know is that neo is THE BEST girl in the entire rwby series.
Hey  students! We'll be at the career fair on Oct. 3 and would love to meet you! No matter your major, we’re looking for more smart, savvy individuals to join the  team. #Hiring #Pittsburgh #Manufacturing
I appreciate all of you clicking the link and listening, I hope to play some of your favorites and introduce you to something new as well http://979harrisville.org/
Seriously! Another year of growth from Thomas Bryant, who salvaged last season big time, plus commitment to play the young dudes minutes from the top. Just love that there’s no more Ernie up there. The rest is gravy.
Why didn’t you just change in the bathroom of the airplane ?? Lol
Finally something we agree on! Trump is despicable and it’s about time you Republicans stand against him for the sake of our beloved country before he goes totally bezerk! He is very dangerous, like a cornered rat!
In 1979, human fetal cell produced MMR II was approved in the US. Compliance campaigns brought MMR II use up from as low as 49% for children born before 1987 to over 82% for children born in 1989 and later.
We are co creating our alphabet wall together. Each Ss selected a letter and is responsible for finding items around the room that start with the letter! One Ss said “four eyes are better then two” so many friends are supporting each other’s letter journey! Can you guess this one
There are a lot of questions that need to be answered. Getting these answers is in our interest. Plus, if they are truly going to take the President to trial he is allowed a vigorous defense. It is the American Way.
I'm an entrepreneur like Andrew and a proud member of the #YangGang. That's why for every 100 Yang Gang followers I get I'll donate $1 to Andrew's campaign. I'll be making the donation every Sunday and will be providing photo evidence on my feed. Just made my first donation
The best part about this coffee shop in Yakima is that... if I'm not in the Herald-Republic newsroom and my editors ask where I am... I can say, "What are you talking about? I'm in the newsroom." JK. (Kind of) ;) https://www.yakimaherald.com/extra/exclusive/business/q-a-the-newsroom-coffee-shop-aspires-for-connection-conversation/article_fa000c27-93ac-5eab-9ddf-21b17ae7e518.html …
Well Samantha,the silly person needs to learn how to spell Ridiculous . Maybe when the person gets past grade 2 it will all make more sense. Keep up the amazing work Samantha...its way too late..good night America
axe had simmered down as well. This may take some time and if it goes on any longer, he's calling it a day on the hacking and slashing. "Y'gonna need to be a little more specific there, bub. There's a 𝙡𝙤𝙩𝙩𝙖 old friends in this part'a town." He pulls the rag from his --
First it was started by the Army’s of both the divine Lover’s now they are getting back that’s All
Me too. But in the big scheme of things, that will feel good for about five minutes
We love #hiphop and #Rnb #download #Amazing on #slikouronlife #Africanmusic to the #Worldhttps://www.slikouronlife.co.za/song/99134/amazing-10 …
The first episode was pretty good. Just started episode 2.
Nah that’s harsh, he got an assist and if it wasn’t for a great save from Leno he would have got the winner
im on the bus by myself, hopefully he kidnaps me cause ive always wanted to experience that
Brunch at Foreign Cinema definitely added to the calories I consumed this past week.  Cinema
I’m always open to the idea of bringing back me Bria and Sly podcast. We had a great and unique thing going that no one was doing. But life started Life’ing.
"We love the way  &  can have fun and laugh at themselves." Sometimes we just need to turn off all the noise, and have some fun. Don't take life so seriously that you forget to create memorable moments and laugh w/ your spouse! #MarriageMonday
#LitecoinFam I have a question? Does anyone know what this is ..... $CryptoKeeperLTC ... you can find the answer on #TheLitecoinApp . Free to use, NO KYC your auto approved, more Litecoin Giveaways coming soon. More events and a new look for the New Year .
Everyone always makes fun of me for wearing children’s size 2/3 shoes but jokes on you home boy I can still get the kiddie discount
Look at the back everyone has sunglasses ... it will be interesting even in Queensland that we have to wear good sunglasses before leaving home
For the love of all that is good,  Please tell us that you’re remastering inFAMOUS 1&2 for the PS4 I’ll tweet this a thousand times till I get an answer!
Watching a baby eat her foot is the cutest thing ever
trans people will outlive the cis bc natural selection will eventually weed out everyone with an average-strength bladder
⠀⠀ ⠀⠀ ⠀⠀ ⠀⠀ Sighs and offers her hand to help him back up . ⠀⠀〃 Don ' t touch the hair . Now you know for next time . 〃 ⠀⠀ ⠀⠀ ⠀⠀
"The discussion was another instance of the president using American diplomacy for potential personal gain." Australian PM Scott Morrison was an eager participant in this clearly awful breach of propriety, prudence and the US alliance. #auspol #fveyhttps://www.nytimes.com/2019/09/30/us/politics/trump-australia-barr-mueller.html …
np, was watching the other guys stream and it went back to yours like 2 mins after
I like the return of the left sidebar with the words as well as the symbols
I love the Hampton women! Y’all are amazing. Y’all are vocal, relentless, and always pushing for change. Never lose sight of who y’all are. Love y’all! #HU
Lynn, I would like you to throw the ball some cause, we know, you have jets in those Legs: We need your Leadership Now!!!    #BBN #kyjoe
‘It’s sharp and jagged on the outside, but when it’s broken open, it has all of this precious stone on the inside,’ says Sr Mary. ‘What we aim to do in our ministry is to enable those people to come to understand and see the goodness that’s within them.' https://www.ccam.org.au/news/244/prison-ministry-a-living-sign-of-gods-love-and-mercy …
At the time Worley and peterman were better at the time, dobbs was inexperienced and it showed during the vandy game his first year. The argument is that jones had a better first two years then Pruitt and it facts.
An accomplice who I imagine the right would love to see on the Supreme Court. Can’t be allowed to happen.
I went to the opening and thought this is at least better then her previous shows. Which I thought mostly were copies of other artists.
Well deserved, Sir. Thank you for your steadfast commitment to the good of the USA.
As experts in the field of sitting down, we thoughtfully crafted our Floor Pillows to be overstuffed
I wonder if Bill Barr’s Christmas party at the Trump Hotel is still a go. #BillBarr #TrumpTreason #TreasonousTrump #ImpeachmentIsComing #ImpeachTrumpPenceBarr #ImpeachTrump #Whistleblower #WhistleblowerGate
Definitely not a bad person and I highly recommend the break, risking a reading slump would be worse IMO. Everyone needs a break now and then, and the books will always be there to review when you're ready.
The complaint though inaccurate was clearly written by a group of people. IMHO it took time to write. The rules were changed to let it in. It was written to support more subpoenas. The want to poke until they find anything.. dont kid yourself this a gutless coup.
Violition by PTH best metal album of the decade Sorry not sorry
I’m ready for the big ones. #tradingcards #baseballcards #topps #panini
When my dog runs past me for some fucking food he can’t even eat instead of giving me kisses like what the fuck
I personally feel like Kiramager will go the Zi-O route where it has it's own plot but it has anniversary aspects put into it I'm not sure if they'll get people back like they did in Gokaiger but I think it'd be cool
Amy was not elected for her smarts. Ask the powerlineblog guys . Her dad was famous newspaper writer. That pohlad kid seems a bit young to be her handler, but she needs someone to run her show
Right. The Ques need to move their party to Wednesday asumm
Here lies Nora Mermaid. She was just a fan of the water and it was really awesome. Do you guys make sense of this?
Good photos! Big smile! You seem happy. Don’t take this the wrong way, , but if that joy of fighting for Truth made its way more to the videos, the message and its effectiveness would spread more!
Folks ain't tell me Bleacher Report put Steph Curry in the all time top 10.
I'll take it a step further. Biden should hire you, ,  and  to manage his campaign/comms. Youd all do a better job of getting his campaign to win both the primary and the EC. (And FTR, I'm a Biden supporter!)
Absolutely can not get over how comfy and atmosphere this scene is. A cool dawn where you can practically smell the petrichor. F91 really is something else.
ok i love iggy but if ariana treated a manip acc the way iggy did everyone would be canceling ariana...
The same photo with the three different lenses on the iPhone 11 Pro. From widest to narrowest :)
It’s like 90% of the reason I’ve been avoiding “modern rock radio” for the past 20+ years.
I mean I know it comes with the tier but I just want it individually lol
The thing is his timeline is pretty much indistinguishable from Reaboi, JK, Sohrab, MZH … which is fascinating company to keep!
i have found the best stationery store in korea and guys im gonna spend sooo much money there
? You're meant to wear it inside out or what? Obviously it needs to look good on the outside too
«to some big city to sell the pearl for a better price so his family can have a better life. it goes poorly. very, very poorly. a marxist critical lens would note that he was influenced by capitalistic economic conditions in his decisions, but you can go a little deeper and say»
my lil boo came to my college to visit me & he went straight to the gym & now my room smells like weed
Hi, can you remove the chemical oxytocin from my brain please? Thanks
Yes, I did take apart a katana so I could put the handle on my bonesaw. Don't judge me.
Just because it's old doesn't mean it's good. Literally every single other Yu-Gi-Oh! anime is better than the original.
Throwback to 2 years ago when I was living my best life on tour vs now I’m being squashed by my huge ass dog on my mattress on the floor that is currently my bed
The  has 4 missions in the #pugetsoundexplorer campaign! Go visit the Olympic National Forest with Agent Elk and his friends to learn all about the surrounding nature!
Tonight, we’re talking all about John Titor the savior of the world. How did he save the world? Tune in tonight at 9pm cst and find out.
 as the #rapdevil in Comedy TV Pilot #BecomingKelly !! Help us get  to see it! #est19xx #mgk #hoteldiablo #binge
Happened 2 me on a wknd trip 2 Catalina island. A local who lives up on a hill plays the sax every evening & it filters down, sweet. Same wknd while waiting 4 boat ride home, hanging at a bar, w/live bagpipes! it was the Brave Heart bagpipe dude!..chills, will always remember
It’s still freshers week so I can almost guarantee that everyone will spend the next 5 nights (including tonight) being out in town off their heads. Have to say I’m planning on going “oUt OuT” with the flatmates on Wednesday night so is this where the bonding finally happens?
for the mix amp complaints! Lol love ya bud keep safe and game on.
This #mnf football pregame is complete garbage. Almost unwatchable. Just like these 2 trash teams. The best we can hope for is a tie.....
This #OrangeShirtDay, we acknowledge the history of the residential school system and its impact on First Nations, Métis & Inuit communities and families. We recognize and support the ongoing process of reconciliation.
I’m a mason and I assure you there’s mostly republicans. Sad your throwing us under the bus. Do your homework the masons have done a lot to help this world.
It’s been the talk around twitter lol but hasn’t hit MSM
The crepuscular rays had to show up the anticrep rays. Wow! #wiwx
Been way too long since I've seen this. Time to re-watch. Thanks for the reminder,
If this was a "scrip" club, I could understand sympathy for him, but I can't understand why the Lions didn't try to sign him a couple years ago.
Who had a doctorate in physics from the best university in Switzerland
I actually know a dad who wouldn’t change his daughters diapers or grand daughters diapers for this reason unless he was the absolute only person around. And he won’t watch his grand daughters if it’s gonna be a long time because he doesn’t do girl diapers. It’s so weird to me
Didn't Adams only have like 4 targets the game before last...?
Ah, the famous Hanshin Tiger fan wit, or at least half of it.
That is some sad stuff. Makes you wonder if some of those people are really in for HELPING the black community or in reality delighting in the trashing of blacks.
So much fun meeting the Twitch Sings fam after many online karaoke sessions. Get ready for posts. First up...the amazingly talented  ! I did my 1st duet ever on the app w/ her and loved it. She was a FAB host at TC! #TwitchCon #twitchcon19 #TwitchSings #Streamer – at San Diego Convention Center
... with them. BUT FEAR NOT! Last night after a couple of beers I crashed a “wine and cheese” social event and made friends with the majority of people in the flat 2 floors below me. We all went to a pub quiz tonight. They are wonderful people, I can see myself bonding w/ them
I decree peace in Nigeria & safety around about her, i put an end to d unusual happenings In our land  state & federal level,i say No to bad governance.. I ask 4 d grace to rise up to responsibility & take our place as the giant of Africa again in Jesus Name #happyindependence
Our debut gig on the 12th Oct at The Gunners, Finsbury Park, London. Get yourselves down there. It’ll be the best night of your life! #firstgig #gig #band #livemusic #londongigs #femalemusicians #boobs #follow #twitter
I'll pay you back when I give the couch a good shake
Side note: Don't let the picture make the statement any less valid, you are a handsome lad for real tho Other side notes: I dare you to make that picture your profile picture. You won't.
Food is delicious as always. This time I got the beet burger with summer fries. If you haven't been yet. What are you waiting for? Get your butts down to piratesboneburgers 's Bone Burgers
Let’s hope one or the other finds a way forward surely that is their job!
Why oh why do people think it’s ok to have a FaceTime call on full volume in a hotel lounge. Even weirder when it’s for private stuff...you may as well tell me your PIN number and I will do the rest! Jesus
I WILL BACK YOU SIR , w my last breath against anything foreign or domestic!!!! #MAGA #AmericaFirst #blexit #WalkAway #TRUMP2020 #AmericaFirst #BuildTheWall SIGNED the #DEPLORABLES and damn proud of it #DEPLORABLESNATION
So I moved away to uni, never lived alone before so this is an interesting experience. My flatmates are friendly, which is great, but a lot of them are the type to go out clubbing every night and getting wasted whereas I’m not. Suppose that could be hindering my chance to bond...
Serious question; how does a immigrant join the army?
Nothing to worry about if the Australian PM has nothing to provide. But shouldn’t journalists encourage the uncovering all the evidence regarding the origins of the Russia collusion hoax that unfairly engulfed the Trump administration for two years ?
SALTINES. IN ALL PLACES AND ALL PLACES ARE THE BEST. ok I’m done yelling.
Tonight I walked along a red carpet in the rain. Got a lift in a banging Tesla. Met Renee Zellweger and balled my eyes out at the wonder that is Judy. It was a fantastic night. #JudyTheFilm Oscar for Renee ... she is insanely good ... go see !!!
I was excited for the Joker movie... until I had to hear about the Joker movie every 30 seconds.
Interesting that you are posting a poll from a far right source. Yet you consistently say the media isn’t fair to you. But the same argument could be made about  and Democrats. Very interesting indeed.
Trump could easily be re-elected. Register voters. Vote for Democrats. Vote for the Democratic nominee. Focus on Elections. Flip the Senate. Maintain House majority. Beat Trump. #BlueWave
yes, he is skksskkd. the younger cast look so baby in that pic im
Also that kinda looks like the gel pad that are in wrist braces
OH MY GOD  JUST RIP MY HEART OUT WHY DON'T YOU. I don't even want to tell y'all why I'm crying, because I feel like you need to experience this story the same way I just did.
I agree sir! When can we play after 3:00? To the piers at be can we play a night game? RTR
Thank you  for introducing me to the Pei app. Hooray for money back on random stuff that I would buy anyway!
All the best untuk anak2 yang exams PT3 Assalamualaikum & Good Morning
I truly appreciate the attention Hayden has gotten recently from a couple of different places for soccer, but it is also kind of funny the misspellings and misinformation that have been included in the articles.
There are no words, not only did they smear the school but the wife of the VP. Did anyone even try to get to the truth? Probably not.
Well is higher than the average heart rate my app shows me
Biden- "please investigate the company my son works for" true story bro
More like defending the rule of law and honoring their oath of office. Republicans are governmenting so wrong lately.
The angel helped him relax, closing his own eyes to focus. He’d be able to help Sam throughout the night.
the way i was one of the first like 20 people to find this account and now its famous
Primanti’s is the best!! I have to get it every time I go home.
Wheres the joker soundtrack? Wasn't it supposed to release last week on friday
The OnlyFans poll is in folks and the results, they are, good
It's a guarantee just like the vikings winning the superbowl this yr cant stop it
See you at the meet and greet  ( and  ) #poundtheground2019
even if a boarder suggests dialogue, they can easily be shot down. rebecca sugar + the synthesis of the crew as a whole is kind of the filter which ultimately decides whats canon. so an individual boarder or assisting writer doesn't really decide canon, its not a free-for-all.
I have so many brilliant visions and pictures in my brain that I can barely sleep at night. Im looking for an artist. I write shit down, I just need the pictures on a wall somewhere
 Welcome home - loved following your pics - was just scrolling back to your gorgeous garden pics. Hope you enjoyed the trip!
UNIBET REVIEW Rating: Live Streams Excellent App The Streak feature Review https://www.racingbase.com.au/reviews/unibet-com-au-review/ …
Is this the same person who was once a god at Fortnite and mincraft
Ok. Thanks for the clarification. I did misunderstand.
Hi Mr level 1 goblin, I caught me a wandering adventurer in the forest, she’s in the back of my trunk. I’d like to join your dinner party thank you.
Do you really think any of them will say anything let alone the truth?
aw happy birthday !!! wishing you all the best always, much love
I keep thinking about the assasination of Julius Caesar to save the Republic. Perhaps once Trump is cornered they'll turn on him.
No prob It didn’t take him that long to leave his dorm and find his way to the others- .. well, not THAT long. hey I’m here but you all good or?
Huge shoutout to  got my first mystery box from them and it didn’t disappoint and a little extra bonus,Nothing but the best from  ,keep up the great work,you guys rock
Over the course of my entire life, I always kept my word, and I always followed through...I believed in honor ,loyalty and trust.
I’ve got #Nationals winning the #NLWildCard on TBS.
Bet! And the 11 is basically the same price a single the 10 so that's good too
That's actually a lie. Read the transcript. Nowhere is aid discussed and then a favor requested.
Convinced that the MacOS desktop stacks "feature" is just an enabler. I never used to have this many junky-junks on my desktop. #ux
I pray that the Epstein investigation is continuing.
 and , can we get a video for “through the late night” please?
Don’t you just wish that was the truth! This is probably the fourth time you tweeted this. You are working too hard to convince yourself this plan will work.
 I just saw you on The Humanist Report. You are an inspiration. The people are behind you!
Joyce can you explain why Trump sought Australian leader to help discredit the Mueller report? Was Trump offering something in return & why would it matter what Australia thought? I’m a little confused on this.
Depends, how big is the yard and what is the weather like?
Proverbs 28:16 A ruler with no understanding will oppress his people, but one who hates corruption will have a long life. Stay close to the Lord Mr. President, He always wins.
Um...yes, I know. I was making a comparison as dumb as the guns don't kill people thing.
So the internet is up, and y'know what that means? Im just kind of messing off like a bot over here; seems like the kind of thing to do :D https://www.twitch.tv/kittiguya
i miss my ethnic studies teacher :((( i used to tell her everything and she gave rlly good advice :(( she’s the only teacher i will actually miss when i graduate :(((
Sally: Id like to use the time stones and travel back to primitive Mobius, when it was Earth. See my ancestors and communicate with them using their ancient language. Me: Hmm, wouldnt that be a bit awkward though? They were smaller and more timid...
My list of unwatchable Fox News people is growing all the time, but so far, I’ve reclaimed about 3 hours a day when I switch the channel to something else.
Mozzarella sticks are so 2018. This is the year of halloumi fries! :) #halloumi #cheese #greekrecipes #greek #greekcooking #halloumifries https://miakouppa.com/2019/02/11/halloumi-fries-with-a-citrus-lime-mint-dipping-sauce/ …
my sister told me my birthday gift came in & for some reason i thought she meant the basil that she just bought bc we were talking about how good it smells & so i laughed & she asked why it was funny & then i realized she wasn’t talking about the basil, why am i so dumb.
only the strong survive ., weak crumble like cookies
The New Orleans Tribune Endorses Eugene Green for State Representative, District 97 https://conta.cc/2ne3iW5
Spartans win 7 - 1 over Vertus. Improve record to 4-4-1 on the season.
AHHHHH I LOVE THIS!!!!! The style still suits johnny, he look so cute here
I won't disagree with. He is really disrespecting the Queen. Drag him baby. I can't wait.
Wasting their prime years in the playoffs yeah, unlike mcdavid lol
Naw. It's the best. Look at all the news that "broke" since 4 PM. I mean, I've never seen such movement in just four hours.
"Don’t compare yourself to others and feel inadequate. Their journey is not the same as yours and their success doesn’t mean you’re a failure — it means your path is different." Great Morning Everyone!
Actual lol, you tagged a different Steve Bannon. Bio: "Nothing to do with US politics or running the White House etc"
❛ first compartment on the right, ❜ he was ready to reply. Curious hues watched how he moved around the kitchen : there was something * kinda 𝒄𝒖𝒕𝒆 about it. ❛ so i huh — ❜ there was a smirk on his face , a 𝙘𝙡𝙚𝙖𝙧-𝙖𝙨-𝙩𝙝𝙚-𝙨𝙪𝙣 foreshadowing of imminent sarcasm.
Who benefits if the origins of the Mueller probe/CI investigation/ Investigation into tRUmp campaign are “deemed” tainted? Aside from tRUmp? Putin! Sanctions relief.
You're welcome :)! Yeah, I've been using it for a few months now, and it's been worth it for some of the series it has. I'd give it a try before the subscription - a lot of the more recent stuff is free.
Tell us about yourself 1- Anton lorenzo lucas subido 2- single :( 3- sanctuary 4- 577 5- messenger 6- T 7- ADDU 8- filipino 9- 0 10- none 11- spiders 12- 2018 13- siya 14- caring and mabait ♡ for the questions
Of course there is so many more. Im waiting for people to drop them. They are coming. Just wait till like the 19th or 20th. So it's fresh in people's mind.
Whenever I see people who need new AD recommendations I’m just going to tell them to follow you. Thanks for the mention!
I've just watched episode S04E12 of Fresh Off the Boat! #tvtime https://tvtime.com/r/1bhgQ
Please vote   for loveteam of the year.. .go team #kycine
No good player. Just to be clear NO GOOD PLAYER is asking to be traded to the Redskins right now. Sorry
Let us dream of tomorrow where we can truly love from the soul, and know love as the ultimate truth at the heart of all creation. -Michael Jackson
“Integrity Is The Most Valuable And Respected Quality Of Leadership. Always Keep Your Word.”
I went through an intensely eschatological phase in my youth in which I was hopeful & excited for eternal life. Then, when I learned I was on the wrong side of history, I became & am fearful for my soul. However, I’m regaining hope (& motivation to change).
I think I just threw up a little the texture would be right on I think. Good choice
As fans WE did get a night game. But the team had to be HISTORIC just to get 1 night game. I guess we needed another MVP candidate besides  to our already 2 Cy Youngs, ROY, Manager of Year, Train engineer of year, best sideline ballgirl getter, replay equip tech person
It sucks that the men on your tl, that you would be interested in, are either married, involved, or still carrying feelings for someone else. That’s just life I suppose.
wish i got the whole thing he was kicking the door saying open up i got places to be
This man really clipped out the Breitbart poll as if it would help his case lmaoooo
I’ve got #Nationals winning the #NLWildCard on TBS.
I agree, the same thing is still happening with me. I replied to you about 10 minutes ago and my post & screen froze, went black and shut down. I changed words & resent. I literally see words changing before my eyes.
My sister asked me to drive her to the smoke shop and then went live on facebook for thrive -.- now im stuck in the car lmao
Thank you for the shoutout!! Let’s get it done. #NE02
You did the right thing! End of ! ignore idiots and again you did what you felt was right. Iv never seen you do anything else on here but try to help others x
Mine expired, didn’t catch it, and the next DMV appointment I can make at one by is December 30th... LMAO
Good. They need to rest him no need to force a return this early in the season
this guy is definitely a big phat fuck boy hahahahahshdbhdjdkd HA the joke here is my hilarious taste in men
Fave Disney Animated films ranked: 10. Tarzan 9. A Goofy Movie 8. Mulan 7. The Jungle Book 6. Pinocchio 5. Hercules 4. Beauty and the Beast 3. Aladdin and the King of Thieves 2. The Lion King 1. The Hunchback of Notre Dame This has been the hardest one so far.
plus u can still do self imposed challenges like not cheat yourself any items or slow down time to make it still feel miserable enough for the experience
Kenz and I deadass watch each of these movies at least five times throughout the whole year lmao “almost that time” my ass, if it’s on Netflix or Hulu I ain’t gonna wait til October to have a good time
Omg  on  today talking about  was everything! I’m digging the pink hair. I hope I get to see your face again at tomorrow’s late show taping! This time I’m bringing my Mom to celebrate her retirement! #thekellyclarksonshow
At bricking every shot in the second half maybe lmao you strong as a 2nd round exit.
one more hour until the awesomeness most coolest rpg or ttrpg series to ever air . . . . .will be airing . . . .yeah pretend i made a whole lot of sense #kollok1991 #ttrpg
Time to be aggressive and trade some of the 2020 picks for a play maker.
That was pretty much a given, but helps to add more fuel to the fire!
She gently took the stuffed tiger, looking it over. "Where'd you even get this, Cole?"
Looks really cool hope we get some mcu inspired suits also,would be nice to play as iron man in the bleeding edge armor
Always find myself on  twitter and im not even a kid kinda gal but the pair of them make me want to start spitting babies out
To just touch beauty is amazing for me. Beauty is in the eye of the beholder. When I look,my eyes have see through my soul to what is considered beautiful to me. How I choose to witness this world is through beauty. To feel the beauty & let it wash all over me like a waterfall!
This is what I was talking about. This is the among the best songs of 2019 along with  with Wish off #Zuu and   #OutsidetheBlue
But that’s not what trump is doing? He’s trying to discredit what the American IC said that Russia help him win. He wants to find evidence that says it was Ukraine that conspired with DNC to help elect Trump and not Russia. It’s all being directed by Russia and he obeys.
goalscorer in the league in Aubameyang for his first full season. We've spent £200 million + since his appointment he should have delivered top four last season, he must this time around.
The teams have returned to the pitch and it looks like the match will resume shortly.
 just hit up cigar city brewing. What other places do you recommend I should hit up? I’m staying at international plaza for work the next few days.
The biggest work in wrestling history is here. Going to be great
Thank god ! Three of the most overrated people ever !
i watched up until hotel but i didn't finish the season so now i'm starting over. freakshow was pretty good but i wish they did certain things differently idk how to pinpoint it??
i read a lot of mega man and yugioh manga. and also i am reading the natural first aid handbook
You just made my point and cannot recognize it.. An Astrologist can get a degree in Astrological Science.. Claim to be a scientist, work in a Astrological Science Lab and yet we agree is not a scientist.. So I ask you again.. What is the One Thing that makes someone a scientist ?
cookie dough and birthday cake really are the best ice cream flavors
I feel like someone is going to say the exact same thing about her 1,000 years from now.
 Congratulations Kreek knew you were going to win and thanks for the article :)
I'll gladly take it! We had 4C this morning and about 14C during the day
Electric Muscles Exerciser FREE Shipping All Over The World Shop Today! https://www.instagram.com/p/B3CIlUxhD-M/?igshid=13h98x62a6hid …
 should be flattered that  her husband, & her son honor the movie. Does he want to accept money only from those he approves of?!
Yes! I’ve always felt this way about the CW reporting on the machine that happened right before we got to school
I love the intros on hbo because they usually have a good song attached to them. I know; #weird
Me and my cat are adding planets to the boötes void so the galaxies aren't lonely
This character in The Fog, the one who picks up a hitchhiker, takes a sip of his tall boy Budweiser and then offers her a sip which she accepts? I like his style.
I wasn't interested in Ad Astra when I heard it was like "the most realistic depiction of space travel ever", but then I heard that it has MOON PIRATES and now I kinda want to see it
It’s been extremely enlightening and I can’t get enough of it. I’d say the difficult part is trying to influence a large enterprise to take on a different mindset. Either change your organization or change your organization.
What did they ever see in him in first place? The great job he did in Detroit? Why did he ever become a hot manager in first place? Eh..why do I even ask,,you don't know the answer to that,
Wow. American Horror Story Apocalypse made the sharpest turn ever
In my neck of the woods, the phrase was “crazy as a Betsy bug”! Except it was generally pronounced Bessie. LOL
 you need to uphold the Constitution and not worry about getting re-elected...impeach Trump! We need a government that works for the people.
Happy independence day to the people celebrating it. Happy new month to everyone
I’ve got #Brewers winning the #NLWildCard on TBS. a pox on the #Natiturds! LOL
The picture that accompanies this looks like Pompeo saw a “funny” email forward from the president, probably something like a monkey. It wasn’t that funny but Pompeo needed to make the ol man feel good.
that’s too funny! Barr under oath What do you think he’ll do? Tell the truth?
 Tidy up the papers dropbox PLEASE #activepassiveaggressivesubtweet
School friends are the best with I knew nothing but shadows and I thought them to be real
He said, “If you listen carefully to the Lord your God and do what is right in his eyes, if you pay attention to his commands and keep all his decrees, I will not bring on you any of the diseases I brought on the Egyptians, for I am the Lord, who heals you.” Exodus 15:26
Once you are a Birther, as Pompeo was, the rest is easy.
Had fun with this one. Go check it if you get the chance!
Kirk was definitely bad. But the reason why I was more disappointed than most was because of our OL performance. They’ve improved since last year. But they’re still a joke vs top competition, which at the end of the day, is all that really matters.
It’s such a great book, I had to put it on the syllabus!
I like that stat though. Hers one for YOY too. 9 points vs the rams. Bucs hung 55. Shouldn't be surprising I guess. They almost dropped a 50 spot on u guys last year.
I think he might mean the blowing kisses as the "late conduct"? Sounds like that mighta been a big part of the decision?
A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out. - Walter Winchell #quoteoftheday #mondaymotivationhttps://youtu.be/beWXi6g3vHg
Had a great day out over at #UniversalStudios and #IslandsOfAdventure. Managed to do the majority of everything the parks had to offer, massive thanks to Maggie for setting this up for us we couldn't have done it…
I am sure the Dodgers will offer two dodger dogs for each of them
Wow I just laughed sooo hard!! Wtf is that?? I know the one bending
the real tulsi is the friendships we made along the way
Layden absolutely left because of Jim Ryan, just saying. It was a massive slap in the face to Layden.
No you are. 2nd hand information never qualified for whistleblower status until just prior to this person coming out. The rules were changed just prior. I smell collusion - the kind you don't need any Russians for.
This code looks like a great example of “it doesn’t have to be the best solution, it just has to be a solution.” I have wasted so much of my life optimizing away nonexistent problems because I let the practical parts of life get away from me.
Once that 6 week mark hits than you can . Danny you can’t carry a baby and don’t know the emotional toll it has & Imani you have never given birth so you can’t fully understand until you do.
you’re an asshole but i ain’t going. friend stay too far and i been on the WB twice today. this personal about to be everything lol and it’s my first blunt in three weeks
Why? Running an illegal security offering is one of the most profitable things possible... Seliing 4 billion dollars worth of thin air for a small fine is a great business..
Tuition by people who can afford to pay. They can fill the entire class with people who can afford to pay with 4.00+ and not lose so much as an eye. How does this give power to the federal government in their leverage
What's Justice? Laying the Smackdown on Some Philosophy! A Political Philosophy
Hi Zach, I appreciate the follow! Not sure if this is for you, but you might be interested in this FREE Training on how to get more Followers and more Sales on Social Media You can get it for free right here: http://bit.ly/GM-MFMS Your Success is My Success - Glen
Let’s hope this circus clown pretend attorney gets the rug pulled out from u dear his lies
I could use a tutorial on how to make a remote conference engaging. I can barely stay awake through all the Skype ca... [nods off]
*sad reactions only*. So lucky to have found our little #journosquad ( , ) and  during the first few years of Uni.
The Banana Splits being used for a horror movie is the best metaphor for becoming an adult I've ever seen.
Good to know they are that reliable in the cold. We’re considering a move to Denver in a few years and we’ll need something for that climate. Parting with a good car is tough.
"academics have a responsibility not just to make new knowledge, but to spread that knowledge as far and wide as possible. We need to build a democratic intellectual culture where all people get the benefits of philosophy and history and science." https://www.currentaffairs.org/2019/09/academics-cannot-evade-their-public-responsibilities …
My first time at ⁦ ⁩, and it is the right time. Multi-Instrumentalist Matthew Whitaker will be performing shortly. It is truly #AllAboutJazz
What do you think is the best holiday decoration for a gift? — Depends on the person. I personally love Nightmare Before Christmas stuff. https://lap78.ask.fm/igoto/45DKECPW7B667HQMHN2IG6NM2KNAFERFUP6OXBVJCPS3BYPUYYWNCII2NUENOQRXKC27WEYDIBUTUUSQRUY7O5MSPLULNAZXWREADFTCCFVDONHVGWJC2I65SC23XSD6SC5ISMIPQT2GDK52OK3AKQ3N5HAHPZEOQ7GU5YS3R2R3Y7WPAFTGFD7N5VUKNNGOYN6IYIC2UNE7XETWDU4FEH6AGDEA==== …
lmao super quiet but on another note go ahead and pay dak that money make him the highest paid to it
This sounds like the best Con ever. I want to go to one, too! I love pins!
The Lady Eagles improve to 6-8 which ties a season high since joining the union in 2012....Also tie last years 4 in a row for consecutive wins since 2012...Next up at Griswold Oct. 8th
Just loved "The 90s Was Better Before" by Jean Perrin on ://www.mixcloud.com/JeanPerrin/the-90s-was-better-before/ …
INITIATION https://amzn.to/2QxwhxN is an autobiography about a young man's enlightening coming-of-age secret education in a male harem known only to a few. It is a true story about the Art of Haute Living to your fullest potential. #RRBC #authorconfession
Sadly was not able to stay for the #UN drinks cos my ride back to #Chambery wss at 6.30pm - thanks to my friend for the invitation tho. So here is one photo to show i visited - at The Broken Chair. A reminder that…
Why did he want to film Chicken Noodle Soup in LA rather than Korea where he's from or Harlem, New York City that the original song references?
I want Oppo F11 PRO, Nazi you told me 89,500 and heaven knows I've been praying for miracle to get the Oppo phone. THANKS
Might not be pretty, but at least you'll reach the top
If you liked the book, check out our page http://internalizing.online
just bought a t-shirt from the campaign and donated 5$& am now encouraging others to do the same for , a candidate whom the American people deserve to continue having on the debate stage
Lol I refuse to ever act like grime music is easy on the ears
Received my coin from  Foundation. It's honestly so beautiful. Peter Mayhew played a huge part in making my childhood amazing. Rest amongst the stars, Mr. Mayhew #petermayhewsfoundation #ripchewie #thankyoumrmayhew
explains a lot. I hope they are dressed to the nines. I kind of love how they're secretive tbh
no. the whole point of it was that the intruder did NOT pose a threat.
hangyul: me: ISMZJJS BOI WHAT THE HMSKS YOU CANT AHHH DONT PLAY I CANT KSJSJJS
Here’s a fact about each of the boys that we bet you didn’t know:  can play the mandolin  is 6’4”  has a bachelor’s degree in jazz and a master’s in vocal performance.  can speak pretty good Greek Any surprises?
One thing that doesn’t sit well with me is seeing managers learn from their mistakes like Lampard and has a style of play. Brendan Rodgers shot out the gate with consistent style of play. Ole has been with the squad almost a year and we still have no style of play.
Dad of the year I wish parents supported anything I ever did
Melbourne & Victoria tourism news: How good is this! Boats you can hire on the Yarra (no license required) #GOBOAT https://goboat.com.au/melbourne/ Hotel #Chadstone Melbourne opens next month https://www.accorhotels.com/gb/hotel-B2U8-hotel-chadstone-melbourne-opening-november-2019/index.shtml?adults=&children=&nights=&dateIn= …
Identify the 30 to 50 districts you want to go after and start now and don't stop. She's willing to work with him on usmca in prescription drugs so she can say that they did something.  get things done but go after these people now about impeachment. Don't wait
A look that says: Im gonna push that b*tch from the 16th floor later.. Pero joke lng sympre..
Why would  remove all the collections as well as the watchlist feature? It was so much better before
Can't wait til Tierney is fit if for nothing else than putting in decent service. That being said Sead was decent, won all his one on ones. Did get caught too far up the pitch a few times but that's his game, we knew that.
http://on.ktla.com/korg7 San Francisco should talk to our mayor  #publicrestrooms y'all. They help keep the poop off the streets. We are humans not farm animals.
unfortunately there hasn't been much focus on trans people until now for a plethora of reasons, but the science that is coming out is saying yes to that when your brain activity matches that of the opposite sex, you align yourself with that sex
i really want to, but money is the issue here,,,,, (need to pay for school stuff) but hopefully ?¿ next year ;(
I’m glad everyone likes the birds of prey posters, but they simply are not for me.
Growing slowly but surely and enjoying every moment of the journey
You’re a Trump fan who is trying to sell me on the idea that the economy is so great that you get the privilege of working a job so that you can... not have healthcare. You know who wants to give you better, more affordable access to healthcare? Literally everyone else.
#RT : Next Monday, October 7, the FBISD Board of Trustees will host its Listening Tour at Marshall High School. This event is open to the public and gives Board members a chance to hear directly from the FBISD community. Attendees will also h…
Nazis (and fascists) were right-wing authoritarians. They had extremely conservative values and the gap between the rich and poor grew greatly during the regime. This is essentially the opposite of socialism. If you wanted to insult the left than communists were left-wing.
Guilty/ innocent 1. guilty 2. Innocent 3.guilty 4. guilty? 5. guilty 6. guilty 7. innocent 8. guilty 9. innocent 10. innocent 11. innocent 12. innocent 13. innocent 14. innocent 15. prolly guilty lmao Answer with an emoji and I'll send you the questions.
That was well within his capacity I've seen him smash those in for Cleethorpes in the past.
Umm yeah I second that. I always do Walmart grocery pickup, just roll up to the store and they put it in your car
Let the truth be shown. Omar speaks with forked tongue.
I'm watching the theory of verything pls pray so i don't cry
Sing to the mighty. Let this be the same. Oh, but don't you think? At the top of our children.
Lololololololololo! That’s about as truthful as you are Don the Con!
We just paid a $24M fine to the SEC, how should we describe this feeling: Jazzed. No. Stoked. Nah. Ecstatic. Ehhh. Got it:
She's the only woman standing and this is the year of a woman winning #BBNaiija. And #LamboMercy is that woman! #VOTEMercy #VOTEMercyto32052
Laurens Academy wins set four 27-25!! They win the match over Greenwood Christian 3 sets to 1.
'Tis the season, I suppose ;w; I was able to go into the classroom today and let my students come up to me for questions, but hoo goodness was the one time I circulated for questions energy taxing lol
The dragon licks Eve's neck. "I want her pussy first... I must breed her before you get your turn... and don't worry... she'll take my knot. I might have to shrink small enough to fit in the tavern..." He licks her neck again. "Why, did you want my knot first?"
PRESS RELEASE September 30, 2019 “Office of the Inspector General of the Intelligence Community’s Statement on Processing of Whistleblower Complaints”
 has added the full version of 'Architect Love Letter' to their latest playlist, 'Songs of Sunshine and Struggle'. A lot of great music there. Give it a spin!
THE MORE THE DEMOCRAT SOCIALISTS LIKE NANCY PELOSI TALK ABOUT IMPEACHMENT THE BETTER PRESIDENT TRUMP LOOKS FOR 2020. MAXINE WATERS SHOULD SCREAM AGAIN; "IMPEACH 45" TRUMP WILL WIN BY LANDSLIDE IN 2020THE DEMOCRAT SOCIALISTS ARE ALL WASHED UP FOR 2020GET OVER IT
You’re so right. We all just need to be cautious. Thanks for sharing the info & your insight!
Niggas who work for the L.A metro are nosy as fuck. like YES I am getting on for free!!
Schiff prefaced this with “the essence of” and closed describing it as “ summarizing”, It’s not lying, It’s called paraphrasing, something you all are apparently to dense to comprehend. Read the memorandum yourself, it’s all there.
"And if that means there’s then nowhere for controversial speakers like Stefren to publicly speak, then the market has spoken." So good
 I’m very familiar with the wooden kind that left a few pieces of rice on my forehead
It’s that kind of work night where I play Magic Shop on repeat the whole break. THE WHOLE BREAK. So thank you BTS
Never thought I’d be a mom to a boy, but ⁣ the universe knew I needed him and sent him to me ⁣⁣ ⁣ He’s my buddy and I couldn’t be more proud he chose me to be his mom. ⁣⁣ ⁣⁣ #boymom , Ontario https://www.instagram.com/p/B3Dfpt-AWC5/?igshid=kvsq9j0j9v72 …
‘Ocean’ by Karol G has now spent a total of 150 days within the Top 10 on Apple Musics Top Charts. ( Albums Latino ) Karol is the only female within the Top 40. Karol G #ArtistaDelAno #LatinAMAs
Happiness comes after we accept the unhappiness itself  #KissesDelavin Kisses Delavin #DNinang
Last night I put my contact on in the middle of crowd lol
His goal is to discredit the CIA and FBI. He is going to great lengths to manufacture a narrative. And let’s not forget, this has already been investigated but the IG.
//OH NO GET WELL SOON! Yes, that's the thing, and you're seeing the drama between Sylvain and Lorenz atm... It's caused bc of such crack depth. It's both a horror and also incredibly beautiful
U get the vibes and energy you put out into the world so don’t act surprised when someone pulls a you on you
He’s not a true whistle blower because he doesn’t have first hand knowledge, of course the dems changed that rule right before how convenient
I feel like I do see your side Ed. You feel that the disenfranchised have too much power. Is that it? Is it that you're uncomfortable in shaking up the long engrained power structures in our society? Help me understand Ed.
My son didn't realize I bought mystery , gave me a funny look & said "It tastes like Teddy Grahams( ) It's like the cookie butter from  that the girl said tastes like smashed Teddy Grahams! Oh no wait, maybe a churro?" He's gonna eat the entire pack, help!
A so-called successful business man with the skills to lead the great country which has become a shamble. We are a laughing stock on the global stage and more than a disappointment to her citizens.
Want to say a massive well done to the shooshh team that smash out freshers and boundary festival! Couldn’t be more proud
Oh woooow. Congrats. You worked hard and it payed off. You can be so damn proud of yourself, girl. I'm honestly so happy for you. Wishing you a wonderful pregnancy & I can't wait for the "birth announcement". Take care of yourself.
It's very real. "Greater worker insecurity" is exactly what the early capitalists loved about capitalism, as well. Read the quotes in the passages below, please:
speaking of ryolas fic i found the author of the other one on twitter i feel like i wanna vet them and see if they're someone i wanna...follow...........
Freud not fraud comes to mind thanks for the chuckles
Doctor triumphs from the tragedy of ALS by sharing his tale | http://TheSpec.com https://www.thespec.com/news-story/9613891-doctor-triumphs-from-the-tragedy-of-als-by-sharing-his-tale/ …
When it comes to it, do NOT show him or anyone involved in this ANY kind of mercy. Throw the collective book at him and read him the Constitution while you do it!
In eighth grade i went with my three friends as fall out boy (i was patrick) and in 2014 i was liam’s character from 1d’s best song ever vid (leeroy the choreographer)
Love your classroom. Are you using the science program Knowing Science?
He didn't do anything of the sort, that was  independently, Vic said that in his deposition, Nick made that very clear, and if you were paying any attention to it you would know that
The Real Seafood Company downtown gives free meals for people on their birthday
A general sweep of thank yous to the folks posting their favorite Jessye Norman performances. It’s lovely to see and hear them all. Like comfort food via my earbuds. #JessyeNorman
You are a criminal robotic black hole, sucking the life out of America with each word you speak. I'm no psychologist, but it seems to me you are projecting your own self image on our President. And by the way, he's YOUR president too, since he was ELECTED, so SHOW SOME RESPECT.
As much we are all shouting we have not seen improvement, dont greet me happy independence, blah blah blah, remember you are one of those who can make better. Dont hate the nation. Hate the situation. I rest my case. Happy new month and Happy Independence day Nigeria
True, I always wanted to have a go at a tracheostomy. Think I'd do alright. When we were in the scouts we had an electronic doll called Annie . We had to resucitate her,for cpr, if the light went green we saved her, yellow she was in-between and red , dead.
Colorado’s lawmakers in Washington use leadership PACs to raise extra cash from big-moneyed interests  is fighting to reduce the influence of lobbyists and wealthy donors in states all across the country, including Colorado and Florida https://coloradosun.com/2019/09/19/colorado-congress-federal-leadership-pac/ …
Also I tried to create a private league but some guys didn’t sign up because it was difficult. When I created tge league initially I got an email with a password and it was fine. When I invited other players with the email they would click the link then it would take them to the
Gave my first music lesson today right after school and his name happens to be Zack as well ! He's only 5yrs of age! IF YOU ARE INTERESTED IN TAKING LESSONS! You will learn the basics first (fingering, scales)…
Well they don't know who he is so they look him up and it shows he led the Liberal Party. In good old USA Liberals are the lefties.
I read Pakenham's book, the main basis for the analysis below. Pakenham was writing in 1979, far too late for him to mention their ethnicities other than 'German' (so many 'Germans') and get published. This just clarifies their 'Germanness': https://nationalvanguard.org/2016/02/the-boer-war-remembered/ …
The sorry no good MF's are working AGAINST the US and its intelligence agencies just to coddle that big orange tiny hand toddler in the Whitehouse. Definitely traitorous. And still the GOP complicit ass stay SILENT
I can’t see many restaurants making it. There’s never been much profit in food, ever. It’s in the booze. So now the minimum wage can take that profit. So happy to be out of the industry!
I think she’s going to be in Spark of the Resistance too
Yeah there’s people that say Dookie is the only good album they ever made which is just objectively incorrect
After a few leagues with OUAT in Tron, it misses (literally or functionally) a lot but adds a fairly large extra subset of keepable hands. The hardest part about Tron was hand assessment and this adds a new aspect there that will prove challenging to properly weigh up at first.
 we are proud of you. Way to continue to compete and learn the entire season! Seniors we appreciate all of your dedication and all underclassmen remember that the offseason workouts begin soon!
Uh good any thing else? Oh by the way here lol. Barr's doing work
But once you go down the mech keeb well you always emerge with more than one board
honestly like wth, is being TOXIC the new trend or something?
Ok so according to the latest Ekos numbers: - Bloc at 14% in Quebec - LPC tied among the 65+ -CPC down in Alberta compared to 2015 None of this really makes sense
PAY ONLY AFTER THE WORK IS COMPLETE . i am currently a senior in college and looking for some work. I can help you with your math at a reasonable and affordable price. DM me if you are interested. Cheers and have a nice day
Huuuuuuuge facts, damn, that’s the truth. I did used to bitch on here a lot. I be coolin it now, addressing social issues and making jokes. You know a nigga feeling better when he got time to care about social issues
And yes it uses yr LastFM charts to build the chart of your liking
Here's the thing, we have a Comfort Women-themed travel vlog coming up this saturday!
Guess who made the list???? Our very own  came in at #43! Congrats Adam, but this is only the beginning. Never forget where you came from and what you are striving for. Continue to work hard and never let anyone out work you! Proud of you!
Australia does not have the same whistleblowing protections or powerful intelligence committees as the United States. Australia has raids on journalists who report on intelligence and security matters. #uspoli #auspolhttps://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2019/oct/01/someone-blew-the-whistle-on-trump-if-it-happened-in-australia-we-might-never-hear-about-it?CMP=Share_iOSApp_Other …
Sugar coat it how you want , Trumps the President , enough said.
You are assuming the polls aren't skewed in any way and dismissing the enthusiasm quotient (donors, volunteers and caucus commitments).
Trump Is The First Modern President That More Americans Want To Impeach https://www.politicususa.com/2019/09/30/trump-support-impeachment-poll.html … via
Make sure to be on the lookout for #THEPAYOFF and  at tonight’s Season Premiere of #WWE #RAW #WrestlingCommunity, we will send free koozies to the first THREE fans who tweet us a screen grab or picture of Tom and our sign! Look how happy he is!!
I wish i remembered my login, it's been so long. I might make a new one just for the nostslgia feelz
I absolutely believe he committed impeachable offenses and I applaud the House Of Reps for honoring their oath of office.
Can anyone sign that woman for Bears O Line? That was a solid hit keeping the plane from getting sacked.
Laser Cutting the Bliss loudspeakers exoskeleton  Printing
I always make myself look like the bad guy with ending any relationship because I think it will make it easier for them of course only with the ones I love .
1st bass is a succulent cor anglais gently hoisted up my asshole Second base is a coq o vin poured delicately onto my earlobe Third base is the first kiss shared between lovers and may come many years after anal sex or fellatio or cunnilingus has occurred
Good to be off work. Staying at mom’s for the week while she’s gone.
This #Joro song by  is very melodious and very easy to vibe and dance to. Yh, the lyrics aren't anything to write home about, but I doubt anyone was expecting rich lyrics, when we do get rich lyrics 4rm wizzy it's an exception. That aside, the track is a banger.
isaiah change your password back to the one i know challenge
My pleasure, Jim! Should the Nats get past Milwaukee, the Dodgers/Nationals NLDS will have a ton of local ties...with Hudson, Zimmerman, Taylor...& UVA's Doolittle.
I’ve been a Viking fan from birth, typically the only one around since I moved away from MN. I support them still and always will. But I don’t feel at all bad about calling out poor play and wishing for better. No fan has been teased like we who pull for purple.
Lol we have our days. We keep it clean for the TL LOL
I love activities like this! I like to write, but I’m not very good at coming up with writing prompts. My sister knows that so this is one of the things she got me for my birthday! Which is tomorrow btw... #libraszn
Fam. I saw this photo first w/o seeing who tweeted it and was like ‘what in the actual fuck.’
Nah. Dating just to marry is why divorce is so common. Date to share experiences with someone and the rest will take care of itself.
I’m just so amused that the guy who claims he was “joking” when he asked Russia to hack Hillary’s emails gets his knickers in a knot when he’s on the receiving end of a snarky retelling of his Ukraine.
Bruh I dunked on a nigga in front of his girl one time and she was laughing...the moral of the story is...I ain’t never gave a fuck
I’m rewatching the January 4th, 2010 episode of TNA Impact to psyche myself up for this week and man. The talent was there. But it was just so...awkward. Also, nothing WWE does this week will top  returning to WWE. #TNA #IMPACT #WWE #AEW
Not as woeful as your spelling!But probably as woeful as Pogbas performances in the last 3 years!end of the day, you have Pogba as your profile picture, highly embarrassing and your opinion belongs in the bin! You’re a Pogba fan, not a United fan.
hot take: while stuff that was made by professionals and released to the public is fair game (especially if you had to pay for whatever it was), art made as a hobby and especially for free should only get "constructive criticism" if the person who made it asks for it
They can and they can also pay for school. If it wasn’t for the schools they wouldn’t have a likeness to make anything off of. I’m ok with high school kids going straight to pro or semi pro if they can 95% can’t.
#NP Speak the Name feat. Natalie Grant by Koryn Hawthorne on #KRGN_985FM
casual thot is the only way to go when you don’t know what’s planned jungkook doing what we all wanna do
⌜ 13 ⌟ On the opposite end of the spectrum: Single-to-few word replies. It just... It just feels like it represents a complete lack of enthusiasm/interest from the other writer. Give me SOMETHING to respond to, please?
I don't know why Panama & Peru going at it, We all eating chicken & rice at the end of the day lol
Like I'll be like ayyy wassup with chu and shit but constant no I feel like I'd be buggin so I'd wait for the other person to say something to me or I'll end up asking someone who knows what their name is or wait till they write their name on something
It was fantastic viewing. Full of the passion, respect and hope of young people that I see often.
I love Scientific journal's! Open source ones too. So when I find updates via 3rd party sites. Or the posted site of origin I go on a binge read. Well here are some via  https://www.nature.com/subjects/cas9-endonuclease …
You have been an entry level Amazon employee for almost 3 years and yet you make the same as someone who just walked in off the streets yesterday. Tell me more about the great things you have achieved at Amazon. How many times have you been passed over for promotion?
Everything. One of my all time faves. I lost it on the recent Tree tour when they played it. Amazing energy.
I feel like there's enough of a difference between how the JL reunion crowd acts and the Snyder crowd, but touche
Check out some of the best rap album covers in our latest post on our Instagram page!
 After the hundreds of dollars I have spent passed just buying the game I get t 2 patches that jacked up my jump shot and make it almost impossible to get in a neighborhood with my friends and now it won’t load into the right my player build when I accept a invite cmon!!!
A Man Chooses Bioshock, still the best twist in games.
” thank you for forgiving me for the interruption i’ll go” Dimitri phases out of this dimension
Well, according to foundational leader Sutter, they are just playing the role they are comfortable with, don't worry EP and Brock can score all the goals.
“Journalists “ AHAHAHA I’m good with the shower heads spewing truck exhaust
Spooky season adopts drop tomorrow!! If the first does well ill make more! Super excited for you guys to see these bois!
When I saw the composer for the OST I was like Lmaooooo feels my wallet turn to ash
Called a sugar mask...Cynthia got it for me at that place on the Strand. Where we got the fairy dust. And it has become my good juju, at my house watching the game.. #HereWeGo
I promise to act just like you and the rest of the liberals.... we'll make sure to start an impeachment inquiry right after the inauguration. Actually the way I see it is there won't be a democrat winner for a long, long time. #GreatAwakening #TrumpLandslide2020
It’s like the only people still willing to work for Trump are Infowars nutballs.
 We Are live!! With the last night of our charity stream. We are at $450.00 and I have 5 games to give away. Every $50.00 I will give a steam game away!! #TeamB42 #PhoenixCartel
I gave  the  #votecompass quiz. Proud that, at 9, he could articulate his reasons on almost every question. Smart, aware, empathetic. Centre left ain’t bad!! Raise engaged kids!! #cdnpoli #elxn43
 Can you exempt LNG (liquefied natural gas) from the recent US sanctions please? Pretty please with sugar on top?
at what age do you stop having the crippling desire to jump on a trampoline for 7 hours straight
In 2019, people really second guessed one of the greatest filmmakers EVER. This line is so true.
Made my weekly jar of caramelized onions. Always excited to use them during the week. Today's had some fig jam and hot honey. Grilled cheese with gouda on deck. =)
for me it was Budokai 2, not only it was one of the first games i owned for my PS2 but it pretty much got me hooked into Dragon Ball Z and while it did spoil the later seasons i still had a blast with it
I still dont get why you are mad. It's just about esthetics and you say "the game is ruined". No change in the gameplay. New free content every month. Online mode. Great graphics. But the game is less good than the original one because of skins ? Really ?
Come on Moe Doyle was trying to get up ducked down at the last second and that's how he gt hit helmet to helmet football is played fast yo reflexes react quick that wasnt intentionally to me refs killing the integrity of the game it's hard to watch
If y’all put the Mario jump sound on this it’ll be good
A womans right to choose extends to choosing to perform an act that can result in that baby (with the obvious exception of rape). I wouldn't mind them choosing abortion if men got a comparable decision. Both can decide to bang, only one can decide to have that child or not.
I never said you said that. I was actually agreeing with your statement of, 'if we want to keep ourselves safe from sexual predators, we should tackle the root cause'...which in this case, is predatory behavior.
So wait...  is XRP a security or a utility token? I’m just asking for a friend... To me it definitely sounds like a utility token and im pretty sure the SEC would agree
none of the raggedy ann & andy a musical adventure score is really that special except looney land and mirage camels
Says the liar and traitor herself.. By the way who won the election? Even after you colluded with Russia?
If we leave now for EON, we might clear the GTA traffic jam by sunrise!
Friend of mine made a 4-part short film in high school (I was part of the cast). I remember 1 of them: 2 friends play 1-on-1 soccer in the front yard. One of them is clearly better than the other; he keeps scoring on his friend and celebrating. The friend gets fed up, they
I wanna know where in the Bible it says that GAY people can’t have faith or walk into a church ....
What do you mean? Every recruit would rather go to a Cali school to take advantage of this. If anything, it’ll boost up recruitment in the P12.
Thanks for the shoutout and what a great idea!! If anyone does this, please let us know how it goes!
She inspired me tonight guess it really is the little things
Yeah, he taught them to come to his house for an easy, tasty meal. Really sucks for the cats, and also for the coyotes since they will become nuisance animals and will likely get put down eventually.
Honestly I'm most looking forward to seeing how fresh the show feels with all the new stuff.
A4: For me it’s focusing on the right moment. Does it matter what every little thought is in her head? Or is it more important to show the world right now? Or dialogue? #MondayMixer
They’re not forcing anything. They’re saying the NCAA can’t stop a kid from getting paid for the use of his or her likeness. The NCAA has blocked athletes from being able to participate in the free market. California is saying that you can’t do that. Let the free market decide.
That’s happening to me right now (imagine this in all caps I just don’t have the energy for that right now)
Nah, I prefer being alone. I need all the time to myself that I can get lol
I agree that JC hasn’t got voter appeal. I have joined the Lib Dem’s 2 years ago because JC’s tepid campaign for Remain and subsequent 3 line whip insisting mp’s support the triggering of Article50 made my blood boil. But right now anything would be better than Boris & Co.
oh wow of course a brietbart poll is totally a true representation of the rest of the world yes indeedy we can all relax now
Souls Harbor - Don't Let The Battle Steal Your Praise
a value, and fair or right did one police precinct's attend the communities meetings and speak out against this administrations that basketball court across 6th avenue by and behind the west 4th street washington street subway station
NOT ALL TOXIC PEOPLE ARE BAD PEOPLE. You still gotta make sure no one drains your being tho. If the person doesn’t make you want to be better, feel better or do better, traaasshhh that shit
Our families, nations are safe when they stand under the Cross.... Nasze rodziny,narody są bezpieczne kiedy stoją pod Krzyżem....
And they have the nerve to make a move about him. Never. Maybe if it was 20 years from now. Why glorify him?
Love all the films they did together, they were all very different. Victor/Victoria is in my Desert Island film list, one of those films can watch time and time again.
Me in the kitchen at work helping myself with customers food
Please don't say Protestants as it's completely incorrect say unionists if you want but don't drag the rest of us with you. Also hows the echo chamber?
The problem, is they just made high school sports even more about the "me" instead of the "us". What's next agents in Junior high, your own marketing rep. This is sick. So they get a free education, and one or two players will be good enough to use their likeness!!!!
I love listening to you  but maybe don’t critique his use of camera’s to get the word out on a public forum. It comes off petty. Maybe a phone call or DM?
What's the best #BlackFriday deal you've ever gotten? I want to hear your story for a  article! Email me: courtney.com
It would again show there's a justice system for the most powerful such as Epstein (his original deal) & Trump & family, and one for the rest of us.
Now we know when that extra $$from State appeared. So Zelly, play ball with us and we sweeten the pot!
And I'm sure your neither 90 or a man like he claims who the condition is for lol.
i take the act again tomorrow:-( i really hope i do better my scores makes me super sad
Hello! I’m late to the chat but here I am! Jeri from Massachusetts...I teach grades 11 & 12 ELA and AP Lang. :)
Congrats, happy birthday, and a big shoutout to anyone that achieved some personal goal, got a promotion, had a kid, got married, got a divorce (I mean if you wanted out of the marriage), broke up with someone (see the...
ahh this is when laurent puts on the woolen cap and Damen lost it.......... Best moment in the whole series and best fanart of it
Im going to use this... to my peril, no doubt. "My dear; love is so vicissituous." ** "But, Safe! That is not the proper use of the word!" "Get out now"... this is why I am still single
There are many Democrats and Independents who do not care for Warren. I am for Beto. The more he gets heard, the more people like him. He has good solid plans, he inspires, and speaks truth.
I try my best to be as useful to people in the community as possible. Not just in my community but anywhere really. Those who know me know I will do what it takes, if reasonable, to help. What...
wow the 90's feels!!! we can always rely on jongdae for beautiful songs.. so proud of our vocal king congrats jongdae~ah #ShallWeMVOutNow #ShallWeCHEN #YesWeShallCHEN #CHEN #첸 ://youtu.be/AO1OqWwKj1A
" Hey, you can do it yourself. You're a big girl.~ " Fox teases with a wide smirk, his hands pulling down on the bird's shorts to free his thick behind from it's confines to slip his fingers between the cheeks and toy with a certain hole. " Just like that. "
Proverbs 16:3 (NKJV) 3 Commit your works to the LORD, And your thoughts will be established.
That's like polling the line at McDonald's with "Who Likes Hamburgers?....sorry Hamberders"
Marianne Williamson’s message resonating across the party line. http://Marianne2020.com
There is always the struggle of finding balance between "higher-up" initiatives and the meetings being truly teacher/students/data driven. We are getting there. #formativechat
I can’t figure out why captain marvel doesn’t just put on the gauntlet once she gets it from spider-man!!!
the most bizarre stories have been told on this here app lol
If the path is beautiful, I do not ask where it leads but to follow. INITIATION https://amzn.to/2QxwhxN is a sensually captivating autobiography about a young man coming of age in a secret society & a male harem. #writingcommunity #RWISA
If you go back two decades that first number only goes up by one, and the the 2nd by at least 3,000.
Yep. Then what about scholarships? Do they still get them? Or will it be based on some sort of revenue tier system? All I see is issues...an high dollar cars in the player lot.
Bella, as always, you're undying and consistent support shows all of us how FUCKING LUCKY we are to have the Goddess of all that is honest, good, and TRUE IN OUR CORNER. Unfort,  will only allow me to reach a certain #of followers, if I gain 29, I lose 29?
Looks awesome. That is the definition of collaborative success. John Deere dealer, Case IH dealer and precision AG support
I love Halloween town(not the series)its the best Disney Halloween movie ever!!
Can’t tell you how deeply affected I am by #OrangeShirtDay, especially how it got it’s name. Wish I can turn back the clock and hug tightly every child that was forced to go to residential schools. If you’re reading this, please accept our apologies. Know that you are loved.
I AM SURE BARR IS GOING TO BE ALL OVER THIS Wilbur Ross is reportedly the 8th Trump official to use private email for government business https://theweek.com/speedreads/868811/wilbur-ross-reportedly-8th-trump-official-use-private-email-government-business …
I love staying in hotels for the breakfast, it’s currently 1:56am and I can’t wait to have the cheese on toast tomorrow morning
"But I won't scream, won't give them that satisfaction No I won't confess my false interaction As I breathe deep and prepare for my passing I hear them chant, burn the witch."
Nice (also glad to see the knight hoodie looks good irl!)
Keep up the good work Artie! I’ll come see you when you come to Ma!
who do I look like, Thor Gunnarsson at the Althing in 1032 CE?
Spending the evening putting the final touches on the next article for my monthly subscription service. So excited about this one! Here is the first one incase you want to catch up... https://erikafox.fohrlabs.com/my-story-part-1-career-journey-the-5-game-changing-moments …
I love the support from LA Matheson. Always free deliveries to #sd36
Now got 'standing ovation at the mere mention of BJ'. Thanks the Victorian anachronism
Nutting has brought hopelessness to PNC and Pirate fans...and for that he should step aside and sell to someone with a passion to win and a respect for the fanbase.
It’s easy to give $5. Just click the link, I just gave $5 again.
Councillor Gondek says she originally wasn’t going to support the motion because she felt Bill 21 is not in their jurisdiction and it’s the responsibility of the federal government to challenge. But, she says she will be supporting it today and hopes they can do more. #YYC #YYCcc
I am honestly feeling ded from school and all the comeback
If any of you gave the President even a chance, he might tone down his rhetoric. Even with the daily deluge of attacks, he has had far more success than the other two branches of government combined. You are definitely on the wrong side.
A photo that I took was used to make that meme. Makes it look like I said I was ripped off. I wasn't. I always photograph my comic books on the pool table.
If you have somewhere to be, but you're stuck in a huge crowd of slow-moving people, try this easy trick. Scream, "I'M GONNA PUKE!" at the top of your lungs, and watch that swarm of humans part like the Red Sea. #TheMorningRush #DiskarteNgTamad
Amen! I stand with the greatest President Donald Trump!
the street hoops net is a cruel fucking mistress and i am too tall to ever be great at baby arcade basketball
I love oneus because of their discography. I immediately loved Valkyrie and ever since then, I can’t get enough of them. Thanks for the giveaway #원어스_가자 #ONEUS_LIT
Totally agree, but I'd also say it depends on the use case. i.e. you can't build a decentralized collateral loan platform without decentralization from the start. Different use cases and challenges.
Welcome to the Month of October. Its 12:52am if you're still awake, Make Declaration Upon your life and Family Now. God is everywhere.
Peace process is safe according to the courts ...stop listening to the terrorists
Newt...lol. Didn't your own party oust you for covering up your affair while your wife was dying...while you were going after the President of the United States for having an affair?!?!?
“Y-Yeah... I can see all of Lowee like this” She laughs back, and she looks into the distance. She can really see everything since she is getting so high up. She tries to reach a hand down to help pull you up to her height
Jun 4, 2014...The NRA Has a Tea Party Problem... https://www.bloomberg.com/opinion/articles/2014-06-04/the-nra-has-a-tea-party-problem …
Wait so neither Kravtsov or Chytil made the Rangers roster? Lol
Praying for you every day. Righteousness will prevail. Seek the Lord every day for guidance and direction.
I've heard of "drunk Shakespeare" where they get one or more of the actors trashed and the others have to scramble to try to continue with the show. Ice heard it can be pretty funny tbh
Just finished watching ep 1 of Pirates of Salt Bay and you killed it. I've gone back and forth on twitch for a while and your community was the first to make me feel welcome. Plus it helps that your content is awesome
*shakes her head and purses her lip to hide her smile, moving to rinse her plate and put it in the dishwasher*
Thank you jamie When we meet I'm gonna give you the biggest hug <3
a bottle to the face rn is what i feel like i’m missing...
its gotta be the sweetheart mahiru ive seen screenshots and im going to play the shit out of this tomorrow when i get paid
Download Voicemod now for FREE! The best weapon for players and content creators -> - The best real-time Voice Changer - Amazing Soundboard - Collection of over 70 original voices - Voice Maker Troll like a PRO! http://bit.ly/2PO8Qj0 #Voicechanger
President Trump IS an American HERO fighting The CORRUPT like David fighting Goliath, all while achieving greatness for ALL Americans!
Idk I move on relatively quickly so I have no issues w/ continuing to be friends, depending on the situation
ofbjfjd THANK YOU. i always feel like i'm stepping on toes and like, i get it, first 3d zelda it was mind-blowing at the time, but majora's mask rly took the groundwork and pushed it to the edge & did a way better job lmao
 just saw Eric on the Kenny Omega documentary that is showing in Canada. Taking his current job in perspective, can a performer like a Omega fit in a larger mainstream company? #AskEricAnything
Saw some of the new Shadowkeep armor sets. Raid set looks decent, but the Phenotype armor is where it's at. I need that Titan set lol
UP10TION released the most GOD TIER song of 2019, Blue Rose, and no one told me. This is my BG SOTY, what a fucking masterpiece!!!!
So Dems subpoenaed Rudy Giuliani. I wonder if they remember how those subpoenas 2 Robert Mueller and Corey Lewandowski worked out for them. This is going 2 be fun to watch. Of course the real show with testimony of the whistleblower will be in secret. Dems know 2 ruin a good show
#Tekpone is Celebrating it's 23rd year of bringing the latest Mobile Technologies and Innovation to the Dabawenyos. Discounts! Freebies! Installment Offers! And MORE! 24months 0% installment offers for The Huawei…
Exactly they can’t expect that we did good at 1 thing. Marlon was such a bright spot and everything else was pretty much a black hole All we can hope is adjustments are made and we win the next 2 games convincingly
You may make more $elsewhere, but you’ll have the best change for another ring in Boston! Your the bridge from  this is your team now! Don’t of all this kids all over NE who luv u, including my son!
Peep  with the sign. How adorable and quite possibly heartwarming at that.
So my romance novella PLATINUM NIGHTS feat. a 36yo heroine and a 57 hero just won a WATTYS 2019 (Romance category). I'm over the moon that a 'seasoned romance' won! I had already plans to work on it and publish it next year but I've got extra motivation today. THANK YOU!
my son is an avid wrestling fan and in fact a wrestler himself. I am always about the Rock
Haven't done fall look yet but I've been doing makeup since April and I'm dieing to know what you think?? Am I good enough for the #jeffreestarprlist This is the First PR I decided to go forCrazy ,I know but you are my BIGGEST inspo and I thought go BIG or go home
The thing that pisses me off the most about this is that Sessions will come out looking good.
its 2am i gotta be up in 3hrs and i just remembered i forgot to pay the bills lol fml
All of the livable wage talk on here assumes the earner starts from zero. A lot of these scenarios start from well below zero.
10 Of The Most Overrated Tourist Attractions In Japan (& What to See Instead)
What short story have you read that simply floored you? I’m looking for new quick-reads. For me, Chekhov’s “The Bet” was an impactful piece. It gave me a whole new appreciation for morality and freedom?
The effects are real, causing actual harm to actual Austinites, but  and  among others refuse to move swiftly to take known useful steps like making personal car trips much less appealing than active or mass transit. Get to work—time has already run out.
(L-R) MD of Lolite Energy Limited, Engr. Kenechukwu Agbo, Executive Gov of Enugu State, HE Gov. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi, ES NCDMB Engr. Simbi Wabote, and Igwe of Etiti Ozalla, His Royal Highness, Igwe Nwochi in a photo session shortly after commissioning of the manufacturing facilty
Stopped by “Happy Accidents,” the Bob Ross exhibit today in rainy Virginia. There’s not enough space to praise an artist and teacher who would come into homes to help those, with paintbrush or not, imagine their world. And to think, he pointed us toward trees and mountains?!
Congratulations  for once again proving your inability to just report the facts. Hideous.
I like the song you linked! I'll start listening to the others at work tomorrow. Thanks
 lemme tell you man, the second you slap a discount on the Switch its over and im buying it. Hit me with a 9.782% discount idgaf
Witnessed and agreed. Got an invite sent to my device today seems the clowns in America think i should follow them.
It will save billions in athletic scholarships. Interested to know how the corporations will deal with a 19 year old when that ACL goes out or their gpa makes them ineligible as per university academic standards This has not been thought out all the way through.
Let's hope he crosses the line ...and is replaced.
Yes. Give him enough time to light the fuse and the bomb will go off. He needs to be removed. Now.
I love how the last 3-4 minutes are a legitimate acid trip
I’m sexy, I’m cute, I’m popular to boot. I’m bitchin, great hair, the boys all love to stare. I’m wanted, I’m hot, I’m everything you’re not.
Is it safe to ride with your feet on the dashboard? Airbags deploy at 100 to 220 miles per hour. If you’re in an accident, what happens to your legs when those airbags deploy. Think about that the next time you feel it’s more comfortable to put your feet up on the dash.
Hello, lovely Jo!! It was an absolute pleasure to meet you, you looked gorgeous and thank you for the wonderful company! We can both geek out about lenses and cameras hopefully soon xxxx
The final bits of the article tell the truth. He did nothing wrong. Liberal idiots.
tomorrow is october which means it’s almost jimin & yuta month!!! the two ultimate loves of my life!!!!
It was the intent to protect ourselves for tyranny.. You clearly dont understand the Constitution.. You're pro choice, by your own statement.. Which means you support abortion & you're wrong.. We have had free speech in the past.. That is no longer true, but it IS a right
Well, lol I was convinced it was Lindsay Lohan, but now I’m almost thinking Kelly Osborne, have about the same #of clue maches for me, & similar voices
-Record breaking free basketball camps -The reason behind it -Next summer new RECORD
Fun thread of #TrumpCivilWar #civilwarpotluck tweets. Also, the raisins are explained... Sort of.
A5 Oh, I like that. Sometimes close is good enough. Before my dad passed he taught me to shoot his revolver. The first shot I nearly nailed the target - just a hair off. We're done, he said. I have nothing to worry about. (He passed a month later). #ImpactMatters
bruh my lecture from the med science building moved to olson. success
You people have been saying the same crap for 3 years. Trump will win again in 2020 and you’ll continue it. It seems you never learn because you keep following your media masters and their bullshit propaganda. They only sample left wingers in the polls, FYI. Surprise again!
 If ur strategy is 2 fan out across the globe 2 get some phony BS on Russian interference, well then we say Thank You! Ur showing every1 that u disregard the FBI, CIA & all Intelligence Agencies and believe only in Trump, Barr, Pompeo. Good luck! See u traitors in prison.
I admire your ingenuity. Even if the result upsets my eyes and stomach.
Vincent doesn’t understand crypto currency and it doesn’t interest him what so ever yet he uses it for me cuz he knows it makes me happy and that’s the little shit I LIKE
Some of the new mk11 variations are pretty wack or just not exciting (hi Kollector) but Sub's is cool at least.
That definitely Jason putting the info in E News. Jsjjs
Men are not the enemy. The war against men will not end well. If you only root for women to win, everyone loses. We should appreciate, value & respect men. Together, we can work on solutions to problems.
Need to get these pieces off the chessboard and isolate the king, the dictator they are trying to create.
oh wait idk if they started season 4 yet but they were on episode 8 weeks ago and then the actress who plays hilda posted this so they must be finished with season 3 by now
 So I am on one of my players and when I join one of my friends, it’s loading me in their session with my other player. This happens each time since the new patch!! #fix2k20
Tomorrow could bring into your life and she was right  I think in the end everyone gets what they deserve so hang in there honey keep fighting and never ever give up believing that that perfect person that your soul mate is out there somewhere and you’ll find him.
Not entering the contest just helping to CONGRATULATE my dear friend  on his BIG 500 followers...check him out and join the giveaway
We can handle roof repairs from hail or storm damage. Our experts are well equipped to help you find the right solutions with our comprehensive roofing services. - http://www.revampatl.com #contractor #construction #renovation #windows #roofer #siding #homeimprovement #home
WOW! The way you make me feel, you really done me good:)
I just like to get high and watch the stars outside
Isn’t it amazing how someone like you could not even be in America,but happen to have the optics of not being constantly lied to and indoctrinated by liberal media...and can quite clearly see Russia gate was a hoax, and the dems are are climbing the stairs of the gallows each lie
Please just make sure you hire good pilots in the future. Otherwise, the same incident will occur and we'll have to return your failed pilots one by one.
If Mifsud does turn out to be a Western intelligence asset, you will agree the entire Trump/Russia hoax was a "soft coup" attempt, right? Just for the record.
I know it’s funny, but the desperation in how many times “too much” is said in Too Much is really kind of beautifully poetic
The zine I bought from  came in the other day! It’s all so beautiful and the art from everyone is amazing. Thank you all
What makes you think #S386 is only going to favor Indians. Even if this becomes a law, an Indian applying for #Greencard today will still have to wait in line with others for equal amount of time . Please do not distort the facts .
My homemade dairy-free Pumpkin Spice creamer tastes better than the PSL. Yeah, I said it 32 oz. Very Vanilla Soymilk 16 oz. Pumpkin Purée 1 tbsp. Pumpkin pie spice 3 cinnamon sticks Let warm in a saucepot on low for 1 hour, and then store in the fridge once cool.
I can't deny this!  I got "The supporter" | What’s your study style? https://thehootstudents.com/whats-your-study-style/ …
“Oops, I meant that we don’t know about. There’s more info out there and we’re only allowed to see a small trace of it. Personally, I just feel that Locke is hiding certain things from us but that’s just me. I respect the guy and all but there’s that small seed of doubt that +
Absolutely. Thank you, Monica, for saving that blue dress or we would never have known about the scoundrel.
We’ve bought some shite in the last few years... the likes of pogba and maguire for humungous amounts of money... but Arsenal’s Pepe is right up there He is shite!!!
The actual story is way cooler than that though, you should definitely read it.
finally....the fancam that we've been waiting for thank you....i love you
I would love to see the Trumpican party exorcised from both the House & Senate! It needs a good cleanse.
Respectfully, the much respected Colley Matrix poll agrees with me.
“What Adam and Israel failed to do, Christ is currently fulfilling as the new Adam and true Israel. This, as the righteous heir to the eternal inheritance of Abraham and as the true Israel of God, the man Christ Jesus inherited the world.” -Jeffrey Johnson, “The Kingdom of God”
I have the worst luck. Hope you win to give someone a chance at luck as well. My dad always said if it wasnt for bad luck you wouldnt have any luck at all."
— I appreciate u thinking the answer would change, but I don’t see that happening any time soon, thank u tho
The only interesting thing that i saw from  was Carti twerking, like I didn’t see any other crazy videos, it was just this
If anything, it seems like they wanted them released. If they want   to release them, tell him he can't without their permission. If he doesn't, he is pressured by the media etc. to release them.
enjoy the journey; they’d feel how their lives been filled with positivity and love when they decided they’re in this. that’s how amazing discovering BTS is. follow the right people on this app, take time off this app when it gets overwhelming. #TheGroup #BTS #PCAs
One of my favorite producers just took down most of the beats from his website
Who Is Bobbi Raffel? The Untold Truth Of Marcus Lemonis’ Wife https://thenetline.com/the-untold-truth-of-marcus-lemonis-wife/ …
Sitting inside and watching the snow and wishing I had someone to drink my coffee with.
 congratulates all the new generation of Chilean researchers granted from Iniciacion FONDECYT Chile, specially the members of our Society.
What device-only privacy-respecting kid-friendly iOS apps exist to record videos with awesome fun filters? Not letting my kid use TikTok or Insta or the like. This is a huge market, and I'd pay $$for something that let my kid goof off without encroaching privacy.
“Where׳s the fire? What’s the hurry about? You’d better cook it off Before you burn it out... Slow down you...” Billy Joel, Vienna
great #apes — #chimpanzee, #bonobos, #orangutans, and #gorillas — may have a stronger understanding of their minds and the minds of others than scientists ever suspected. Great apes possess the “theory of mind” #intelligencehttps://www.inverse.com/article/59699-orangutans-bonobos-chimps-theory-of-mind …
Students at C E King Middle School are growing their own vegetables in the Afterschool program    #healthyeating #healthyliving
SEBA H.S Showcase yesterday I spoke to the players w/some of our Local Coaches! Tampa may not be viewed as a Basketball City but there is some major potential-we come together we definitely can impact! SCE has a plan to keep it Home Grown! High School players be ready!
The slide was such a hit she needed a hit that she needed a 2.5 hour nap. Well, so far.
You're not a rapper. Stop dreaming of being a rapper. Still queen Iggy holds the record sis
Aspartame being the big one, they're finding more proof that it causes long-term weight gain. https://globalnews.ca/news/3599359/artificial-sweeteners-are-tied-to-long-term-weight-gain-diabetes-risk-canadian-docs-say/ …
Just once, I’d like to see an episode of Mickey Mouse Clubhouse where Toodles doesn’t have the exact right tool for whatever situation Mickey and the gang find themselves in.
Haha, indeed I shall! I do use the namazu ones occasionally so the Shiba ones will like be used too!
That's like asking your family if they support you. I'm sure Bannon fixed this. The truth is 55% of the Amer. ppl support your removal and the trial hasn't started yet. You need mental health treatment. Get help. Resign.
What about all those f* communist actors from comunist China,nobody cares about them just because of money, communist China has way more influence around the world than Russia!!!
Yep. Sometimes they’re the first ones to break the law. Luv u Enchong.
them boys better be in church before the games come on thanking God they got a talent like patrick mahomes on their team
Thanks love I actually went to the river it was beautiful and peaceful let a lot go today
I hope the Democrats and Biden like what he's going to show them
I feel like robinhood would be the crypto entry point for people with less finance experience or tech sophistication...
Our dreams become impossible when it comes to going back to the past
Nobody reads these and everyone thinks theirs is the best.
Mr President, Levin 'et al' at Fox want to investigate Hunter Biden concerning his activities and involvement with the Ukrainian government. What the heck you waiting for? Also what does this have to do with the impeachment process??
Can’t believe you’re the hero and not Rudy, I was wrong.
This appears to be the plan: - leak a small amount of detail, vague enough to be misinterpreted - wait for backlash - deny it was ever like that - behind the scenes alter the plan - keep repeating until it is safe to claim a breakthrough plan with none of the scare stories
I was under the impression eating someone has been a double entendre for many decades, if not centuries
Meanwhile San Jose finished 24/24 last season on 21 points; gets new manager; improved by 23 points and with a win against Portland will be in the playoff in the tougher conference. Innovative managers can make up for talent gaps.
I guess more transparency then from their communications department or social media accounts. I mean everything you just tweeted to me explains a lot. But it’s coming from a non Arcade1Up employee on social media. Honestly they should pay you for the updates and info you provide.
Day 7: a song to drive to young the giant - superposition. feel like it’s a nice song to drive to at night
Man I had 160$at first but someone hit me and they tried to make me pay like 500$lmao so I had to switch I agree this alooootttt man still gotta pay the car note
It’s literally one of the best movies ever wtffff!!!!
I understand that youre not intentionally being rude but having been in the events industry for two decades, I can't count the number of times people have made comments that they should just be out on the streets rather than affecting their "good time". Society needs more empathy
Gym thinks President Stupid will protect him from those mean ole student athletes he chose to ignore at Ohio State (the lawsuit). Nunes thinks PS will help him win his lawsuit against Twitter McCarthy doesn't think (and doesn't know how)
[Unpaid] Casting Call for Male ASMR-tists/VAs. Need a male to play Prince Adrian. He is a vampire prince who is sadistic, narcissistic and well, a villain for the series. As of now, need for two episodes DM if interested!
Not allowing myself to enjoy the cool weather because I know it will be back up to the mid-90s on Wednesday and I can’t let myself get hurt like that again
What to do now? it's too late to prevent our collapse & the deaths of billions. Live the best life you can NOW, we have no time left to save ourselves or most living things, save what ever you can anyhow. I wish I could save "my" swallows from extinction, but I cannot.
I really wanted a Vita. But I wanted the Vita that seemed to exist in the realm of potential and never materialized. The one that lived up to how cool it could have been. If I'd just had some promise that Sony cared about it, at all, even a little, I might have bit the hook.
Hillary is 1 of the main reasons I marched. And when they used “Women’s rights are human rights” I threw a fit for not recognizing her!! I waited for years to cast my vote for HRC & I would do it all over again. She’s why I donated to the DNC monthly for 25 years.
I'll likely watch it on my way to the Netherlands Thursday. I didn't see it in theaters but I'm still curious.
The winner was predicted the moment your fellow celebrities decided to pull down another housemate.
oml it honestly feels so weird to see the original j=j members on this lists, i remember when they were first announced and they were legit babies compared to everyone..... and now here we are
Just because we all go to the circus to see the circus freaks doesn't mean we want to join it.
READ CAREFULLY: These will be open until Oct.11! I will be going to the state fair that weekend and will be putting any current commissions on hold BUT will continue them on Oct.14! I will be opened still at that time but again I won’t work on them till the October 14!!!!!
 any truth to the money issue Holmes claims to have? I feel like we waste more on pet projects than he’s asking for.
You guys just can’t accept that he won the election. Cry babies all!
You know BTS is one of the great bands that can make a chaotic dance look great.....how?
Leaders of the global humanitarian efforts of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints met Monday with the head of the United Nations World Food Programme (WFP) in Salt Lake City. WFP https://newsroom.churchofjesuschrist.org/article/church-meets-un-world-food-programme …
"I wish Jeff Flake did more to oppose Trump while he was a member of the Senate." https://thewayofimprovement.com/2019/09/30/jeff-flake-to-gop-you-cannot-go-elsewhere-for-a-soul/ … If only Flake had a blog.
Only a”cop” would be able to effectively clean up the corruptness that’s overflowing from the Executive Branch. Food for thought, mi Gente.
Happy birthday Mrs. Michalak!! I hope you have a wonderful one, thank you for the wonderful memories!!!
Check out these new training kicks from Mizuno over at Zappos. And don't forget about the free Zappos shipping!   https://www.zappos.com/mizuno-training-shoes/CK_XARC81wEYy-4BINruAVICpwTiAgUBAgMECg.zso?s=goliveRecentSalesStyle/desc/ …
Trust The Arsewipe to sniff out the really big, important stories. Congratulations Bumston.
Your mom texted me to ask if I was feeling fingery. The answer is yes.
This is exactly what I am fighting for.  you read the book but you didn’t enjoy it and that’s ok. Because Every man has the right to think and say what they believe
Thank goodness we have manufacturing in the USA now that actually makes more shirts we had to get them off from China before
 truth “why In N Out always busy? The food is trash”
Bern is going to make this page the hottest pinup ever and we’re not going to be sure how they did it but gosh darn it we will all be EMOTIONALLY MOVED
The people elect MPs as their representatives to the Sovereign Body of Parliament. Again, they are not delegates. They act on your behalf in your best interest as they see fit, not as expediters of your direct will.
Denton never has a dull moment , the locals always got something strange going
Little scumbags need to e taught some manners and respect. Remedial education is usually more difficult for the student.
The real question is do I get a second job to save up enough to go see ’s show in San Antonio??
dolphins fan page that just tweets to troll the fan base...makes sense
Matthew 5:5 KJV [5] Blessed are the meek: for they shall inherit the earth.
UNIBET REVIEW Rating: Live Streams Excellent App The Streak feature Review https://www.racingbase.com.au/reviews/unibet-com-au-review/ …
"The labour of our heroes past shall never be in vain" The journey appears very long ... nevertheless, one step at a time. Happy independence anniversary, Nigeria #Independence #anniversary
When he said aggressive for himself, I nearly screamedkdjsj like yes hun, it comes w the territory
Chop the wood to light the fire... #OverTheGardenWall #otgw Happy October!
New Book! Want to be a better paranormal Investigator? Learn the Art & Science Amazon http://amzn.to/1IrHKcz
ill b a free woman in 3 wks & then we can debrief & spill all the tea
Another very wealthy liberal lunatic. Horribly misguided. Must have some sort of guilt complex about his status? California espouses "clean air" and environmentalism, but look at the garbage strewn about what decades ago was a state with a great amount of natural beauty.
Listen to The Soca Ride (JustRide Slick) by JustRideSounds #np on #SoundCloudhttps://soundcloud.com/user-650767073/the-soca-ride-justride-slick …
Well, when he gets sick - i'm going to assume he won't be using his very good government healthcare (fun fact about the USA is that government officials have the best most accessible cheap healthcare of the USA, yet won't extend that to the people)
I’ve got #Nationals winning the #NLWildCard on TBS.
I BELIEVE IN U , ULL DO AMAZING ON THE PSATS :D !!!
Jimin was the only one who cheered for Yoongi during that game. I also want a friend like Jimin.
I organized planner for the rest of the year, got a 97% on my homework and 100% on my quiz !!!!! I’m so happy
I'm playing the gorgeous card battle & mini-garden game "Valkyrie Crusade"! Let's go on an adventure in this world together!  #Valkyrie Crusade
this is the exact kind surface level understanding of metal and “rebellion” that I’d expect from an out of touch corporate marketing shill. SLAYER NO LIKE RELIGION! SLAYER REBELLIOUS! THAT MEAN SLAYER NO LIKE LAW ENFORCEMENT!
Of course he knew. There's no way anyone will convince me that corruption at the highest levels of the FBI and DOJ could occur without his knowledge AND consent.
.  now doesn't pay out until 5 days after your event ends. Then says it can take 'up to 7 business days' to see the money. Yet I can move money across the world on the same day. Someone's getting paid, but it's not the customer.
tsumugi/rantaro bUT LEMME EXPLAIN tsumugi because it would be despairing if, even after kiibo blew up the school, she survived. imagining the terror in the survivors face.. and rantaro because.. i love him and i would like him to be the mastermind ok..
*pours decade-long drink* Seems like more folks shoulda seen THE PRINCESS AND THE FROG.
tomorrow stream will be at 1pm est for the launch of shadowkeep!! gonna be giving away a copy of shadowkeep once we hit sub goal!!!
[poll] “post four of your favorite characters from different series and see which one your followers think you're the most like” since im only known for tourabu ill do those characters only.
The Good doctor is so good. Why did I just start watching this
You sound SALTY Trump haters are pathetic man..... Still mad that Kanye doesn’t follow the typical Stereotypes like yourself. Trust me, there’s ALOT of people who love Trump and it’s mainly because of people like you. “Don’t boo, VOTE.” #RedWave2020
So I’m always saying I’ll beast the #HotOnes wings right. I get this hot sauce from  maaaannn the sauce was so hot my mouth was on fire. First hot sauce that ever made me throw up. I honestly felt like I was dying inside. #NeverAgain
I'm so glad that you have the capacity to catch it, check it, and change it. It makes all the difference in the world. Good for you!
ever heard of “shit end of the stick?” yeah that’s me
 wrote this Congress remains legitimate and constitutional. Congress had already voted on the issue of trust. There is no "factual denial" The dissolution of the Congress given by Vizcarra is NULL.
Sure. It's just an interaction that I don't find particularly valuable. Which is why I liked the critical essay that I shared.
Yeah and one of your players got distracted by the floor he said good night
I would be far more inclined to give him the benefit of the doubt if he didn’t say stuff like this before every single big match.
Yeah. I feel that sentiment. 3 grandparents between thanksgiving and Christmas. Not a cool time of the year.
I wouldn’t recommend them. We’ve had PCs at work where 2 ended up having bad Ram, 1 had its watering cooking system break, and another where they threw some Chinese power supply into that would power off of we hit 100w of the cap it said it supported.
The last sentence is a necessity! But, a replacement for each is needed but with heavy oversite!!!
Yokogawa Australia and New Zealand were there from the start at the 1987 Rugby World Cup #RWC! Good luck to the Wallabies, All Blacks and of course the hosts the Brave Blossoms! #RWC2019 #yokogawa #coinnovatingtomorrow #wallabies #…https://lnkd.in/fr2Zi3Z https://lnkd.in/fNA9Bmz
Meet the award winning yearbook advisor and teacher, Mrs. Chela Sheets. She’s been leading the program to big awards every year. Unfortunately, she will be leaving us after her ten+ years of service and dedication. Mrs. Sheets will be joining a yearbook … https://ift.tt/2muHh54
Hope anything the best! Hope the best of the best always come? #OctoberWish
1/ The prosecutor’s client in Sweden - and elsewhere - is not the alleged victim. It is the public. The prosecutor – not the woman - decides whether to proceed with a case.
FREE MY GUY D LO!! GET THIS MAN ON THE SUNS ASAP!!!
Sharp: If the Wrench was able to wrest a nation out of this abominable world, it would be a glorious day. But I do not have a way with words. My lady Ink, if you please. Ink: Oh my. I'm really not sure. Maybe Spring. Like a clock spring, and the season after a long winter.
I’ve got #Nationals winning the #NLWildCard on TBS.
1. White supremacy will settle for white mediocrity over black excellence any day of the week 2. Black men.
I selfishly want Bartschi on the #preds cause Portland and stuff :)
I just took apart my vacuum, and the inside says that the filter should be cleaned every 6 months. My mom bought it when George W. Bush was president, and I'm 100% sure this is the first time the filter's seen the light of day.
RIP Wayne Fitzgerald. Thank you for the amazing main titles/opening credits that were never boring & always awesome. Godspeed.
https://zcu.io/0KPa Significant banks may have more than one routing numbers. It is dependent upon things like the location of the account or for any other critical mission of routing number is utilized. #Check Routing Number #onlinechekwriter
More of the best memes at http://mountainmemes.tumblr.com Visit our site for the best memes on the web: http://ceesty.com/wsQDSf #memes #meme #dankmemes #funny #dankmeme #dank #mememountainboi
It’s so nice to feel like I’m “home.” Love the #lancer family. #lucky
O JC Moncrief is on the field doing warm ups. I am DONE!
Ok I’m logging off this and insta for the week I think but before I go I want to say happiest of birthdays to my gal  HAVE THE BEST DAY u deserve it sm I love you lots and lotsAndy loves you!!
im not like the other girls.... i don't worry at all about the things they do or say, i love you anyway you can twerk while in a split, you racking up them tips, your body rock and your booty poppin im proud to call you my bitch
I keep seeing middle aged, republican congressmen on television. Screeching and whining. Spouting gibberish and carrying on. So over-emotional. Maybe they're not cut out for the job. At the same time  is the cool sword of justice CONSISTENTLY. #Womeninpolitics
All of the Folgers driver suits were badass! Richmond and Schrader’s suits looked clean too!
What's the matter? What happened to you? Answer me!
Of course, there’s no guarantee the current team Mgmt does anything useful with those gained picks.
Check it out! I donated to 'Bless the Stanleys' - http://gf.me/u/vqx5h2 via
so, I like that FSMW is airing these games, but I watched them on mute with Kerbs & Vitale calling the plays. SO much easier to listen to.
Is anyone else having issues with the #BritishGas Smart Meters/App? My app won't let me top up my energy or log in, and my gas data doesn't seem to be displaying on the meter. I have checked them all and they seem to be running 'normally'.
Wanted to thank all my followers for the flowers sent to my home in Rochester. But, unnecessary. Reports of my demise have been exaggerated. Just a slight cold. Back to bridge with the boys at the CC of Rochester tomorrow.
Anybody want some cereal only 4 left $10 a box u pay shipping... I prefer to do 1 of each size to keep even please RT if not I'll just put these on Ebay like the others
Have you voted today? Go check the link. Lou Yanong vs Kisses Delavin http://www.starmometer.com/2019/09/29/100mostbeautifulwomenph2019-battle-rounds-lou-yanong-vs-kisses-delavin/ …
Translation : I am at the airport security checkpoint and a  agent asked me to take off my jacket. I questioned his  authority and proclaimed, “I am only wearing a bra under this jacket!”  confirms that I have to remove my jacket.
That’s damn right. It’s like walking thur a thunderstorm it’s bad at first but then soon you are on the other side and it is beautiful
Yeah, the dispensaries out here are pretty awesome but we’re definitely paying more now than before.
[BILLBOARD]  ocupa otra vez el Top 4 del chart #WorldAlbums esta semana con: 1. Map of the Soul: PERSONA 2. Love Yourself 轉 'Tear’ 3. BTS World Soundtrack 4. Love Yourself 結 'Answer’ #TheGroup #BTS #PCAs
Easily this. The displacement of matter is greater with 4 limbs than 2
Well the bonus is, at least you don't have to work that long to warent a stop at a street side grille.
…And I feel as though I am waiting for something new and strange which will burn the unburnt side of my soul. — Kahlil Gibran,in a letter to Mary Haskell,from Beloved Prophet:The Love Letters of Kahlil Gibran and Mary Haskell,and her private journal.
You should get this one home Charles. Good luck the rest of the way.
Same! He truly was the reason I got back into wrestling. I want to believe that he will be back but I just don’t know.
Feeling the new set and pyro is back this is gonna be a good go-home show tonight #RAW
A musical oasis of calm and stability (ok, illusory perhaps, but I'll grab onto that anyway - I like my illusions) in what, at the moment, is a very turbulent world.  - this is the music I was telling you about the other night :) #Radio4
#Coffee deserves respect and #you deserve coffee. That's world-class-drink! Still, zeal to make reform in the field... And before all, let me wish you all auspicious "International Coffee Day 2019". A day to celebrate what makes Indian coffee so unique. Love you all... #bks
 #Gears5 Just finished Gears 5. Loved the campaign mode. So much fun. Can't wait for number 6. Now that I'm done the campaign I am finally gonna tackle online play. Wish me luck!
“Explaining her delegation’s abstention, the representative of the United States said it had been a long-standing position of her country that settlements undermined Israel’s security and eroded prospects for peace and stability.” #EndTheOccupation
I will say this, Not hearing Cole scream "Monday Night Raw" as the pyros go off That's gonna sting a lil #RAW
I'm 21 now, welcome legal age! My goals so far are to graduate in the period of 3,5 years (in February) and to meet Kyuhyun-being in the front row of SS8 Jakarta. Wish me luck!
I’ve got #Nationals winning the #NLWildCard on TBS.
Perkawinan silang Vixx Shangri-La & BTS Idol, I think this one my favourite rave party song. The song slowly build up, an it factor for me to loving the song.
BS, lets start with Birther movement and drag the country down from there. IT'S YOUR OWN MOUTH that gets you screwed and now we love it..
Will Super Beets add her along with Dana as a spokesperson in their TV ads? Nothing says Super Beets like the NRA and domestic abuse.
Guest Blogging Is a Good Idea To Build Your Business - even if you are new to the game and don't know other bloggers http://sumo.ly/iMeZ
I stacked I Am God x Bloodlust, and it got the pump on dummy mode.
Would a cyber playbook reduce risk? http://bit.ly/2n5n6em A House bill proposes the Department of Homeland Security open its stores of technical
Thank you Rehana for the mention specially on my birthday
the more you tweet, the less i value your opinion You still have zero experiential knowledge, wisdom, of what you speak You use words of which you lack basic comprehension Your whole religion is a tool of racism used to make Black ppl forgive the unforgivable
To be fair Reese did say the women in his time were good fighters.
Need to do rehab or just want a new way to exercise try the Cubii - Get fit while you sit!  ://www.michigansavingandmore.com/cubii/
I could be argued he was helping cool him off. Just saying. 30 seconds before the doctor was pouring water on his head.
I was looking at a checkpoint and finish tour so the stay is in Nome but they take you to the last two or three checkpoints in a hopefully sound plane.
I think it was the best anime in the season too. Definitely worth watching Lovable characters and great story. I was surprised and can't get enough. I didn't finish Sket Dance, but this makes me want to watch it again
He doesn't seem to grasp the fact that we can read the notes that his people released and what thw whistle blower said match up. The call was not "perfect" unless he means how perfectly easy it is to see his crimes!
Lol... You're kidding me... Ja Rae was the best song in that Album and you know... So what are you saying.?.. The only thing Wizkid has now is influence... That's his edge... Imagine this song was sang by Fireboy or Oxlade... Lmao, we won't even hear it at all.
Congratulations to the RIT students responsible for creating Gristmill! RIT student video game wins Best in Show at Boston Festival of Indie Games https://www.rit.edu/news/rit-student-video-game-wins-best-show-boston-festival-indie-games … via  #RIT
Good Conversations With The Bestie She Knows Me Best
It feels like the world falling for us all of sudden
Please share this !!! Please let the actual truth be known!!!! https://youtu.be/oUCaOOfYA08
  It has already passed more than 5 days, how much time needed, clearly indicates u uber management are also involving in the cheating & support chor & gunda driver kishan
I love you iggy u so funny & I'm proud of all the hard work you've been doing
Did the president of the United States seriously just post a Brietbart article as a relevant source? This must be what going crazy feels like.
WBU Wrestling would like to introduce freshman Rhett Womack from Arkadelphia, AR. Womack is a 2X Arkansas National Team Member, 3X state finalist, 1X state champion and a marathon and triathlon finisher. Womack will be wrestling in the 141 weight class. #hhs #herohair
I voted on #TeamVampireDiaries via —’The Vampire Diaries’ is my fave CW horror-fantasy show http://tylt.it/D1giWk
If I had the choice between going out with a super model or watching the Jazz right now, I’d definitely go with the Jazz. I’m dying for the season to start. #UtahJazz
If she likes you , yeah i guess And am paying the first date bill Go gurl
For friends of  ‘The Spread’, a #MNF bonus... I think Cincinnati is great value at $2.50 in the clash of the 0-3 teams as well as Dalton +7.5 rush yards ($2.07) and Mixon +18.5 rec. yards ($1.88) As always, PLEASE #gambleresponsibly
This hurts so bad, I know it’s a joke but the urge to correct everything about this is so strong.
So, consensual sex with another adult is more serious than using the presidency to attack political opponents, providing national security info to foreign governments, and using the presidency for personal profit? Typical GOP thinking.
Cerebrate! You must protect the Chrysalis at all costs! Streaming Starcraft Remastered on my Twitch at https://www.twitch.tv/Zergmuncher09
's Madison Burick dribbles down the right side. Her cross goes in the middle toward Samantha Stern, but a ' defender was able to get a foot on it. 0-0, 3 minutes into the 2nd half. #RCNow
I hope Miami gets the next Marino with with Steelers pick
"Protectionism became scorned, and the US took a more active role in global affairs, much to the chagrin of the isolationists. After the successful US-led deposal of Bashar Al-Assad, Tulsi Gabbard left the Democratic party and retired from politics altogether."
How about the Lindsey Graham legal standard that he proposed back in the 90s? Would that work?
Biggest Sale of the Year. GET YOUR HERE: https://rebrand.ly/de76c #gift for your family members FREE Worldwide shipping
Surely DJing would lead to the strobe light on the hill.
If you are honest with yourself, make a decent. It’s no longer about Trump, but saving the soul of the country, constitution and the rule of law. https://youtu.be/vXUWHk7sqe0
A fan made animatic I’ve been working on for a month now! It’s a reverse storyboard from the “Let’s Misbehave” clip from #HazbinHotel . Thank you in advance for watching, I worked very hard on it!
PM Abe is one of the most knowledgeable MP among Japan parliament whole pension ordeals are utter frivolous payoku political stunt. Japan media is dictated by korean interest & anti-Japan Japan doesn't have EU type of stringent powerful media watchdog which penalize fake news
Just realized I’m legit a walking PINK/Victoria Secret advertisement lmao I legit have on the hoodie, leggings, sandals, and bra/panties lmaooo
Proud of the support Bridgeport offers their students!
no probs. they're from the 2019.01.04 Tame Tabi New Year Special
Only a couple positions left to go. Continuing the theme with the top 100 first basemen of all time. https://meisgeier.blog/2019/09/30/the-top-100-first-basemen/ …
Even though our fuzziest monster has feelings about Jeopardy, he has also gained a fan club with the little girls living at the local public housing because he like them likes rolling down the grassy hill
Fun fact: Nudibranchs have beautiful colors. The reason, therefore, is that nudibranchs eat colorful food like corals, sponges, anemones, and even other nudibranchs. Meet those colorful creatures while diving in La Jolla. Book your SCUBA tour at http://tridentdiver.com/shop/
These guys are the Bulldog Legal Team! They will get us out of a jam in a jiffy!
The Best Plot Twists in Movie History http://twentytwowords.com/best-plot-twists-movie-history/6/?utm_source=deck&utm_medium=cpc&utm_term=influencer&utm_campaign=DM367 … #cryptonite
“I can’t imagine a man really enjoying a book and reading it only once.” – C.S. Lewis – The Editors
Did people like the movie Gloria Bell? It made me feel so depressed by the end. Maybe it was just me. Great actors, but left me in the cold.
So a booster can go in for the university of _i_n_s_e_r_t__n_a_m_e_ can buy $200,000 dollars worth of Abe Peña gear...makes sense
Dancing in Chicago, down in New Orleans, all we need is music, sweet music, music everywhere.....Dancing in the Streets
#motivation #motivationaltips #motivationforlife #MotivationalTalk Being honest may not get you a lot of FRIENDS but it'll always get you the RIGHT ONES.
Pretty lit stream today BOIIIS!!! THE LEGEND  FOLLOWED ME TOOO HOLYYY http://Twitch.tv/nail_d #krunker #streamer #twitch #FaZeUp
do not live in reaction to other people; live in response to the genius impressed in your heart
And if that happens, then the Reds are probably spending less than all the big markets again and all the players are making more, right? Or does that narrow the margins from bottom to top spenders?
No. I would have simply concluded, it’s just this one person. I met one #ADOS person amongst a throng of #ADOS Twitter disciples, who I wished them success. The person was passionate, bright, and intuitive. The rest, have been bombastic, foul mouthed, and devoid of direction.
 although I wasn't in the audience section  night's performance in MA  Big E, I could still hear & barely see where I was standing grew up listening to your music, as time went on, I forgot, just wanted 2 say what an amazing show & Thank You
  I found this online at hot topic and had to share because I only began watching Steven Universe because y’all continued to talk about it on The Read. Now, it’s my favorite :)
Enjoying the great outdoors...  Lake Reservation https://www.instagram.com/p/B3DfoNRgPF-/?igshid=1iiwo41fiuti9 …
The Force is strong on their ships. But not, it would seem with the Grysk themselves. It is as though, someone else is at play here.
I hope eventually they just drop the 1st and 2nd Wild Card labels and just call it game 163. Its not a post season game. The stats count and the winner is the Wild Card. Don't wanna play in it? Well win your damn division then.
yasss love that for u, and the pics said bangtantv so hopefully it’s on youtube and for free :]
Hi Thibault Family, I miss Hannah she was such a joy to teach. Please tell her I say hi! Hope the year is off to a great start
Let them have student loan debt for 6 months and they will appreciate the education that is being given to them
Cleaned my sponges and brushes with the zote soap as recommended by  and let me tell you THEYRE SO MF CLEAN AND IT TOOK LIKE 15 MINS TO CLEAN THEM ALL
it took me one listen to know it's one of the best
The beautiful #Bahai #HouseofWorship in #Sydney #Australia by  #Bahaifaith
Ha! Think #980 was hoping for food—and squawked with annoyance (and bolted away) a few times during the grooming session! Mom: “Look here, kiddo, I haven’t been able to lay a beak on you in two weeks, you NEED nit-picking!”
Quincy City Council agenda looking pretty light this evening. Agenda includes two reports from Quincy Plan Commission, one resolution from the Aeronautics Committee and the second presentation of an ordinance annexing property into the city limits.
's great idea ! - Two borders - Covering 499 kilometres (310 mi) - With 300 major and minor crossings - Multiplied by two 600 checking points x 3 shifts x 2 staff x 25k pa = £90m Wouldn't it be easier to have ONE CROSSING POINT in the middle of the Irish Sea ???
Hmmm. Let’s see. What would Putin’s biggest birthday wish be? Oh, the destruction of trust between the five eyes partners? Who wins in all of this? Putin!
It’s hanging over the mantle at my parents’ cabin and hasn’t been used for 25 years but sure
Wonder who will lead off the show. Would imagine Brock/Seth/Alexa vs. Sasha are your hour leads, it's just a matter of finding out which goes where. MizTV is probably your MNF halftime spot
I have to constantly remind myself that my baby girl is only 8 years old. It seems like she has been here before (old folks term). The kids gave me cards and gifts that they picked out themselves. I know that my...
Thank you Bret . I have at times criticized you based on your panel and lack of push back. I continue to watch for days like this. As witnessed what is going on with the media and bias . Do you feel trust in the media will be restored? If so how long do you think it will take
Where IS Hunter? Is he being protected by the authorities?
Well the San Diego zoo is on one of the better ones. He is clearly not specifically talking about the San Diego zoo. YOU clearly understood what he was saying. There's no need to result to playground insults.
it all makes sense now. im so glad i attended the prequel to find out.
This makes me so sad. Your value comes from within, not the callous judgement of others. Focus on the search for finding someone that fits with you. Don't worry about what they do after your relationship is over.
Previously on the That\'s The Spot Blog Anal Play http://rviv.ly/GAop1i
thats the norm lol but do YOU REALLY EAT MAC AND CHEESE WITH A SPOON
So basically most of my time was just making sure people had water That was my first concern all the time Especially with younger folks that just don't have experience working for hours in the sweltering summer/fall sun
I ordered  So Jaded palette. It’s the only thing giving me hope for the next couple days until it arrives.
Seeking Help https://ormonddivadt.blogspot.com/2019/10/seeking-help.html … Today I was learning how to seek help if i was getting bulled online I enjoyed changing the colour of the shapes I found it challenging to doing all the writing My digital learning object shows seeking he...
Yeah that’s most of them, but I believe that those are two respective phases of their lives depending on what they choose. In a way I feel like getting to whatever league they aim is part of the reward for all that hard work they put in
Look what just hopped into Rabbit Food Grocery! The  holiday roasts are a customer favorite, and they sell out early every year. Come visit soon! All Vegan, All the Time! Open daily from 10-8pm at 2425A Exposition Blvd Austin TX. Aloha, Y'all! #vegan…
My Twitter brand is always the best thing to ever see so far
Why are we back to forcing us to show our membership at the door ? You cant checkout without it, so who cares!
imo the  need to treat impeachments for Barr and Pompeo as trial runs for a Trump impeachment. they can provide the Ukraine-only quick impeachment that Dems are looking for, and this will give Dems time to investigate the myriad of impeachable offenses from Trump.
Not every single day of the year lol. Every time I send money they have to go everyday until they run out of $500 USDs to deposit lol if they make a lumpsup deposit or transfer the bank will charge me 2%
It’s about the $$aswell. Canucks can’t eat 4.5ish million dollars with a 6mil player in the minors. Makes no sense. Also how can you shop a guy in the minors to an nhl team. You can’t. If you wanna get rid of him, gotta play him.
okay about the cb, I kinda understand why they haven’t said anything..I think it’s bc they weren’t able to film or have photoshoots bc of the eye patches...and I think they’re just in the middle of that..or they probably decided to change something
Ive already seen gamer dudes do it with baofu especially several years back before the tumblr era LOL they were all like "like a baws XD"
Judges save the day again! Two huge rulings stop Trump's anti-immigrant steamroller—for now https://www.dailykos.com/story/2019/9/28/1888619/-Judges-save-the-day-again-Two-huge-rulings-stop-Trump-s-anti-immigrant-steamroller-for-now …
They're soooooo good. The chocolate and caramel taste is totally different than Canada. I'm. Shook
“....due to rising real estate values...”. Their costs are not going up as much as the value of the land they’re sitting on. Sell out and walk away
the slappie tappie noise of link running with the running boots lms if u agree
i can’t see as well when im driving in the dark anymore. i feel like a blind bat
Oh no the 98 game I was hoping nobody was going to bring that game up. That was the first game my oldest son watched with me and my dad, he has been a Buckeye fan ever since. Go Bucks!
After what I witnessed yesterday... I'm definitely not taking the #Stealers. Nobody knows shit. The safe play is the UN 43.5.
My husband and I are celebrating our 26th anniversary tomorrow. I pray that you will find happiness in each other with daily contentment. If you both focus on giving to the other one and not on the receiving #BlissfulMarriage
Bro, Blackstreet probably has one of the best music collections I’ve ever heard
PM: Myanmar should comply with agreements over #Rohingya repatriation Over 1.1 million refugees now living in refugee camps in #CoxsBazar PM #SheikhHasina has called upon #Myanmar to take action to ensure the #Rohingya's return, safety & security. Read:https://www.dhakatribune.com/bangladesh/rohingya-crisis/2019/09/30/pm-tells-wsj-myanmar-should-comply-with-agreements-over-rohingya-repatriation …
Well, at the least I got two more levels closer to capping Gunbreaker. Three more levels and I'll be capped on all tanks, and I can go back to being irresponsible DPS \o/
So essentially it’s the camera that makes this phone better.
It is the fireworks show at Epcot - today is the last performance before they start a new one but this one has been there for so long and it’s my favorite so it’s hard to say goodbye
You sure as heck haven't understood the Bible cover to cover. #BeBest
early levels have mostly bots in lobby so you don’t quit the game.. when you’re around like idk level 15 you’ll start facing more real players
“Believe in God like The sun in the sky Science can tell us how But they can't tell us why” - J.Cole ♫
Happy new month my darlings, may the blessings that didn’t reach you these last 9 months reach you this month. May all your heart desires be granted. May all your wishes come true. May you be blessed in many ways. May everything you touch bring you joy and happiness. October.
For greater is He that is in me than He that is in the world. ...Thank you....
Yes, I feel sorry for the girls at this school that didn’t have a chance
My lil brother’s ig is the cutest thing ever lmao. he real live reminds me of me
If you hate American support the new Democrate party. #WalkAway #WalkAwayFromDemocratsForever
Thank you for the laugh I got out of this reply. Genius.
SAME. And at least TRYING to make a difference and use her voice. She could easily just not give a fuck but that’s not the case. People think they don’t count or contribute to it all just bc they’re working class and expect the “rich” to solve all the worlds problems.
I didn’t understand two words of the caption, but the video is quite awesome!
First we had Billy Joe Saunders doing his level best to convince us how delighted he is to be defending his world super-middleweight title on the undercard of a YouTube circus act in America. http://dld.bz/hJMMN
The call was legitimate and not illegal. However they are most definitely uncovering illegal activity by the left and they will be prosecuted. Now STFU.
CSCHS Varsity Volleyball wins the 3rd set 25-5 and wins the match! Great job Cardinals!
It has truly been a pleasure. To be accused of ignorance is fine, but selfishness?? I think not. And, I the ignorant have not jumped to any conclusions of you as a person based on a few replies. But good to know that you are not beyond assuming. Be well..
The receivers of famous Bay of Plenty pie brand Maketu Pies hope the company will be sold next week. https://www.rnz.co.nz/news/business/400034/maketu-pies-receivers-hoping-to-sell-next-week …
Given the CCP fears of anything that is remotely close to a pseudo/“Glasnost & Perestroika” I wonder how truly open the Chinese economy can become? The days of Mr. Rong Yiren and Mr. Deng Xiaoping have seemingly long passed.
I can relate. Someone just downloaded as many of my songs yesterday as much as the label did all quarter. LOL.
As dramatic as that would be (and I’d love to see that too) it’s much more likely that fines will be levied, and they should be substantial.  has one out, the 5th amendment.
I laugh when Nigerians talk about lyrical contentsoapy is a huge lyrical content same as Puta Abeg if y’all Dey dance and vibe to soapy & puta yall have no justification to write any Wizkid song as trash if you no like am mute the song #Wizkidfc #BBNaija
my music taste is the only thing of me that im proud of ,,
I mean, I wasn't even aware I was trans prior to 2016 but the thing that prevented me from coming out as a trans woman after coming out as genderfluid was thinking my family would disown me for transitioning
Nah y’all been stunned how I talk on here! Bro I know my limits & boundaries! I never crossed the line that I’ll regret! I’m just fun, serious, responsible, & real down to Earth!
I’m such a giggler and sometimes I wish I wasn’t lmao everything does not need a laugh at the end
Hubris. And the ability to forget that Mitchell did time.
Nobody in the grand Marc lot can park for shot lmao damn!!
This is not the answer to any problem. Amazed people can have this thought.
another rant yeah!!! so i got a 9 on my literature test and i studied SO MUCH i legit thought i would get a 10 but yeah thats life i taught the subject to my friend 10 minutes before class and he got the same grade and got COMPLIMENTS BY THE TEACHER and now i feel like doo doo
Dallas defense shut y’all down. Only the kicker scored. So.....
#BREAKING 2-hour standstill traffic on I-10 eastbound due to semi rollover. Careful on the highway, folks  #TrafficAlert #news #California #animalcontrol called for caged cats & birds
I rarely am interested in face offs. I am just wanting for the battle...I'm cool on most all the other stuff.
They say my tickets will be sent out in an email 48 hours before Rocketman live at the Greek. As far as I'm concerned thats cutting it to damn close. I want them in my hand NOW!!!!
Found the best government domain name: https://moneyfactory.gov
Good selection! Wendy’s fries are the best! Wendy’s spicy nuggets with ranch that’s a good combo! Mike and Ike and resses pieces yum!!!
Thankful for all the amazing friends I have by my side
 did the update that just went out address the "Party Sync is busy" issue? was trying to help a friend level.
bruh vote for the 2nd best taps partner out there  (i’m 1st obviously)
Let me explain Snowflake. The Obama administration spied on Trump. They did everything they could to prevent him from being el cited. When that didn’t work they tried to take him out by coup
Someone pleaaase bring back def jam it was the supreme fighting game
'I have so many questions' 'I know. But I think I'll be able to answer them all in one hit if you're up for a walk? We can still have dinner after?' The hospital is barely a 10 minute walk from here, it's why she talked him into letting her pick the restaurant. 'Uh, ok. Sure'
I think our universities should make it clear that money can't buy our values. The values of academic freedom, credibility and integrity. We need funding for sure. But penetration NO. Giving up of our values NO. God bless Australia !
I know the season isn’t over, but is the finger not on the panic button? #skol
September was a nightmare out here, we thank God all the same. But good riddance
i'm listening to cindy drag va slang with her atl friends on the phone bye
Well why did u comment on the post in the first place? They said it as a joke. And you commenting that they shouldn't post p0rn is basically trying to change their minds so u should've just replied once and stop bc this isn't going anywhere. Bye
Apprentice mages Lysithea and Annette are all "wow you're so strong!" Mercedes: Thanks! It's the ghost in me! Them: ...WHAT.
Finally some people in this thread who actually understand the fucking problem. Redistribution of wealth won’t solve anything, saying I’m too poor to help won’t solve anything. Making small changes and supporting institutions that are making bigger changes will.
The way people defend rich people like they themselves are rich will forever be the most idiotic thing to me.
That was a real question, I was under the impression they did. However, personally the only thing I ever seen as an issue was making our shaders finite where they were unlimited in D1.
This poll is by a guy followed almost exclusively by the left wing. Big surprise.
more like see you the next day jsjjsj your oomfie is babie and has to sleep early <3
Justice for Aldo-Martin, dog fired at point-blank range in the skull! Plz sign: http://ow.ly/QOZQ30hZ6bN
Are the Mets going to pay Zack Wheeler, Noah Syndergaard, Steven Matz or Michael Conforto once they hit FA? Not SHOULD they (only one that they should is Wheeler), but will they, yes or no? Do they have their replacements on the way?
For all Twitter residents who decided to follow me, thank you. I hope I add a little bit to the conversation. I am a lawyer and not generally in the media. My law practice mirrors what I say here. I am not on TV but I helped raise powerful women. That is my legacy. I help folks.
Omar is my plug so I upgrade generally every new iphone drop. I literally just told him to upgrade me lmao so rn i have the X
It’s not even about the power, but about the respect of the fans. Take Thai blinks for instance. They go crazy when Lisa or BlackPink in general go to Thailand, but they never invade their personal space.
Funny how no one is talking about the bank bail out happening right now.
Im one of the 100 Cosmos Validators actives in this world. Im really proud of that. $ATOM #Cosmos $Crypto
this doesn’t even feel like that long ago lol wow damn i guess i’ve been in the clique longer than i thought
HEARDEE HEARDEE IMPEACHMENT CELEBRATION IS ON TOP OF THE UNITED STATES LIST  its the DISCLOSURE OF URGENT CONCERN FORM  CHECK A BOX EXTORTION HEARSAY TRUMP TOWER MOSCOW TRUMP JR. MEETING VELSELNITSKY  IT's all RIGHT THERE
It is now #2days until #AEWDynamite and no #TeamChairman graphic for  #really? The trucks carrying the gear seem to be getting more respect
The good news for BYU is that TJ Haws will be back soon after undergoing minor knee surgery while coach Mark Pope is hopeful that Zac Seljaas (foot) will be back for the season-opener.
Three Houses/Dragon Age Crossover where Mercedes is a Circle Mage, very pious but is fuzzy on some of the finer points. She's a powerful healer and gets knowingly possessed by a Spirit from the Fade and it's just no big deal for her she keeps doing her thing but better now.
Be careful of laughing at other people's misguidance. One day it could be us. Allah is the One who guides and we are in debt of His favour upon us and the knowledge granted to us. May Allah guide us all. Ameen
If y’all would’ve just given mans the candy.. LOL I’m hurt
Hey Than. This is Sal from Wendy’s at terminal C. The lettering was taken down. Please DM me for a meal on us.
Feeling ko ung jowa ko naging nanay ko at the same time.
They’ve won/shared the BigTen title 8 of the last 13 years. Won a natty. Been to the CFP multiple times. To say the’ve underachieved is completely false. The only ones who give a sh!t about the “rivalry” as a metric for the season are UM fans. Smart move for  to delete
This is one of the many awesome things my generation is doing:  Please retweet. Also, we would love to have you assist us in any way possible. Thanks
It's Monday my friends. Looking for FABULOUS Authors? Check this one out.... Rebecca Scarberry has been officially inducted into “The Hall of Fabulous Authors™” https://www.eprintedbooks.com/THOFA/
People that want to pretzel the meanings of words on multiple levels are called 'liars'.
 is proud to announce the opening of 10 new restaurants throughout #Mexico, commencing with  which is set to open in late 2020 in the heart of #MexicoCity.
It's weird.... I won't prostitute my preferences or my morals. I do what I'd do anyway. Just not always WHO I'd do anyway. But that has limits too. In the end, I have to be proud of the job I do. Which is why I won't do most dayjobs. Hmm. Maybe not so weird?
The Art Of Blade Runner : Original Matte Paintings and Sketches http://disq.us/t/32tqmxj
Enjoy the trip, and let me know if you find any interesting Jewish stuff going on. I'd love to go back sometime. Shanah tovah!
Told this nigga to tell me how the party he’s at is going and he keeps sending me voice messages on insta LMFAOOO. IS IT CRACK???
Yeah, it's everyone. Only happens when replying to yourself in a thread you started, and where you've mentioned people. The glitch was introduced several months ago and Twitter knows and won't fix it or acknowledge it.
True that. Mu question is: do u think that he is the right man for the club?
Times of Middle East: Toronto is now the world’s second most overvalued assets market p https://timesofmiddleeast.com/toronto-is-now-the-worlds-second-most-overvalued-assets-market-place-ubs/ …
Is he afraid he may like the show? What do you think?
it’s way too early for the Fit God to grace us with his presence but here we are
Just published an hour ago! The headlines are getting better every day https://www.usatoday.com/story/opinion/2019/09/30/2020-andrew-yang-ubi-social-security-21st-century-editorials-debates/3825384002/ …
Dude was on Dr. Phil and it was god tier cringe. Now this? Not unexpected though, I must say.
If you can’t be honest about it, then don’t fucking do it. Period. Where’s the integrity?
Why did I think grinding like in the club and not grinding like working
I always do a serious grocery trip too! Bringing home a nice haul of regional foods is my favorite way to extend the travel experience!
Obama did it. Lol. And separating them, 30% of the time, saves them from their kidnappers. 70% of the time they're returned swiftly. TIME lie of the century!
Hey, Wendi. We regret to hear your frustrations with your Cruze. Our team would like the opportunity to learn more about your situation. Please send us a DM with your VIN, current mileage and details regarding your engine replacement. Privacy Policy: http://s.gm.com/c2m6x
Good to know another book ( knowledge) lover .... I may be doing the same before Diwali. Can I have the same privilege from my favourite actress.
Haha I should be getting blocked here soon for saying the same thing.
On the way home from a lovely weekend HWY 99 near Galt, CA.
I just finished re-reading the alchemist and I must say the ending is by far my favorite part. It all clicks
#One in three young people is lonely, but the solution isn't as simple as making friends - https://primenews.com.au/one-in-three-young-people-is-lonely-but-the-solution-isnt-as-simple-as-making-friends/ …
Finally able to apply for the general sales lottery for the Twice concert. I hope I win!
want to and have to are meaningless. Trump is their puppeteer and he is using the strings to make them dance. funniest thing, is they do not seem to realize it.
They would. If they’re on a flyer or advertising for the game they’d get paid. It’s not that they wouldn’t make money, it’s that they aren’t even aloud to try to make money. Scholarship aren’t free.
This is not only our duty and an obligation for all future Macedonian governments after the fall of the current foreign installed Junta. It is also an obligation of the international community to respect the democratic decisions by the Macedonians.
To me, photography is an art of observation. It's about finding something interesting in an ordinary place. . . I've found it has little to do with the things you see and everything to do with the way you see them. - Elliott Erwin . -  D750 -Monticello, AR -9/30/19
I know I could get $200 for the ticket then I would be closer to fixing my car.... But then I think I never get to do anything or go any where any more 15 years ago my life was much different and was able to enjoy life more bc we were better off financially then so much changed
The money was reallocated to rejuvenate the Kisumu port. That is a viable project with value in returns.
Loved the pieces on China (it’s a Black Mirror episode ) and Ben Platt ()
This is the way its supposed to be. What sounds better?? 1 size federal fits zero people? Or 50 different states competing for best healthcare ideas that are actually affordable? I'll take 50 over 1 any day
Where’s the police?where is the Congressman of this district? Where’s the Senators of this state? Where’s the Governor of this State! I would send in the national guard! These people would wish they were never born! Their street! They never paiad a tax dollar, the old people did
Everyone in Israel, regardless of race or religion can vote and stand in national elections, become a member of the Knesset, the government and the cabinet (Israel had an Arab president in 2007). Sit as a judge in the Supreme Court. Join the IDF. How does this resemble apartheid?
a meta era 3M até amanhã, a gente conseguiu hoje, the show por favor arrume a merda que tu fez
#StrangerThings4 hopefully it'll be centred around the byers' DAMN I'M SO EXCITED
Its the same pic lol No im kidding. Glad you're safely home
It is a great place to watch a game. The UT game there in 2010 was a 3:30 kickoff, unfortunately.
Monday nights are made for donating - thx to the ladies at  for squeezing me in! #16 #donateblood #itsinyoutogive
This Wednesday October 2nd, you can see us at the Home Smith Bar at the Old Mill Toronto! We’ll be there from 7:30-10:30pm with the wonderful Joel Visentin on #piano. Hope to see you there! #sing #jazz #music #toronto
After returning home from a lwalk with some friends here in the community l made some #CedarTea!! Cedar is one of our sacred medicines. My first autumn nourishing cup which I am lovingly enjoying sitting by the !! Migwetch Grandmothers!!
Id love to see this scene similar to this with Khârn weilding mjolnir. The problem arises when you have these grimdark 40k characters interacting with these fairly light hearted marvel characters.
We’ve done it before and it was actually pretty cool. It’s kind of eerie in that the crowd is tougher to see, but you can still hear them.
The venue will be packed with a huge overflow crowd. It doesn't matter that you got 2 tickets, it's first come first serve in line.
Refresh my memory: wasn't it #MoscowMitch who said that the entire Republican program beginning in 2008 was making sure Obama was a single-term president?
“It was suppose to be an influencer for motivation but... it didn’t turn out like he thought,” He chuckled nervously. “That’s the most apologetic I’ve seen him so I’m pretty sure he did.”
We'll meet them 75 percent of the way and hire more teachers And better pensions
Looks like Adele has decided to take a dip in the chocolate fountain among her split for her former husband. Adele has reportedly enjoyed a string of dates with British rapper Skepta. The ‘Hello’ singer split from…
I’m surprised they’ve let the gorilla position part be seen
One tap in the face and these cowards would scatter like cockroaches in sudden light.
About and hour incl warm up and cool down. Average heart rate 158. Max HR 184. About 4 miles, and the equivalent of 60 flights of stairs. Nice and cool, but a bit slippery.
It’s like that in the South too. They got more pull than the smaller girls.
That’s the biggest problem right there,  do not have quality candidates, they don’t support them, nobody knows who they are most of the time, if they deem the electorate unwinnable, those Labor supporters don’t matter. Kennedy is a good example.
Definitely political self interest-because it's not that pesky oath of office or the duty to their constituents or sense of responsibility or even shame...it definitely comes down to how it affects them. Remarkable that racism and kids in cages didn't do it - but not surprising
Maybe what most of can realistically do to help the environment and fight climate change is to vote for Democrats.
Finally getting some surgery done for my collarbone. Sucks that I won’t be able to continue the rest of this football season but I’ll be back on my feet and ready to go next year! #VGOH
I truly feel the most beautiful when I’m in the gym lifting weights... there’s nothing more empowering than feeling the progression of your own strength and discipline. Plus those endorphins>>>
3 years ago, I would have thought that the only treat in this picture was my Starbucks. Now, I think the treat is IB. Don't get me wrong... Statbucks is still my boyfriend
Like maybe using the NSA to spy on Many Americans such as Chief justice Roberts or possibly every Republican primary candidate or unmasking hundreds of Americans by Susan Browner.. like that?
Drexler's DAP & Hugenberg's DVNP were both de facto successors to the German Fatherland Party & Hugenberg was a co-founder of the "Nationalist" Pan-Germanic league.
it’s like if Kermit the Frog tried to hype you up, I just can’t stop laughing at everything this man says
The payola kicked in omg. They finally cut that check. Congrats
❝Nice to meet ya Miss Danielle, you know I gotta say. I ain't seen a lot of these ingredients out in the good old west, where they come from?❞ Upon asking that question, he would place a cigarette between his lips before extending the pack to her.
How do I say I'm in a bad mental state without being the guy who is fishing for compliments? Life sucks right now and I don't know how to express it.... Sorry... I hope you all are doing well.
Honestly guys what was ep 79.. it was going so good then it wasn't and now the only advantage they have is that its going to take oban just one more day to have the full team. Gods I hope this new villain isn't much more powerful then the laughing hand.. and yasha.. oh yasha..
Lol yes they are masterminds I totally see that - AOC, Hilary, ihman, Bernie and the rest of them are geniuses yes very good lol
It's her best album. And she probably pioneered the tumblr aesthetic along with the likes of AM, 1975, the neighbourhood
Getting my house organized. I have a bunch of stuff to donate and hopefully will be done at the latest on Wednesday. #goals #bloomgirl
best month of the year just arrived anyway. #goodnight
I don't wanna say it, but I'll say it....  DROP THE ALBUM! I'M TRYING TO PRAISE JESUS!
You hit the they expect way more then what they should I wish it wasn't like this for us if I could change em I would
For the life of me I don't understand why this isn't today's top story. Mitch lied, he knows full well how to block the House's impeachment, and today he decided he isn't going to lift a finger to help Trump! Good. Good. Good.
I passed my friend in the weekly competition on 8 Ball Pool! https://8bp.co/JKR1DV
it's really not. It's how language works. An invite is an invite and a component of that is expressing your desire for someone to participate. "Come if you want" is redundant and removes any expressed desire from the asker.
Never stops giving #Nigeria... oh the strong women I miss.... They must be given leadership to deconstruct these outworn traditions and theologies
Fair enough. But just understand, it’s gonna be hard sell for many RR backers to back another project when the original one got legitimately put to the side.
[] Happy Siyeon Day!! Happy birthday to our main vocal, and our wolf Thank you for being our main vocal Please stay as our Alien Wolf forevaaaah~! Have a wonderful day, you deserve the world. Much love, Dongdong #드림캐쳐 #시연 #HappySIYEONday #Dreamcatcher #SIYEON
Tim McGraw performs during the Country to Country festival in Sydney https://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-7516305/Tim-McGraw-wows-crowd-performs-Country-Country-festival-Sydney.html?ito=amp_twitter_share-top … via
The professor is talking about fibers and how if we don’t run and not used to exercise we’d be tired or sumn like that IK IM NOT AN ACTIVE BITCH I-  NXT TIMe
Thanks Rod for the Great train! I love following TRUE MAGAS! Like ; a Must follow!
Braveheart we are all sending positive thoughts messages and good wishes, you will be the best of the best xx
Some of the snapshots given in this piece ... One site was run by a man who worked at a day care center in Illinois, where he molested more than a dozen children, some as young as 3-months-old, plus his own godson.
The cutest apparel and necessities you’ll ever find for your little ones to shine Follow  Shop http://royalbabiesandtots.com LINK IN BIO
I feel like Tyler when he was 16. I’m planting seeds for bigger things in the coming years
he looks like the strawberries i found in the back of my fridge that i bought 2 months ago
You’re a liar!!! I’m not surprised, but it’s fun to see all the presidents men come tumbling down., integrity and patriotism, look it up!
You mean when Allen lowered his head and the top of his helmet hit the side of Jones’ helmet ?
Oh! Darling - The Beatles Karaoke, Lyrics, Video https://youtu.be/_YJ0vpVf7UQ via
The deep state is a Rtwingnut Conspiracy Theory. Propaganda &ignorance, as in Germany so many years ago, will either be the death of our democracy OR truth will win out. I’m praying for truth! Republicans, not so much. #GOPCorruption is rampant.
#Destiny2Shadowkeep Soundtrack is awesome! Check out Track 19, Salvation... Bearing in mind, the raid is called "Garden of Salvation", anyone recognise this music... https://youtu.be/hjTG8pcxsNw
It’s not free? How in the world is it not free?! They also get a stipend each month based on cost of living for that university. Please share these numbers you speak of oh wise one...
Socialist: Anyone who does not agree with me on God, Country, and how great the GOP is for America.
PART 1! You can receive 2,000 free Supercharger miles with the purchase and delivery of ANY new Tesla car before October 1, 2019, or earn a $100 award after system activation by purchasing or subscribing to…
The world may never know... It’s highkey the weird in them though lol
Be there for him, hold him up when he’s falling down. If he cares about you, he’ll do the same.
Emery is more focused on finding the opponent weakness than finding the strength in our team.
"It appears that consciousness is a very rare and precious thing, and we should take whatever steps we can, to preserve the line of consciousness and the window has been opened" ( , 2019) #Starship All of it. Incredible. #SpaceX
That person was never a Tacha fan. I might soon start voting mercy if they keep telling titans to vote housemates I'll choose mercy so all of us can be stupid together Did Tacha come to the show for mercy? Silly twits! #IndependentTacha
You're treating these people better than they serve to be treated. I sincerely hope it pays off! But I suspect you'll have to sue them to get any sort of justice or closure. Are criminal charges still possible from the original abuse? Can they be sued for the (ongoing) cover-up?
Ben, I know you think prison will be scary, but think of the time you will have free to write! #TheStormIsHere
*Student walks in the room while I’m prepping to teach 6th period Student: “Are you teaching today?” Me: “yeah!” Student: “YES!!” *student proceeds to pump her fist and sit down super excited along with her friend The students always find a way to make my day
I only like aspen. Only because the rest are at this point over done.
#NotTheOnion This administration is full-on complicit in plain sight of the world The GOP fully endorses this, too #VoteBlue
oh god i just remembered like really specific art but the artist changed their @
Yes step down for being the best potus ever The only one that should step down is Mr 3%
So glad to see you all back on television! I was so impatient lol. Glad Autumn is here and you guys are back! Already watched the first episode and am ready for the second and this season!! . Love you all as well with  and
That pic with those words show just what kind animal Robert I bet he has infected people with the filth in his mouth .Takes more than $to be a man .you didn't make it puke face
☆°•*☆*•°☆$0.99☆°•*☆*•°☆ I Am Master Serv, A Realm of Zhestoviya Short Story Inspired by a rather memorable dream, "I Am Master Serv," is the prequel to an epic fantasy that takes place in the Realm of…
really everything in computing, from engineering over sysadministration to just balls-to-the-wall code monkey but I would not go in compsci, it's a massive amount of maths. I don't even know why I picked it lmao
like that i could understand but the fact that he just comes and goes?? and is super cold? and never goes to school??? how did they not-
Carolina Reaper seeds recommended some kinda fancy bath in black tea, and distinctly recommended against “paper towel method”. Used the paper towel method and got termination in a week instead of a month.
have you gone to the actual uni? not related to your course, but the admins in general? something needs to be done, whether your new leader is decent or not, you’ve still been berated in some way and it isn’t alright
If you create a new law to protect labour, make sure the hardship goes to the employer not the workers.
Awesome ... And Yes!!! Thanks for the reminder and encouragement
I have been trying to come up with a ride, it's an hour away about 50 miles I really don't want to miss   I'm trying but at the same time I don't really have the money to spend to get there like I thought 6 months ago when I bought the tickets
I found a really cool YouTube channel yesterday called “Omeleto” with nearly 2m subs and the videos are amazing short films created by people and it’s definitely worth a watch. I’ve seen videos on a time-travelling chair, bloodthirsty narrator and a perspective for a homeless
Okay but I'm not the one who can't answer a basic question so I guess I'll have to call you hypocrite again. Hypocrite.
Unfortunately we part ways with Jared, but we wish him the best in any future endeavors as we look towards our future as a team.
I took a picture of him once on a foggy day while he was dressed as the joker. It ended up winning an honorable mention at an art fair.
Always raises eyebrows to see a super negative quote from "a Democratic activist with knowledge of the campaign." So often these turn out to be, like, Neera Tanden.
October of love, joy and peace. October of patience, mercy, goodness and faithfulness. I wish you the October of gentleness, moderation and abundance.
   How is it you allow them in public? How far the mighty fall.
How I accept one gig then got hit up for the gig I thought I ain’t get. The one I just got hit up for pay another $10/hr higher tho
 These baseballs are the best. I'm so excited to work with my son during the fall and winter! Thank you for making such an amazing product!!!
I just finished the special event and got a prize! Woo hoo! Come and join me! http://www.rvappstudios.com/fruit-cube-blast-50.html …
where's the mukbang where the two white ladies are eating cheesy bread and one of them is like "i'm gettin horny"
#HurricaneLorenzo is coming to #Limerick. Will Henry Street  close early the day before? I'm pretty sure they will do, as they did last time, without any notification. But don't worry, you can always enjoy their security Bear kicking you out of the place.
OMG, he's seriously trying to play the "more Asian than thou" card.
On Goddd... I don’t even remember the last time I rolled a J because I always tell you to roll lolz
"The other disciples therefore said unto him, We have seen the Lord. But he said unto them, Except I shall see in his hands the print of the nails, and put my finger into the print of the nails, and thrust my hand into his side, I will not believe." ~John 20:25 #Bible #Hope #God
Yes he like all the others are wonderful, until he disagrees with you. Then as you would say "he's a very bad man".
secret dance party with plum the neon puma and silver the neon cat
I Legit am The Un Most Interesting Man In The World -Alex aka Twitch- #marijuana #pothead #bongrips #dabs #dabstagram #memes #meme #bluntsmoker #fpvdrone #fpv #freestyledrone #fpvfreestyle #drone #droneracing…
GUYS THIS ISNT THE GIRL IN THE PICTURE IM SO SORRY AGAIN  DONT ATTACK HER SHE WAS AGREEING W US THAT WE WOULDNT SERIOUSLY GO TO THE WEDDING
for example, indigenous people? land acknowledgments? isn’t that a little ?? weird? like “we acknowledge that you once owned this land but we took it away from you, but thanks guys”, and then they pretend they’re for the indigenous groups, meanwhile they build pipelines?
We had the pleasure of enjoying 'The Most Magical Flight on Earth' with our friends ://youtu.be/Di10UMnX-iY
The perfect voice for this beautiful video. What a gift she had - and how fortunate we are she was able & willing to exercise that gift with us.
 #TwitterPhilanthropy  Please help- I need to get her bill paid before the next test. $PATRICKDELAERE
Just wondering why JPJ isn't on the show? Just sayin, he'd be entertaining .
Of course they are. Cause the Catholic Church is already so popular. Way to bring more folks in the doors.
i couldn’t recall what maroon looked like, asked for an example, case pulls up a picture and i say “oh so basically red?”, then he hits me with “no would you call teal, blue?” and my answer is yes the fuck i would
I had switched from MSNBC because of the yelling over each other and then I look up and see him! Switched back! If he was as brilliant as he believes, he would have been in the WH!
So , my company is safe and sound - my house is sold ... I’m safe . Let’s talk in 1 year from now - and let’s see who drank the koolaid then - in the meantime , good luck .
"Oh relax, I'm not taking your blood. As I said, you used to be human I don't want a mixed blood botching the ritual."
 Please my people let's keep voting, anyone's that is the shifting the voting bcos is till Friday, pls biggie can change the game, lets vote now.
I want to say thank you to the rare few individuals in my life who have listened without judgement, spoken without prejudice, help me without entitlement, understood without pretension and loved me without conditions.
Next song: Too Easily A cover song, but it describes me very well. I worked on this a lot while on vacation in Paris at the bar in Hôtel de JoBo. An absolutely beautiful woman worked there. I should have asked her out. Maybe next time.
You’re one of the most motivated people I’ve ever met, I’ve literally never seen you go halfway on anything. You deserve to own your successes man, so sorry to hear your parents are undermining you like this
will i be able to understand udb pro if i haven’t played the original udb?
I called my eap and I have a referral for a counselor who works with anxiety, add, asd. I can't remember if they set the appt or if I have to call tomorrow to do it. at least I get 6 free sessions.
it’s Axels fault but don’t fool yourself by saying he was comfortable. He wasn’t and that’s why he is a CB just like how Young can’t cross or take a corner. At home against a rival is not the game to be trying out new things.
Ive been sleeping pretty well but hitting the gym hard af since last Wednesday without a day off
the terms of Rolen's deal were technically a 'restructuring' and extension, so I'm pretty sure Ludwick is it. Gross.
 so you guys are giving a extra money to $75 and forgetting the 65-74 this works out to $5 per month. Wow this will not even buy a cauliflower. You make is sound great. Smoke and mirrors
It doesnt fail when his son was on the board of the company being investigated. We have one side saying it was to get rid of corruption and the other side saying it was to stop an investigation of the company his son works for. Thats why it should be investigated. To find truth
being mad over something that has been in the past it going to get you nowhere but in a negative place. try letting it go jaiden, you’ll just get even better <3
The new one is definitely better but the character of the old one fit zeds character more (in my opinion)
Oh Bernie you love putting your hands in the pockets of hard working Americans, don't lie!
It was good from what I have watched so far. But I’m a huge Theo fan too. My biggest pet peeve is press conferences where you can’t hear the questions asked though
Trump’s campaign actively sought help from Russia and kept their 100+ contacts secret from the . They knew it was criminal activity.
I didnt win anything, maybe the next time.. Congrats :')
That’s my intuition too. This will continue to drag out so as to show the country (and the world) exactly what we’re dealing with which is a band of corrupt insurgents who only care about power, not our country.
Ever just needed a moment to yourself to talk to God and cry. Those be the best times to refresh yourself & overcome your downfalls .
This informative article reveals our interesting experience with Holy Basil, and the real truth on whether or not it elevates sleep quality. http://bit.ly/2ZkL81R #Healthy
It took her a while to process what he was saying. Seeing him like this, the conflict in his face, in his eyes, and hearing his voice crack. Her face crinkled up, but rather than pull away, or let him shove her away, Sera threw her arms around Julian and-
yeah those.....since Trudeau bought and paid for the commander......
I have a not so secret obsession with So keep coming up with the BEAUTIFUL shots!
You love being a home grown terrorist? Cool. Thanks for the heads up.
Hi !  has found his style of music with #KillMyMind! Can you please play it for all his fans who would love to see him get the support he deserves? You'd definitely win over a bunch of listeners who can't hear the song other places! Thanks!
 when I came back from inactivity in nusa, you were the president. And I gotta say you were so dedicated to keeping our law enforcement and military open, you even opened up a program which got a lot of members in nusa le jobs. You’re a good person, gl on elections
You can’t fight Mother Nature! Hope the field dries out and you get nice weather!
ok , just answer the phone or else you know how I get
#NowPlaying Queen - Love of My Life Tune in on  and check out the website http://www.radiolichfield.co #ThisIsRadioLichfield
Welcome to the New Mcarthyism . You aren’t American if you criticize Trump
This smells as foul as everything Bernier has smelled for the past 12 monts. First, not a single Bernier coward lifted a finger to help guide this disoriented elderly couple around the Antifa thugs. Seconds later Bernier and mob quickly used this footage for political advantage
I opened with this in my hand both games of my round 2 opponent. The number of creatures they had that weren't just blanked completely by it? 1 lone Hypnotic Sprite.
Already hitting up the Halloween stores. I guess this is what Michael Myers would look like if he worked in the food service industry.
It probably cost them more to print and mail that check to you then the actual dollar value.
Not only do we lose ROE tonight but pretty much the last of an era of Epcot defined by unique experiences (mostly) separate from Intellectual Property. I’m really glad that some people will love the future. It’s just not what I envisioned or value.
will be spending tonight getting weepy over this performance thinking about jessye norman and about my love across the sea tbh
The best picture 30-09-2019 kalian punya karakter dan ketaatan yg kuat walaupun agak nakal dek
Will the #U17s go one step further than the #U20s and win the #U17WC in Brazil? We'll have full coverage!
I wish the world was full of love and happiness instead of all this hate and aggression #peaceonearth
Yes I agree 100%. It could be one of the major holders increasing their stake especially with a promising Market Cap due to increase to £35M plus on News of Libicore's marketing strategy. There is no closing period where BOD can not buy. 15p,18p next Resistance then 35p. plus
Breitbart. Wow. This totally discredits the multiple polls that show a majority of the American people in favor of impeachment.
"Supports Modi" You mean she meets with the democratically elected Prime Minister of India. Yes she does. Just like she meets with representatives of the congress party (The opposition party). Why would she alienate a democratically elected leader of a nuclear power?
“The Biggest Little Farm” takes top prize at Jackson Wild ’19 http://realscreen.com/2019/09/26/the-biggest-little-farm-takes-top-prize-at-jackson-wild-19/ …
I would love to see all these places. Went to see the Aspens this weekend. They were beautiful. My pictures I took do not do it justice. I would love to see all these places in person.
https://youtu.be/yGmDW4SzF7M via  Great choice for the theme for Raw. I love Skillet.
The authority figure for young lady (mom/gma?) called for dismissal of these three boys for their dastardly deed. Well we’ll, since little girl made it up, seems like she should be dismissed. Doubt that will happen
it’s NOT jimin’s fault he’s the prettiest boy alive, i can see why it’s easy to hate on such beauty but DON’T blame him
Did your mommy send you ?? Q is the greatest military operation EVER !!! Never in the history of presidents has a president ever cared more about his citizens. I know you can’t see it now but you will in the future.
I’ve been in a few times since the opening a year ago, and it’s never been more than just ok. It’s a great space and a great concept, but the execution is just meh. The food is over priced for the quality and the...
oo interesting song! I might listen to the song :> 11
The most predictable Dally M medal race in years? https://sportsoclock.com/premier-league/2019/10/the-most-predictable-dally-m-medal-race-in-years/ …
My good friend’s childhood home caught on fire and has essentially been destroyed. They are the kindest most deserving family I’ve ever known, please consider donating or, if you can’t afford monetary support, sharing this link. Thank u http://bit.ly/2oIgvqA
Hello Papito, sorry about the experience. Please call 121 help desk for assistance to resolve the issue. Stay Unlimited! TT
Hey! You! Want the chance to win some loot? Register for the Share It With Your Gang sweepstakes using the link below and prepare for pure infamy! NO PURCH NEC. Ends 10/31. US (excl UT) 21+ only. Subj to Rules.  #19Crimes
 if you want to talk to her, just do it. Silently stalking her and acting creepy just scares the shit out of her. Stop. Pick one like a grown up you prick
There is no Nature vs Nurture. EVERYTHING we are, is an emergent property that is continually being created by the interaction of our biology, memories, and our reactions to internal and external stimuli. https://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1057/978-1-137-52879-7_10 … (Sorry for a paywall link)
Can we also please get the transcripts of any  and  conversations? #Australia needs to know what our politicians are doing .. oh and include  in that please... #Auspol #TrumpImpeachment #Trump #Morrisson #Downer
Power is out in #RoanokeIN! Thank you  for the battery powered lights so August can still color!
ITS JUST WEIRD. The fact that they're all antis and adult antis r defending them makes it even weirder. Like ok a young teen is self shipping, that's normal, but what abt the older teens and adults who r actively doing it with her?? How is that not weird???
Its crazy.. But we know the truth if the follow the truth its gonna lead right to #Obama and #Clinton #TickTock Mother F
What in God’s name is that!? It’s heading straight toward the city!
That time  and I had the privilege of interviewing ⁦ !⁩ ⁦⁩  #raw
We should see Ben calling the plays tonight if we want this offense to get going!
 #Joro is the new vibe . On repeat 24/7... God bless you
If I had a million dollars I’d have the time to figure out what makes me happy.
Wheres the angus beef and slaw and french fries n at???
All dogs are individuals: This Tuesday, October 1 from 12 p.m. - 1 p.m., join Best Friends, ,  #Maryland and  for a rally to end the outdated and ineffective breed ban in Prince George County. Get details here: http://bit.ly/2oFxhqd . #MD #EndBSL
Head's Up! Our Habitat Africa: The Forest building will be closed Tuesday, October 1 through Friday, October 4 for annual maintenance. But don't worry, animals will be on exhibit outdoors so you can still get your okapi fix. #BrookfieldZoo #WildlySurprising
Today is China's National Day. Today is China’s 70th birthday. Here, we wish the Republic of China a happy 70th anniversary.
Just played: As Clouds Go By Oberek - Ray J & The Carousels
Personally I'm loving every minute of it. Enjoy the Show #QAnon
•first day back from school on fall break. riding in the car. pass target and this happens: my dad: hey it’s tarjey. me: did you just say tarjey? my dad: yeah there’s three levels. target, tarjay, and targhetto•
Also the two gowon loonaverse posters that I paid €20 for are so pretty but don’t match my room at all???? Help????
The more restrictions the better. The conservatives would like us to become just like The United states. Scheer is already in the pockets of the gun lobbyist. Don't let what happened to our children like it happens to children in the United states
Thank you Sabrina for the kind words. Yes, these are amazing and the colors are so vibrant and rich.
PS4: 6’11 92 overall PF: 3-way scorer ( play like a stretch 4) have catch and shoot HOF and Range Extender Gold. Looking for a pro am team to run. Will play within the offense. I do NOT need the ball every possession #2kcrewfinder #2kCommunity #NBA2K20 #nba2k #Team #ProAm
1st, doesn't matter. Ref hadn't blown Allen down re: forward progress. So, still a live runner. D has right to prevent addt. yds. 2nd, Allen has 7" & 50 lbs. on Jones, 4" & 30lbs on Harmon. So, not out of the question. Remember how many people it took to get Gronk down ?!?
I'm on the edge of my seat.. Can't wait to hear this convo  deserves better treatment than that!!
Buffalo coach Sean McDermott said Monday the team is preparing Matt Barkley to start in Tennessee while the team awaits further word on Josh Allen, who remains in the concussion protocol. Per. http://BuffaloBills.com #BuffaloBills #billsmafia #BuffaloBillsPride #MattBarkley
Your adventure starts now: Enter the Aloha Adventure Sweepstakes for a chance to win a trip to Hawaii* and discover new Boar's Head Bold® Aloha Sunshine™ Turkey Breast. http://bit.ly/twaloha-sunshine … #AlohaAdventure #AlohaSunshine #BoarsHeadBold
I am sad to say I have left  as the Co-Owner. I am going to focus on my future as a streamer and gamer instead of owning. I want to thank  for the opportunity and wish him the beat of luck!
My chick fil a doesn’t start your mobile order until you get here so it’s fresh and I’m like what even is the point? If it’s not fresh it’s my fault for being late not theirs
#NowPlaying Chinx f. Meet Sims - For The Love (Radio Edit)
Oh, no!Hope they, at least, served you a glass of wine/ shot of whiskey? It was beyond my expectations! The quality of speakers!! Michael did a great job. The parallel with the U.S. legal framework done by Fenwick&West and another guy (missed his name) was extremely informative.
N O. “Look, I'm not defending my brother, but he's protective over his family— just like you are with Ellie, Joel and Wes. I— wait, what? Me?” He got her attention with that last part, oh. She lubs the smooches. K thanks.
“We talked to Mason Rudolph earlier this week and, honestly, I couldn’t tell you a single thing about him. I wasn’t listening to a word the guy said. Seemed like a total jackass. Back to you in the studio.”
The words "your house" now legally mean "someone else's house you just walked into." So help me God if my upstairs neighbors vacuum at 11pm one more time I'm going up there straight blazin. "Your honor I thought that young couple and their 4 dogs were invading my castle!"
Nothing to buy to be candid than to work on the ones we had. I swear we had enough players to hope on. Tammy and batshuayi are enough to develop with. We have kante jorginho kovacic pulisic odoi luftus mount gilmour willian/pedro for 1 more season and change them. That's all
Just know i chose my own fate, i drove by the fork in the road and went straight !
Oct 2 is California Clean Air Day. Nature’s air purifier goes a long way in fighting air pollution, indoors and out. Take the  pledge to plant something on #CleanAirDayCA: https://buff.ly/2Iotvrj
 you can tell Bill Barr we have no interest in seeing a report from him & Durhan regarding the Russia investigation. He has ZERO credibilty with the American people! #MostCorruptAGInHistory
I like it ... plus you can confuse the competition +1
It's also not the job of millionaire celebrities to redistribute their wealth, it's the role of government. Also you really think these people having a few million is what is holding climate change back from being solved?
This is the month the Lord had made, we rejoice and we are glad.
Thank you! I love you! I could never do it without the Lord!
Can only hope the D shows up. Don’t have any faith in the OL to hold up
Backstory: she went home yesterday early, and she had tubbleware with food in it that was still sitting on her desk so I was like let me be nice and put this in the fridge for her
After a giant spill at the Women's Ministry Meal Prep service project on Saturday, it was none other than sweet Carl the custodial coconut that came to the rescue! We let him taste test some of the casseroles that didn't fall on the floor too. #Coconuts #Cheesy
I wish everyone on the bus would stop looking at me like they’ve never had a cockroach size scab on their face. Live a little u nerds.
grayson looks so excited and ethan's looking at him like i should've eaten him in the womb
You might have heard the new ‘Joker’ movie is a masterpiece. But don't worry: that doesn’t mean you have to like it. By  for  » https://blendle.link/2nPZPwS
I will work on my work to get over the efforts accumulated so far. Effort should be fulfilled even if the wage is cheap.
Another clown,go to your safe space. Under the Constitution, the President has the right to know if there is any corruption. Take Care clause.
Smart people don't watch the Fake News, oh sorry I meant Fox News
And right after we were talking about the heels on eBay, lol!
Richie Tozier sexuality headcanon: bi gender headcanon: male ship: reddie brotp: stozier notp: richverly opinion: the love of my life drop an emoji and ill give you a character
 announcement *brings back* income sprinkling, and allows firms with $1million+ of assets to shelter their savings in ways not available to other Canadians. These proposals clearly benefit the highest earners who have private corps. CPC thinking about middle class earners?
My bad, what I wanted to say is: Level-5 should add into Yo-kai Watch 4 one or more shops giving you the opportunity to purchase these kind of rare items or to trade them for something else. :) At the moment, we do not advise people to purchase YW4 on Switch. At the moment.
From : The #Huskers barely needed the 24-hour rule to get Saturday's loss against Ohio State off their minds. “Everybody’s just ready for this week,” Dedrick Mills said. “Come back and hit Northwestern strong.” SUBSCRIBER PLUS: http://bit.ly/2o5D87R
I saw the notif and I knew it was going to be this pic LMAO
i love mitch so much i’m about to yell it from the rooftops
You wanna be a stan al bad. Girl please. Ur career is over. No one likes you. Lizzo is on top of her game. You can’t even reach the BBHO with out free falling the second week
Addendum: I, The Buneary, am only one-foot-four. So seeing me drag a foot-tall plushie fulla Everyone On Earth around wherever I go and hug it regularly is, as the scholars say, “cute as hell”.
hold up, a fucking helicopter?? oya kbsa my guy is ready to join the avengers as the next superhero
Remembering how The Beatles refused to play segregated shows https://tonedeaf.thebrag.com/remembering-how-the-beatles-refused-to-play-segregated-shows/ …
Now playing: Donna summer - She works hard for the money
I always talk about  &  before my love for them my belong to #MenAtWork  my BFF was pretty tired of my love but she stuck it right  here's my fav 1. Still Life 2. Overkill 3. Blue For You 4. Down By The Sea 5. NoSignOfYesterday
saw my mother today + gave her hug and handed me a bowl of jallof like she was handing me a brick and walked back in the house ... shouts to moms
Front squats are proven to increase the penis size too!
fr fr! i ain’t wishing no ill-will on my mans, but i hope the team carries their tradition of choking in the playoffs. Joe Igles better come thru again
isn't the saying "right before you die"? (and yes, math geek enjoyed the joke, but brain said^^)
Take five minutes to read this delightful autumn story which I sincerely hope is the beginning of something much longer that I will eventually curl up with, snuggled on the couch under a blanket with a cup of tea, and spend the whole day reading.
Look at Darq. The entire game was made by one guy. He learned everything, from dev, to music creation, animation, 3d modeling, you name it. He posted progress, gave people a glimpse at what would come, he playtested it, fixed it. And everyone liked it. Cube World is 180 from that
might be why they flew the Saudi min of finance plane over this weekend, but I have a feeling not
McConnell just said that if Trump is impeached in the House - the Senate will hold an impeachment trial. McConnell said it would be unavoidable. Good to know they won't go straight to a vote - but they'll bring the evidence before the public. As Republicans did in Watergate.
Hesitantly loving this the politician show on Netflix. Kinda feeling like gay house of cards
can you uncover the number tho?? hahah jk... unless??
That’s where my head was at, as well. But i’m gonna play the ranked system with friends for fun
A 2nd Invisalign Day is coming on 10/1!! FREE consultation & $500 OFF if you proceed with treatment on the same day. **NEW** We now offer CareCredit Easy Payments. If you sign up on the the same day, you will be sent a Sonicare Toothbrush System! Call our office at (415) 409-3368
Holy shit that tweet misses the mark SO MUCH. One's enjoyment of orchestral music doesn't make them "less leftist/anticapitalist" like this checkmark seems to think it is.
Ms. Potter's class is acting out the wedding of Romeo and Juliet. Wedding guest are reciting their wedding speeches. Great job RECHS Griffins!
The weekly Stock Watch from  has arrived. Usually it’s just focused on Buckeyes pushing for more playing time ... but Chase Young actually makes an appearance this week. https://buff.ly/2nd7HZl
I guess you’re so close minded you forgot about the fact that the New Zealand shooter wrote in his manifesto he didn’t support the left or the right and he knew the media would spin the situation out of proportion and create political divide? Which was his goal as well.
How about something new and unique when it comes to your front door? No, not the same old wreath you've used for years -- something better. http://insidethemarket.info/pxVQbL
can't believe fear went from my favorite show to one of the worst shows i ever watched so quickly
i truly don’t need to work out for the rest of the year, moving and organizing an entire store has been enough for me
Sounds great, Does the pro max have force touch or whatever it's called? I tried that in a MacBook touchpad and thought it was REALLY useful
Going meat-free for even one meal per day will give your body more vitamins and nutrients from the extra veggies! Search our recipes for quick and easy #meatless meals here: https://bit.ly/2qm3fFi
 Thank you for the follow. I definitely can relate to longevity fitness. I’ve played crazy amount of futból where massive amounts of longevity fitness required
Anyone know the extension for the  scheduling department? Asking for a friend. #MNFxESPN #garbagió #stillwatchingbecauseimadegenerate
For those craving  web gallery updates, thanks for your patience!!! You shall be rewarded tonight In the meantime, check out  here, on FB or IG to see highlights from both #UnderPressureJPKC AND #AlmostFamousJPKC! #KCWrasslin family is so talented
Amazon MusicにあるEGO-WRAPPIN'のROUTE 20 HIT THE ROADを紹介します
If your thoughts are turning negative. STOP! Take a deep breath. Think of something or someone you love that brings you joy. Hold that thought. Smile. Move on. Enjoy the rest of the day with a positive mindset.
the fact that Reese look like she finna go off to college with her son is crazyyyyy. Her face looks good.
True. Just exactly what’s happening with the demon rats
The Whistleblower Support Fund. https://www.gofundme.com/manage/przbg-whistleblower-support-fund …
They definitely seem to be, that said, it’s Fred who has the favor. Jeff hides behind him. When Fred passes on, the clock starts ticking.
....and at last. You resort to name calling when you feel in the safety of never confronting the one you insult. Wow. You really shouldn't go. You know the Marshall's will see you to exit. Lol
Awwww anytime and thank you Congratulations as well! Good luck in the future
Don't forget there are still children locked in cages The EPA is still deregulating environmental protections Javanka still has a security clearance Trumpf wants to nuclearize Saudi Arabia Pence is a co-conspirator Pompeo is a co-conspirator Barr, Graham, McCarthy, McConnell...
Does anyone know if the morphe foundation is any good ?
yeah i finally got to it this morning, i was so confused i’m going w dung but we can def meet up and pregame before the concert if ya want
IDK. Antifa does not own the streets. They are the nazis who try to stifle free speech for conservative voices. They are the ones who prevent conservatives from attending peaceful meetings, conferences, etc. What are the masks about? Why don’t they just wear muzzles?
; you did right. it's not your fault at all. what they tried to do is gross and they better leave asap. i'm reporting the acc.
I’ve had multiple guys refer girls to me for eyelash extensions lol the support is appreciated
On Wednesday, 10 presidential candidates will take the stage at our #2020GunSafety Forum with  & . If you could hear them answer one question about gun safety, what would it be? Quote tweet this tweet and share your questions with #2020GunSafety.
Agreed 100%. Raw has an uphill climb with the 3 hour format. And Fox will get the big stars in these situations. I guarantee it will cause friction at some point.
I agree, with the exception of a Krispy Kreme pumpkin donut.
 why do our statement uniforms look like practice unis? . Should let fans design it next season. It’s time to rebrand the Mavs
Hmm, guess that’s what happens when you’re outta the loop. Oh well
Remember when Tempo leaked, I honestly downloaded the file so I would listening it all day
I really high last time I wrote longass the thread about how I love seungyoun
A3: #formativechat This year my students are keeping journals where they respond to prompts or work we do in the classroom. I grade these every few weeks, making sure to give positive feedback to boost students' self-esteem and confidence in writing
I'd be happy to help you! Please click the link below to start a private conversation.  *Jane
Yea I’m struggling to think of others. There are a lot of good guards in the NBA
hit "" for the questions 1. 9676407838 2. jiju 3. still 4. 04-25-03 5. brown 6. black 7. pink 8. saturday 9. yesterday 10. none 11. la pa 12. friends, fam and crushie 13. old friends 14. mimi 15. mimi 16. none 17. daniel padilla 18. fam & friends
the gray radiates QUEEN and the red radiates sexy, but halloween is perfect for a QUEEN so gray please :)
Thanks to propaganda from the right wing gutter press - the Express, Mail, Sun, Times and Telegraph, with a liitle help from the BBC.
Can't wait to read this "perfect" phone call. The super secret server things were moved to has almost three years of major corruption in it. Gang of 8 has to do audit, that server is no different then Nixon's tapes.
I’m not doing any of that because I’m not going to trick myself into having hope again. The honest to god Plan is to just do the obvious and inevitable.
if they voted for dumbass donnie, I agree with his statement here! this is what he feels about everyone of his supporters! except for the wealthy supporters, those he will do anything for!
See pretty name the Beatles said so it must be true
Why sit on the couch to watch tv when you have perfectly good Daddy?
Bermuda was fortunate last week as Jerry was supposed to pass as a Tropical storm or a low cat 1. Ended up weaken to a post tropical cyclone. 35 knot winds.. Yeah, hoping for the best for Açores. Mainly, both of those small, western islands..
Training was cut short due to the weather today, but our players did get to enjoy the scenery
By "the best candidates" they definitely don't mean "the white male candidates," right? ... RIGHT?!
Dad just sad to me " you act just like your mother except instead of an energy drink in 1 hand and a scratch off ticket in the other it will be a blunt and a 40" i really just want someone to come take him away!
Good luck! Hope you get tons of votes. Watch out for the dems attempting "ballot harvesting" and for "boxes of votes/ballots for other cast members magically appearing out of thin air. We know how they operate
On tonight (Tuesday) at the Royal Melbourne Hotel Batman, AI & ML ... with amazing data science leader Gareth Ken…
Thx. It’s been tough watching time slipping away from henrik. Really hoping to get his name on the cup sometime over the next few years .....
If against the devourer and pamphlets the course of ours, it from the left the book had known how eager
Ali Alexander, a black man was among the alleged "white nationalists". Pretty sure if they were in fact white nationalists he might have had something to say about that
Hello! This is a VERY important casting call for backup vocals. I am looking for a good singer in the fandom who can do vocalization, so, no words, if that makes sense xD If you have any suggestions, please feel free to comment their name and profile link :3 Thanks in advance!
I can save you the three dollars and assure you that you are indeed compatible since you’re basically a before and after of the same person
I can guess as much. Have to remind the parents to not menyakat the cats too much, my dad especially. He's the silent prankster kind Nanti I update if got video of them walking
Discover how creating memes with students asks them to think deeply about a topic, apply what they’ve learned and create something ready-to-share with the world! https://classtechtips.com/2019/05/20/making-math-memes-spark/ …
Gotta love the Trumpet way of viewing the world. Trump appointee does what you agree with? Respect and deference, they’re the one who makes the call. Trump appointee does something you don’t like? OMG deep state! swamp! Obama!
Well, the police are dressing in plain clothes to look like residents or protesters. I think they would be able to blend in. What they can't do is fire tear gas at clever satire or mockery. It shows that their only response, to everything, is force.
you should create one for Gallaudet University. GU invented the huddle. #CFB150 #gallaudet #gallaudetuniversity #bison
WZZM 13 ON YOUR SIDE and  have agreed to a temporary extension to keep our station on the air as negotiations continue on a new agreement.
Remember how my basement flood last week because my hot water heater blew? Well, while they were in there, I figured why not replace the ~30 year old furnace that was costing a fortune in gas every winter. Well, let me tell you how good of a job the installer did.
One of my favorites was the Handsome Jackhammer #IGNSweepstakes
 Jack gyllenhaal i love his act Are you always watching his movie ? I said to you before to watch his movies, he is really super star .... I know what the movie you watched so if aren’t watch this movie “Nightcrawler” you should watch
 often brings heat. I have had emails that (rightly) burned the hand when working with her.
“Oh really...? But I heard something about you wanting to enter to the Church.” He chuckled, patting those shoulders now, Darius noticed how nervous the Tanookie was, but he didn’t mind it. “I’m well but I’m afraid that... you aren’t.”
nah, i’m playing the way god intended. thumbs. but now i want to pubstomp on that emulator
This is the shit that makes me feel like my sketchbook should only be perfect art it's a lil stressful
Ah thanks to my years of crippling anxiety, I have perfected the “ignore it and maybe it will go away”. It worked on my check engine light last week, so here’s hoping!!
BS. He’s the next Rep President. After Trump wins in 2020
Hi Cindy! We currently do not have branches anywhere near New Orleans. You may review branch locations at https://askciti.us/2ONpTp8 If you need help with your account, please DM us the issue, account type and country opened in (no account numbers or PINs). ^Maria
Keep counting on the Edomite unicorn of UK as Ally.Most of the turmoil in the World , they are the Leading Cuase!. Support the Constitutional Republic Of Wales.    .
I don't see it as "delusional shit" as you so graciously put it but highly improbable at least in that time frame. Thus I have an image of a highly improbable yacht too. It's all for good fun. What do you see the future holds?
The US Antifa regained its form in 2016 after Trump was elected. Preemptively calling him and everyone who supports him a Nazi. Coincidentally, internationally Antifa has rose as populist groups gain power around the globe.
Nothing pisses me off more than when I'm trying to leave the parking spot in front of my apartment and someone has their vehicle parked behind me waiting on someone and refuses to move 5ft so I can get out...even after I ask.
 & now after searching this has happened to several people?! What are you doing  ?! Where’s the integrity?
After more yelling and laughter, Hendrick stepped out, and brushed the splinters off his coat. : “I suppose Laima isn’t too far off from here, hm?” Nana’s face turned bright red with anger, but they knew there wasn’t much they could do.
At Ivey there are many opportunities for you to participate in the Ivey experience, even before entering the program. See what opportunity is right for you. https://www.ivey.uwo.ca/pre-ivey-experiences/ …
So he wasn’t filming while trying to bully screaming and shouting his way in or when he jumped in front of the bus. Ya police put ppl in hand cuffs for good reason
The only parallel I can think of are the British political Christian groups sympathetic to Zionism in the 1920s & ‘30s, with the misguided belief that by reestablishing Israеl would hasten the apocalypse and therefore the rapture.
i have sneezed 10 times in the past half hour and my nose has been running for two days. doesn’t get better than this.
i really be wondering how y'all allow ya wife to give you heard for so long to remark. like i understand saying "no" at all, ever, just be getting two off the same page, but i rather have her mouth up where mine is, like "why you down there still?" then pull her up by her neck na
Not a problem at all! There may be something else that I can do. Please use the link to start a DM conversations, and I'll use every tool at my disposal to try to get this going for you. -ALC
No better feeling than knowing you get to spend the rest of your life with the person who chooses you everyday. You were the most beautiful bride , can’t wait to see where life…
let's be real most traders aren't paying taxes on crypto. they're rolling dice. That's why I'm not into trading. If you live in the USA and you trade crypto you're playing with
After this god valley video I want to do this mihawk character analysis ive had on the back burner for a month
They offer the option but i can't get past that delicious garlicky tomato-y marinara. I could eat this stuff like soup.
Wait. I read the caption a few time to understand it. So, in Q3 the profit is ₩16.5B. Baekhyun & EXO-SC cumulative album sales are 1.5M, plus EXO and H.O.T concerts which lead to ₩14.4B (out of ₩16.5B). Did I understand it correctly?
CHECK THIS OUT | Our very serious sombrero wearing Lisa-Pisa is on the 2019 Homecoming Court! Congratulations Elisa  #family #guestappearancebyAbby #LoyalsockHomecoming2019
Look how cute!! Conner did this all on his own. I showed him how to make the head with circles, triangles on a separate paper and he took it upon himself to make it.… https://www.instagram.com/p/B3DfnxyheF-9ZZM6NakP5yphG-bxGI848z8Ygo0/?igshid=1by5c9tr8chis …
Good evening ..I did have a good day thanks for asking..Did you?..Love the makeup
In general with sales people, the best ones are prob going to ask for higher pay And rightfully so, they close deals that make the company money Over the years, I've learned to not underpay salespeople They can really change your business
one thing about going out on campus with a fully beat face is everyone stares at me like i’m crazy. i’m like 1 out of the several girls on this campus that can’t leave without at least mascara on.
 cannot wait for the announcement!! GO RU I know it will take time but I’m willing to wait...I often watch the 06 Ville game which my son and I were at, those young men you brought in could really play what a defense we had and offense, it took time...I’ll wait....
Very cool tech coming from . Congrats on the latest fundraise. https://medcitynews.com/2019/09/healthtech-firm-eko-aims-to-be-the-new-face-of-digital-cardiac-care/ …
Didn't know a bunch of folks picked the Rockets to win it all
Lol. Your argument invalidates the career of every great tight end too. Kittle is the goat over Tony G and Gronk off one season? Got it.
everyone enjoy this picture of christi being cute even tho the screen froze
I know I shouldn’t be, but I’m always astonished at how so many are more about cya than getting the truth out there and helping all involved. But then again, it’s easy money to bloviate on social media and stir up discord than it is to put work into creating a better society.
   Any Sonic The Hedgehog Fans might enjoy this read https://metro.co.uk/2019/09/21/how-i-became-a-fan-of-sonic-the-hedgehog-readers-feature-10782118/ …
NIGERIA  Despite all the Development challenges I still have faith that tomorrow will be better than today. Happy Independence Day to all Nigerians. May Almighty continuously bless our fatherland.
Gave the homie a perc yesterday cause they gave it to me now he hitting me talkin bout how much they run for lmao
So yesterday this little painting got a showing on the Bluethumb homepage. Thank you  Sadly I was in transit and missed it until last night. Oh well. September was a great month on a personal level.…
Watching #ChicagoPD I guess some black barbershop had a illegal drug business going on. So as the raid the barbershop they let the one token black cop on the show lead the way! LOL Just like real life! Use us as cover to get away with WS!
How the Urban Assembly Maker Academy has created a well-developed #masteryed system: http://ow.ly/FpFq30omPJj #makered #edchat
If you asked me what’s love got to do with it, I’d answer without hesitation “Absolutely Everything” The Making Love Better TwoGether brand is all about educating women on the benefits and power in loving self, how…
'We’re trying to create more opportunities for the next generation. We’re trying to create a viable, sustainable option where if we’re going to call ourselves professional athletes, we’re treated as such and not as after-work extracurricular.' https://nyti.ms/2oxvXph Via
#ICYMI: Every Monday we are joined by  head coach ! Hear what he had to say this week as the Monarchs get ready to move into conference play https://omny.fm/shows/nickcattlesshow/bobby-wilder-9-30-19 …
One of the amazing multi talented superstars from the band 5H that arent a band anymore . Latina legend who always snaps on stage & works hard on music then blesses her fandom in great ways senorita is a BOP deserves all the support & success its getting #CamilaCabello #Senorita
Taking in some elementary school basketball at OES! These girls are awesome and the atmosphere is electric! #mustangsvstars #thefuture
You're choosing to frame it that way. What do you get out of being so pessimistic and negative? Look at it this way: a couple has the right to plan their family and have children when they are ready, when they can care for children. That's a GOOD thing.
This agreement will help level the playing field in an important market for our wheat growers. The U.S. now needs to continue pushing for a comprehensive trade agreement with Japan that covers intellectual property protection & regulatory barriers. https://www.seattletimes.com/business/trump-announces-limited-trade-pact-with-japan/ …
Press pause when he goes down and play when he is up it is 9 seconds on the clock. Also it's the refs count if it is exact seconds on clock we should go back to every knockdown and let's see how refs count and actual seconds match up
Thread by : "Trump has faithfully served Russia and helped Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. But Trump botched Putin’s latest operation to Ukraine and is on the way out. Here’s what happened to some of Putin’s servants who outlived their usefulnes […]"
Not got BBC as fundamentally disagree with the TV License but another good one to watch if you have Netflix is their 'Explained' docuseries, has an episode on Cults.
Okay so I’ve been to all 3 Raleigh/Cary locations now and they’re all great. I love the food!
Wow tomorrow I’m getting the privilege of getting a cat, I have great people in my life, and all my exams are done for a while... it’s going great
Wow, the respect Roy really still clearly has for Fergie is evident there
He drafted them told him they were the wrong players he skipped over defensive players that were better because he has deals with certain college coaches
If it was nickel night for the Willie special, you wouldn’t get my nickel.
Toronto has really good food. That’s it. That’s the tweet.
Both of my kids are teething and have the same exact teeth coming in.. lol
Someone told me I am like  and I'm not sure what it means but seems like a compliment so Idk (also the duck is out of context but.. y'all need to see it)
This chick is sitting in the car watching her man workout .. tf lol
Gonna ask again because I can't imagine what dinner talk will be like tonight. Really & truly... What do you &  possibly talk about at home with the show she works for? #AskingForANation
I'm begging you in the name of whatever you serve, please don't send anything Independence day to me. Let's respect ourselves. Thanks.
5pm...how do I know without looking at the clock? Dogs are outside my office, scratching at the door and whimpering. I swear...I wish I was fed as well as them, although I do get to eat the entire can for dinner and they only get 1/2.
If they aren’t vegetables, why does Jewel Osco put them in the veggie section? Hey, I don’t make the rules.
That's the best thing I've ever received on Twitter. It was truly great. Very well done and funny. So, thank you
Its the sudden change that people dislike. When its a smooth transition and not just a damn near instant flip most people dont have an issue with it. Doesnt have anything to do with the color itself either. Can go from black to a super bright and saturated teal. Same problem.
I’ve got #Nationals winning the #NLWildCard on TBS.
Every child! "Every child deserves a champion-an adult who will never give up on them, who understands the power of connections and insists that they become the best they can possibly be." #fostercare #adoption matter
 it was worth getting soaked to see you at #woodgate19 enjoyed the whole evening
Tonight begins the biggest and most important week of wrestling. So much of it to get through but yet a new era had begun. Healthy competition is upon us. Let's all just have fun watching it all yeah? Professional Wrestling is cool after all.
Yeah he really ran into the ground with those three national championships. Learn some history moron.
And they blocked me after giving a condescending reply, of course.
Of all the games  has taught me in recent months, this might well be my favorite!
me after working a 16, don’t even have the energy to look for a song to play
Dope, same here! Older WoW, RS, Elder Scrolls are the main ones for me :D
Despair, hangover & ecstasy, impresionante tema indie pop del grupo francés The Dø... https://www.cinconoticias.com/musica-top-the-do-despair-hangover-ecstasy/ …
the fact that theyre giving her castle when its not even her place is whew
I'd love for the  to hire Raul Ibanez as their new manager.
Ya missed one, the biggie. Motivation. Always tougher mentally on players to chase a title after you just won one.
We can’t be friends if you don’t like the smell of cocoa butter
yes, you may be right. i think i dislike the choker too.
In the playoff game his numbers increased each quarter.
He is less present on TV in general. It seems his image and words are less important than the investigations about him. He has lost any credibility, and he seems like a footnote already.
"Science has shown that’s because when kids play music, their brains develop “neurophysiological distinction,” or the ability to discern sounds they would otherwise overlook, according to TIME. https://www.romper.com/p/enrolling-children-in-music-lessons-is-great-for-their-development-in-several-ways-study-says-18755616 … Post via SpreadMusicNow
In the case of the athletes it would be payment for the use of their likenesses or name. And if you have third parties make the payment then it is arguably totally separate from the money the school is giving them for their education and training. /7
Excellent job Mr. President. Hopefully he will also turn the full weight of the DOJ and FBI to get to the media collaborators that were the mesaging arm of the deep state to overturn our elections destroying our Republic's constitution. #LibMediaTreason #EnemyOfThePeople #MAGA
or to put it another way in just about every sport the best female adult teams are about as good as the best jr varsity boys teams in any given team sport
Congrats on the full time gig, I recently started working full time too and yeah it's such a time suck, it makes it so hard to find the energy to do things you enjoy let alone the time.
and I love what looks like a small family in the forefront. Wonder where they were going...
Orange shirts were worn Monday across the country, in honor of those who survived the residential school systems that existed in Canada for over 300 years. Mark Neufeld speaks to educators about the roles schools play today in reconciliation. https://bddy.me/2o2jbie
I voted #CutSchoolFunding on  — because we should make better use of the budget we already have. http://tylt.it/6kCCHd
This latest edition of the Field Guide to the Moths of Great Britain and Ireland has been fully revised, updated and restructured, bringing it in line with the latest thinking in taxonomy. Moths are illustrated in their natural resting postures https://amzn.to/2VvZHBZ
We’ve got a cure for the Mondays. Reward yourself with great wine and craft beer, you made it through Monday. Cheers
LOVE the innovative folks at  They support my kids and all the things that they can create!
After two weeks and more than 100,000 votes, we can officially declare the 🆂🅽🅸🅲🆂 ('84-'95) the best uniforms in Seattle sports. | https://st.news/2oKYEPQ
#ImpeachmentIsComing We have a House Majority for Impeachment. That's all we need. We have to call out Republicans who don't vote for it & GOP Senators who won't prosecute. There are many Senators in states we can take, like Colorado, so we can take the Senate Majority in 2020!
Y’all be throwing that best prospect since LeBron shit around way to much for me. Especially when they get to the league and they just be ok.
Have not been tempted by the tiki craze so far. But this? This is perfect.
https://www.bellingcat.com/tag/trump/ Occasionally look past the page making the good underground journalism. There is a lot you will not find. ;-)
Valid point but from a clinicians perspective, if the FDA has approved its use, it would've been incorporated into the Clinical practice guidelines for doctor to manage breast ca, its use would've been more widespread and there'd be more than just 1 study to prove its efficacy.
Jocelyn is the type of person that will ask about something for the second time to understand, like mind y’all it’s all in the chat but she will still say “wait what I’m confused”
Almost done with the first season of Slayers. Really fun and enjoyable series so far.
Daniel Pemberton is a solid choice to compose the music for #BirdsOfPrey
When a man loves you they will do anything to see you and make time for you. A MAN will go that extra mile, a boy will make excuses. Know the differences ladies
With the personal host record I mean people who actually stay lurking I'm honestly impressed today
The goddess has dreamed all the candle lights; And thus thy rest like the drawn goddess, Is ever clear thou sotted one!
These look like a bunch of pure functions, so no shared state - which means it's SRP even if they are all in the same file. Also, and heuristics like DRY, KISS, SOLID, YAGNI are all things that help to manage complexity of code If the Typescript team doesn't find it complex...
These clips are brilliant as are the comments #weloveourhorses
Channels like sci-fi need to start playing movies like the hills have eyes more, one of the best horror movies of the 2000’s.
And there has been no updates, like announcement wise. Wallaye and Pixxie were just like. "Hey. We r making it again." and then posted it to steam 2 months later. Nothing, no lead up or talking to players even during the alpha 2 weeks ago. Hello what happened are yall okay
Sure the people in my past made me feel like shit but I hope they’re doing alright
Wow nice outfit and whoever rejected you is an idiot and needs glasses cause your very beautiful and pretty percent the truth
very sad I won't be home to play the first official pvz update anytime this week tbh, boss chose such a wonderful time to ramp up out of state jobs....
Come on... he ended up in redemption house mainly because of Natalie... the fact that so many people deny he's good is hilarious. So many people are bias just because they like Johnny. You realize you can dislike someone but still admit they're a good competitor right?...
Its me : Black Noble Drew Ali, came in 3s, we like the Genovese, Sazon season these degrees - its herbs..93 million miles from The 1st.....
Off topic and I love the work you do but I would like to see more focus on candidates besides the top 3. People should be given a chance to make their own choice, the top 3 get plenty of coverage already. Thank you, daily viewer.
Can someone please make a donation to  for me tonight? I made one last week but I can’t swing it today right before the end of third quarter deadline? Thank you! #Tulsi2020 because I want peace & prosperity for my kids & for all of us. http://tulsi.to/fec
Hello, Can I please confirm if you are still experiencing issues accessing the Netregistry and TPP Wholesale websites? ^Frank
As he should! You leftist liberals crimes are coming to a head ! Justice is coming for democrats! By the way democrats should never be capitalized! They do not deserve it!
((  )) The bars in this area were typically quite lively but tonight it was quite solemn. He glanced at the few scattered souls about before taking a seat at the bar, near someone he didn't recognize. "Oddly quiet tonight." He commented simply.
Based on how the rest of the market looks on the macro... It's quite possible that we are heading to new lows. IMO this pump looked like a wave B... Buckle up.
Good news everyone, Gabby has been found. We haven't been able to get him in the house yet, however, he seems to come around during the night and he is fine. (He also seems to have made a friend.)
Can you guys kind of get back to making improvements that the average homeowner might have a chance of doing. We all don't have a $500,000 budget to fix up our places. The show originally was big on sweat equity - now it's big on esoteric stuff that no normal person can pay for
Download Voicemod now for FREE! The best weapon for players and content creators -> - The best real-time Voice Changer - Amazing Soundboard - Collection of over 70 original voices - Voice Maker Troll like a PRO! http://bit.ly/2PO8Qj0 #Voicechanger
The Secret Behind Kenenisa Bekele’s Stunning Revival https://www.runnerstribe.com/latest-news/the-secret-behind-kenenisa-bekeles-stunning-revival/ … via &#039;s Tribe
This boy blew my phone up for the first time cause he wanted love and I've never felt more special.
Oh, we agree. Wyatt is useless but he's saved by DB's awesome comic performance. But the original point was about what's a good use of the character. Throwing him back into the Batie mix would give him a meaty story -- a much better use of DB's talents than silly Flo/Sally stuff.
now the other person knows - why i speak this way - my family history - my cultural influences - my legal rights/obligations
Have y’all realised that the girls on Pinterest are so fucking beautiful
confession time: the main reason i continue to make edits is because it's the only thing i can focus on for long periods of time and watching my own edits calms me down n stops me from overthinking
More photos from our AGM! * Curriculum conversation * Self Care workshop * Members with Dr. Nik * Eric Wredenhagen Registrar / CEO of the CMTBC with Gordon McDonald Executive Director of the RMTBC.
They just want to sew enough doubt, discredit the investigation enough, so that Trump admin can lift sanctions, and pardon Manafort. That's the goal.
anyway. can someone who has seen the movie please confirm with me if ignis is horny
$FB cooled for a second month, settling -4.1% to $178.08, but holding the 10MA. I would favour $TWTR, but then I'm biased.
If you haven’t read it you are missing a good time! Amazing characters, writing, irony, satire...everything that make me happy...also the title has a certain relevancy today.
Maybe if we came together as Americans, we could get some stuff done with a free-agent POTUS that is against Corporate Globalism & the Establishment. U know Trump would do anything 4 popularity. His business benefits from popularity way more than DC payout machine can afford.
What about Saitama and Sasuke? Assuming he has his abilities from the end of Shippuden
no when he is shit he shouldnt be playing, yes he was offered 200k but he just wants to do something else why cant you expect that lol, your calling him a mercenary because he dosent want to sign lol, hes gave plenty of good years to this club if the club dont want to sell him
i bet you weren't bitchin back when smackdown used marilyn manson's the beautiful people
Being a true follower of Christ means you will always be uncomfortable with the things of the world and the moment you become comfortable means you've changed who you worship and your destination once your body passes away.
#SPJ_Facebook: Telling your story. Use videos and Live In the field. Show behind the scenes of reporting. Provide context and analysis. Personal connection with audience. Share news as it happens.
Ok but Incase this is true.. send me the locations. I’ll GLADLY, save your children from getting this candy.
I don't think Kasey has ever been on the Erotic Express, though she is more than welcome. If I remember correctly your wife had a fun time...
Seriously though who in the Trump campaign thought a event in Dallas as opposed to FW would be a good idea? You have a brand new arena opening in FW, in a county crucial for Republicans to hold in Texas. But nope. They decide on Dallas, where Trump and Cruz got trounced.
They do go through puberty eventually though... either by stopping the Lupron if they decide they don't want to transition, or they start hormone replacement therapy. Either way, they end up with a body they're comfortable with, and are able to function in society.
Congratulations to the mayor of #Melitopol #Ukraine for winning the #learningcities19 award ! Learn more about the awardee http://bit.ly/2mdGULU
The #Steelers defense enters tonight having allowed an NFL-worst 442 yards per game and 28.3 points per game (3rd worst).
Thank you from the bottom of the lake to the top of the sky! You have made me a queen for the day for sure! I will savour all the treats, gastronomical, sporting, cinematic, and musical!!
they make too many changes, like folks don't have the time to relearn a whole platform every few months
Alabama Sen. Doug Jones Breaks from the Party and Stands Up for Justice: You Don’t Pursue Impeachment Based on Hearsay https://www.redstate.com/alexparker/2019/09/30/congressional-democrat-breaks-party-stands-justice-dont-pursue-impeachment-based-hearsay/ …
hi i’m selling 3 tickets for the chainsmokers w 5sos, and lennon stella !!! in Louisville KY !!! section 318 row A !!!! for very cheap someone plz buy them
If you see me at the rally, please say hi! I’ll be the guy in the MATH hat #YangGang
the albums were $350 i dunno whether to laugh or cry
Seeshit like this!! He’s gonna be held accountable!!      will not let us down!! We have a smoking gun!! The time is now! We’re gonna get our country back
Big Grande’s the teacher’s lounge - improvised podcast about a group fictional high school teachers. Very funny, start from the beginning
It’s why Donald Trump won’t be President of the United States for much longer. He never was.Donald Trump can’t understand why his plan isn’t working https://www.palmerreport.com/analysis/plan-isnt-working-cant-understand-donald-trump/21323 … via
Small country towns...where they call the police on you because you look different. Nice, thanks people.
They've all sold out and have pledged their loyalty to a man who will throw them under the bus to save his own self. They don't have souls anymore.
Virginia is REALLY corrupt. I think  knows it’s got to be cleaned up before he comes. That said, the Sheriff in my county supports Trump and was at the White House last week and last year! Yeah!
That transcript I hid & then put out was Perfect. It's not original but it's Perfect. It's not word for word but we decided it was Perfect so we put it out. Schiff, and the Whistleblower weren't there and their transcripts weren't Perfect so I don't understand why I'm not a HERO
This is a raw, powerful, chaotic energy that I honestly don't think I can possibly recapture. I commend anyone who even makes the attempt.
The view from the end zone camera shows Barnett's teammate brace his own self for the impact of this dirty hit. The play was CLEARLY over & whistles were blown. Straight garbage is Barnett.
Can’t forget the dog. Safe travels and keep in touch.
Is there EVEN 1 news outlet curious or interested in all the facts and affidavits  brings up?  Even 1?? No one interested??
Hell na, stay loyal... that’s just like if I had a gf and she’s feeling down and stressing me out. I ain’t goin switch girlfriends! But on the other hand it do sound interesting #niggasaintshit
I don't think he'd phrase it like that. "I, Donald Trump, came to Washington to start a great dynasty, the first one in America and the greatest one in history. We will start a new golden age: the Pax Trump."
That amazing Michael Myers needs to be accompanied by the Halloween Theme Song. Nice work!
They can just give me the principle now and I won't collect later. I'd be fine with that.
I honestly can’t believe I’m about to be 27... like where did the time go? Somebody gotta be lyin to me !!
especially African geographics. man, i hope mr bunk is happy wherever he's currently travelling. he was one of the good people there, if not the only one
Bernie Bro's is a myth made up by the corporate wing of the party to minimize all the Bernie Supporters they did the same to Obama when Clinton and Obama ran in 08 i think it was something like Obama Bro's and i have proof but why should i give it to a hack like you ?
Stay tuned for the finale, mean while a special episode mirroring epic fight between tacha and mercy will also be posted similar to episode 3 season 8, this bbn just summarized the whole G. O. T SERIES
Lots of talk about California's new law that will allow college athletes to be paid for their name, image and likeness, a move the NCAA has opposed. What do you think?
Good night. What you are not umderstanding is that the people that control TN athletics fashion themselves as king makers from ancient times. I bid you adieu.
Funny how the democrats do not REALLY want to know who interfered in the 2016 election.
Lol the friend is coming but I don’t want any part of this
Now, I know you love video games, and I asked the clerk... "Which is the one every boy wants?"
https://www.nytimes.com/2019/08/08/opinion/the-squad-democrats.html … Abet the Green New Deal, , AOC & all other progressive movers & shakers as they fight 4 FDR's version of democracy that will bring equity, health care, college, prosperity, freedom, peace, justice & a viable planet 4 the benefit of all.
U can have all the animals and memes U want my friend :)
I'm noticing in my streams, I'm saying the words "It's like..." a lot again and sounding like a high-schooler. Probably a shoddy unconscious crutch I'm using in my speech in order to explain things and create dialog. I'm gonna catch myself next time though.
Lookie here AMERICAN ENTERTAINMENT + NEWS COMPANY donated2  MILLIONS of $$via their various subsidiaries WOW LOOKIE HERE  #SHAREHOLDER LOOK AT ALL PROFITS  DONATED2  +DOESN'T INCLUDE $2  +  the RAPIST
I’ve got #Nationals winning the #NLWildCard on TBS.
Who picks up their first win of the season? Andy Dalton and the Bengals or Mason Rudolph and the Steelers? Monday Night Football kicks off around 5:15 p.m. on 750 The Game! #SeizeTheDEY | #HereWeGo | #MNF (: Getty Images)
Landing the ship on a planet where it's basically always autumn, breaking out the flannel, and going for a nice walk
Listening to some favorites today. I'm so happy to share the music of  with our children.
《 brighten up my twitter with the 14th picture in your camera roll, no matter what don’t explain, have fun and play along pls pls pls then copy this using the number i give you！》
Hungary! Next stop on the Which Rightwing Despots Can We Get to Help Discredit Our Own IC Tour
Finally got a ticket to see  tomorrow night at the  and I’m beyond excited.
I do apologize that your refund was not able to be processed. Please provide the store location and the order number, so I can document this matter to senior management.
Never na mangyayare yun the way im happy a long time ago
This Maine home is filled with lovely antique pieces collected by its owners. Hopefully, this serves as inspiration to call back to the past in your home. http://insidethemarket.info/jQndr
At 11am which is midnight KST. Lol Check out the clock!!
I said I ain’t fw no girl from sb but I follow this substantial bunny from the Hill got me rethinking
The best relationship is when you can act like lovers and bestfriends at the same time.
#6milenation still cranking the big bull reds #6milefishco #6mfc #brandambassador #fishingapparel #fishin #florida #staugustine #6milelifestyle #letsgo #follow #coolfishinghat #fishinghat #awesome #fishinggoals…
When  isn’t promoting the podcast Meanwhile  can’t get past his #ArizonaStateHate
Im a republican, used to be a moderate. There are millions like me. I won’t tolerate bullshit. Right now the smell is much stronger on the left. Ideas and people win elections, not congressional hearings.
The football team he covers is tanking so he pretends to be interested in the baseball team.
like what if we all just stopped paying taxes... what the government gonna do? send us to jail??? with what tax money???
Thank you for working hard for the American people the USA ! Praying daily!
You’ll see the volume change on your hair as well, I have very curly hair and it helps it stay neutral but yet seem like my own natural curls!
I earned the Hero Trials High Scores in Clash of Lords 2! Think you can beat me?
My friend gets that by working in the robotics industry. All of his flights, meals, uber rides, and anything from when he leaves the office to go to site until he returns to work is covered by the customer. He flew here on his way back to hang out and
Namjoon is actually like my bff up to the point that my friend listens well and gives the best advices and support but not before we call each other stupid old beaches
Unlike Fox and other pro trump media outlets that honestly do not know the difference between opinion and fact . . . or the difference between lies and reality or truth or . . . well, you get my drift.
*Puts Switch on Christmas list even though it's 4x the upper gift limit*
I’ll never live in a city that’s more than an hour from the beaches, probably less than that to be honest. I’m not a drinker or foodie so I couldn’t care less about bars and restaurants. I just need an awesome gym and friendly people.
Excited to announce that the COUGAR PRIDE Marching Band will be performing “THE RIGHT SIDE OF NOW” at the Hilliard Marching Band Invitational at 5:30 on Oct 12. Much more information coming soon!! #goband #TheRightSideofNow
what's good for the goose is also good for the gander isn't it above the law democrat privilege CNN's Chris Cuomo: It's Okay That Hillary Campaign Colluded With Ukraine... https://youtu.be/LeOGnzy-uHs via
Agreed on two, unless you've spoken on the phone, then lay out that funky nickname
Se solicita acompañante para ir a ver The Joker el domingo
Play the reverse card and try and lure her into your own pyramid scheme
An excellent reminder to look at the biggest picture and feel grateful to get to be here.
 I just wanted to thank you Sir for your service. It was a tough time in our Nation and the service men and women did not get the proper respect and support from many of us in our Country. I want you to know there were many that held that respect + admiration 4 U all.
Check out this harvest of adorable handmade fabric pumpkins! They are now in my #etsyshop and I’m taking special orders for sport teams and sizes. Check out the link in my bio! k.elizabeth… https://www.instagram.com/p/B3DfmlXhW-lOl9sYRi3Y7Y6uDT4JdOsTTMUfUU0/?igshid=h8qo7stuicig …
Here in Boston everything's starting to get retrofitted with bike lines, which is great! ... except that for some reason some people bike the wrong way down the bike lane, which has led to some pretty spectacular crashes.
'Buy now, Pay later...' - It sounds to good to be true, but what are the traps of #Afterpay and #ZipPay, and how could they impact your borrowing capacity We explore these issues in our latest post here - https://loansuite.com.au/blog/afterpay-and-your-credit-score/ … #afterpay #borrowing #borrowingcapacity #mortgage
When society is unequal collapse is inevitable but there’s always hope for tomorrow if we make the right decisions. #Somalia #Mogadishu #Garowe #Burco #Kismayo #Hargeisa #Borama #UnitedNations #UnitedStates #WashingtonDC
This is why I am a PPC member. You expect this sort of thing from the Liberals not Conservatives. Very foolish MR. SCHEER!
The Crowdstrike/Ukraine situation he's referring to in your post is from the 2016 election. Also, there's this (courtesy of Bill Clinton) which makes it legal for him to ask Ukraine for assistance: https://congress.gov/106/cdoc/tdoc16/CDOC-106tdoc16.pdf …
Hands up if you need  to have the night of his life to save your fantasy matchup this week.
Funny typo of the day: "We will be adding some additional file extensions to the BockedFileTypes list" *bock, bock!* *bock, bock!*
I have lots of professional wrestling to catch up on. Lol You are the 2nd person to mention hockey to me today!
It’s been a lifesaver! I can say, “this is a WOW question,” and suddenly the level of participation quadruples.
They put duty and honor before there own death you got to respect it.
DomoFact:Depicted in an ancient French spiritual, Domo was a young boy who had dreams of crossing the Rubicon. Although many didn’t understand his desires to, he sought out to complete this mission. Eventually, Domo was the man to complete manifest destiny in pre-modern Indonesia
you got this, I know everything seems like the end of the world right now! but you can wake up and try again tomorrow, starting the day right with a smile on your face and saying I AM THAT BITCH LET’S GET IT!! you’re amazing Liv, no one hates you honestly
Can anyone make me a clean header really simple one with the solar logo?
good morning n good luck to the baristas for the  coffee day promotions. happy working!
Life too damn short to be angry and to be taking shit for granted. So make sure your loved ones and the people closest to you know that you love them. Anyone can be here one day and gone the next, this life we live is unpredictable so cherish it while you can.
Let me help you out with your tweet. AG Barr is keeping his promise to our country by investigating in the 2016 election interference and Russia collusion hoax.
Wow. Interesting interview. A very credible source. A former member of the Ukrainian parliament and adviser to Ukraine's president told CBS News it was a "well-known fact" there that President Donald Trump wanted...
Aparently half asleep me subs to 5 people before bed....oh my wife is going to love looking in the bank tomorrow. R.i.p me. Night all
I think the festival was on a knife edge for possibly pausing but they rode it out and I am forever grateful
I wished you the best of all this world could give and I told you when you left me, there's nothing to forgive
can't sleep and the huge hug my ex boyfriend just gave me in his sleep said it all about how hurt he is that I'm leaving I was never able to find true rest in his arms but the fact I'm not hurting alone is a weird comfort. I appreciated those arms trying to say it's gonna be ok
Sort of ! It's a camper we bought gutted and rebuilt as a fully functioning house. Its def worth the investment. 3 years into it so far!
Got em another one for the hangout at gitmo DJT2020 GOD BLESS ALL PATRIOTS
Peeky looks like he wanted to give rhe downspout a good whap with the paw.
Absolute shambles how our fans didn’t appreciate Jose Mourinho enough. Makes me absolutely sick infact. 5 finals in 2 years. Wins 3 of them. Gets us 2nd with 81(!!!) points Yet it’s a fucking Glazer puppet with 5 wins in 21 that gets all the time and patience.
I hope to never hear from them after the ship is sinks
a reading for my masters includes this gem: These worlding stories bring attention to both the limiting effects and ethical potentialities of everyday pedagogical encounters, particularly in relation to possibilities for new ethical accountabilities in multispecies relations.
gente, fora marvel, vcs já tiveram fc pra que? eu tive pra spn depois pra the 100 e agora marvel (multifandom na real né, mas + marvel)
They get the pass the day they are taking the bus. Before school works great.
...are more global - pay, respect etc. I'd add the rise of the edu-business taking over exams (and now exporting that all over!) and the fact that Wales and Scotland seem so far apart from England - it as closer in my day. How's that for a start?
thank you - it's a blessing to still be alive. life is a gift, and i want to make the best world possible with that gift.
Kimberly's fat milf tits rested on Aster's back as she started forcing the fat knotted cock harder against his ass. She began to use her hands to spread his cute boy cheeks hoping to help her cause~.*
SPONSOR SPOTLIGHT: Cheers to ACEC California’s Orange County Chapter for sponsoring our #StrategicSummit19 Welcoming Reception! Register Today to join the fun: https://bit.ly/2KBuJRv #summit2019 #buildingabetterCA #ACECCASummit #ACECCalifornia #engineering #development
I bet onigga sick that lil kim being honored at the hiphop awards lmfaoooo i know she really pissed at BET rn for calling kim the ORIGINAL queen of hiphop.
FREE LACROSSE CLINIC FOR ELEMENTARY SCHOOL BOYS AND GIRLS THIS SATURDAY! Spread the word! Coach Noteman and team will out you through drills and teach fundamentals of the game! Learn from the best! #GreenBlooded…
Gears 5 with the Fam at http://twitch.tv/mrfingerz hope to see you in chat <3 you all #stronghandarmy
When you love something, don't give it up without a fight, because you have to fight for the best things in life. Oha oha lban fandom RT sa Twitter Like sa IG Love sa Facebook #LouDre
Keep seeing #GetReady for Brexit ads; they all sound like more work, bureaucracy and cost. When will you advertise the opportunities? #GetBrexitGone #Brexportunities
Clear out the entire LVG/Jose era stain. Current starters from the back up become subs where they likely belong and we recruit proper players who actually have heart, intensity and effort couple with proper footballing IQ and pride. 6 new players are needed. Let’s get 2 in Jan.
Atlanta (for the love of god someone take me back to simpler times)
I agree. One of the good effects of using that term helps us separate the sin from the sinner.
“The fact that Republicans have such specific and wildly positive expectations for Barr’s probe is a foreboding sign.” http://nymag.com/intelligencer/2019/09/william-barr-trump-deep-state-australia-britain-italy-ukraine.html?utm_campaign=di&utm_source=tw&utm_medium=s1 …
Lol! But last year tho Dont come out the house looking that good no mo
um estilo musical the strokes, arctic monkeys, panic at the disco, fall out boy, o falecido my chemical romance, etc
Best scenario for the Chiefs is if the Broncos keep Harris through the season, and he sign with them in the offseason. There is no way they trade him to the chiefs.
I said I'd start reading sha po lang but I'm on around ep 10 of cql (watching with gf) and I'm back in mdzs hell & rereading the novel too some of the choices they made with the plot of cql sure are interesting huh ... but it sure is addictive and xue yang's face is amazing.
And being a Toronto lass I’m really hoping the WP win.
This perfect sunset flight, at the end of discomfort & the beginning of amazing days, is a reminder that no moment will stay. Be so grateful if it's special. This one won't be forgotten anytime soon. Life isn't about what's next, it's about now. #October1st #TuesdayMotivation
I don't need my followers to help support the things I say. I read my timeline and respond accordingly, if you disagree -- too bad. It was an honest response on my behalf and the last thing you can be mad at is honesty.
So Hilary Clinton and the DNC knew 3 months before Trump was even the candidate that he would win?
we in the future like we setting resolution. Almost October, it ain't over. Still standing, we getting to it!
ON AIR at WSER-Medivalpunk: Blues Saraceno with Save My Soul (the men who built america) | HD. Listen on,
I wouldn't be terribly shocked if Marvel Studios takes the Simu Liu/SHANG-CHI route with the roles of MS. MARVEL and MOON KNIGHT hiring actors that fit the exact background of the characters they want to bring to the MCU. Their casting people know what they're doing.
Where compliance based activities are involved (eg driving), a balanced system of - & + reinforcement will give us the best opportunity to achieve the desired result. #DriverSafety #EveryLifeMatters
Road trip! This Kentucky native Titans fan is rooting for the Bengals tonight! #heinzfield #gobengals #MondayNightFootball
TL;DR from the post. - The Mod Booster will also be available free in Sorties and on Baro Ki’Teer. Warframe Loot Abilities will again be able to yield multiple-drops from already looted corpses. Important note, hotfix/update/whatever undoing the loot nerf coming soon.
I had a dream the other day I got a job with  .... #dreamjob #inmydreams #iwish
oh yeah it’s still sep 30 on the other part of the world so hbd asuna & me i guess SKDKKSKD
my best friend literally the love of my life: i really want this book ://// me, activating my sugar mommy mode: say no more said book is arriving tomorrow at her home
Awesome swing! Hope he gets the batting average up next year, he is fun to watch.
#123, French Proverb God heals, and the physician takes the fee.
I voted for #BTS in #TheGroup! Submit your votes for the E! People's Choice Awards at https://eonli.ne/2YRNUiS #pcas
-An offspring is a gift, yet also a challenge -Skyline Bnr32 -Inspiration is always inside of you -Being a big influencer or a small content creator, the love and quality is what matter
 Thank you for the many initiatives you have made for PlayStation. Also, I particularly thank you for your great part on bringing back many PS1 franchises for old school fans like myself. I wish you the best of luck on your future endeavors!
Shout  for the dope jersey, will definitely buy more in the future
Baited them properly & blew an even bigger hole in the DNC by drawing attention to Crowdstrike. Giving Rudy all the cover he needed to stumble into the Biden issues while investigating 2016 collussion origins.
#BeholdingAndBecoming is a book about aligning our perspective with Christ’s and being shaped into His likeness in the challenges of our everyday. Get your copy: https://amzn.to/2lOBCG1
Yeah the alternate arts of them. I think at least 1 of them is guaranteed, I got Slifer and Ra in mine.
The U.S. Trade Representative’s office has refused to grant Apple a reprieve from 25% tariffs on optional components for the Mac Pro. https://st.news/2oM3JHD
So apparently Trump is basically threatening civil war. What a big man baby. This is why you don’t elect uneducated rich swines as president of one of the most powerful countries in the world. I hope America pulls through and does better.
Best scene of the THREE God Father movies. “My name is Vito Corleone” “Oh you took the name of the town....What was you father’s name?” “His name was ANDOLINI”
I appreciate your voice. Its refreshing to hear a Hollywood star that doesn't appear to be part of the Satanic pedophile cult.
I see the catch here! Let these student athletes make money in California so you can tax them to give away free healthcare.
Look what I signed up for!! If you’re a Disney Visa Card holder, today’s the last day to save $40 for 3 years!! . . disneyplus #GoodDeal #DisneyFan #bingewatch
The goalposts of that test are constantly moving, and when challenged, their go-to counterargument is always to accuse the dissenter of pedophilia or support thereof, because defending our right to fiction (free speech) entails defending everyone's right to any kind of fiction.
Oh I know but media will protect him as they are now.. plus he will be the most formidable opponent for DJT during debates & everything
Please support the campaign and get your copy. #music #love #money #chrisbrown #weed #party #fun #motivation #confidence http://itunes.apple.com/album/id1 466785335?ls=1&app=itunes
That is all antifa engages with is the aged and infirm and why are they not in open carry states
(me: *writes elaborate poetry and short stories about the glory of Elias, sounding reasonably intelligent* also me: what if... CAT ELIAS.......)
So excited about all the money I’m saving, rip my social life tho...
The spread of this level of compositing and retouching as it becomes democratized in  is going to be interesting to watch.
We alway have to S.O. a scvelbey, pretty sure it’s the marathon.
Omg yes !!!! That’s how it is where I live too. I live in Louisiana and omg the weather sucks . I’m ready for my sweaters
The comments on Facebook are hilarious. One pointed out the place setting is missing a salad fork and tablespoon.
thankful for all the ways this is already happening tbh
This one is waist dancing with those beads. She should go and take lesson from kobbi abi koddi abi kora on IG. The babe that just gave birth... biggie should ask for a refund or not pay full for this dance. Belly dance ko. #BBNaija
#XAnon has a few questions... 1) Has Mexico paid for the wall? 2) Have they locked her up? 3) Have they drained the swamp? 4) Are we winning? 5) Has Trump shot anyone on 5th Avenue? 6) Have the best people been hired yet? 7) Does the president still have the best words?
I posted on ig that we gonna go around the table on my bday and say what we love about me as a joke and ppl actually telling me what they love about me love u
I was going through my drawers over the weekend trying to declutter and I came across my deck of tarot cards... needless to say I'm getting back into learning how to read them so someone pls come over and let me do a reading for u
Hi Matthew Cars are not the problem, even the car salesmen know that. After all, who do they pitch their sale at? Cars are built for a purpose & the sale is aimed at the driver because he/she is in control.
Our second meeting of the semester is this Wednesday! WIB will be attending the Suit-Up week event at 5:45 pm in the new classroom in the CBA! Join us after the meeting in room 142 for cookies! Membership forms and dues must be turned in then to win a raffle basket!
My god this woman is a creep. Thank the same god that only 20% of people are daft enough to take her seriously..
fine, we will call it skull crashing-fast-violent-graceful-beautiful-tough-team-struggle-prolate spheroid ball if it makes you happy, just let me watch the damn game now you super nerds...
2019 ANZ Fiji Excellence in Tourism Awards to be held on the 14th of March next year #FijiNews #Fiji https://fijivillage.com/news/2019-ANZ-Fiji-Excellence-in-Tourism-Awards-to-be-held-on-the-14th-of-March-next-year--k2r95s/ …
AI: The Somnium Files is sooo good, the end is really nice, my only issue with the game is the lag/loading and occasional slightly glitchy models.
Is everything okay on yalls side of the alternate reality...?
I love when my twin and I end up making the same thing for dinner #twinning
When you’re into the seasonal change, but want things to happen your way. #spoopy #Disneyland #downtowndisney #kawaii #pastel #lovesit #fall #autumn  Disney District
Good to see some Lancers near the top of the list #LancerNation #LancerPride
The Diaspora & allies in NY, NJ, ATL, FL and DC should JOIN at once the final push for Haiti's self-determination. Get ready to send a message to our "so-called friend" that Enough with the meddling & blind support for this puppet.He is causing more harm than good in the region.
That’s amazing. It’s really challenging to push yourself like that. Sometimes I think we get negative thoughts that lead to self-fulfilling prophecies when just pushing ourselves out of that rut can alter the outcome to our benefit
“Its critical that we give people space to explore, understand, and tell their stories. I’m not responsible for anyone’s story.. but I have accepted responsibility for creating and enhancing spaces where people can take the next step in their stories.”
Is that the sore loser in u tweeting. Of course it is. U assumed cowgirls would win eithout DB & thought it would be easy but it wasn't so keep crying & excuse,making
If you guys had to choose one current belt holder, that you would love to not be a belt holder. A fighter that you would personally, love to remove the belt from them.Who would it be? #UFC243 #UFCCopenhagen #UFC #MMA #MMATwitter #TuesdayThoughts #TuesdayMorning
It was an honor to screen ’s 2 gems of Music Videos tonight at our fun Cine party at the
The top newspaper in Nebraska continues to show little or no national or international news on it's front page --- says a lot about difference in personal interests --- or, like state controlled media in Russia, China(?) Impeachemen inquiry doesn't exist in Omaha?
We definitely try not to! Come on over to the #FIOSFAM! ^KRT
Connected through the old  plus communities. They were looking for a class to discuss gender inequality & it worked out perfectly for our sociology class.
A couple years ago a friend was going to paint her portrait & asked me for a mix cd of her singing. So I made her one & got introduced to JN at the same time, great stuff. Sad I just called the painter to tell her, said she’d JN has been sick for awhile
What's even ""better"" is that he gained +100k net new followers in the last month
Shiloh Administration and Office staff sends love and support to the Sullivan CUSD #300 community. #onetribe
may the month of October be filled with blessings, good God
I'm entering to win a gaming laptop, new PC, $500 GMG card, or an Intel Core i9 processor! Check out all the ways to enter #IntelGaming #Contest: http://playonintel.com
Can't wait for this day to end and stream Dear My Dear album I will not able to stream it on time but please fam, make sure our Jongdae will sit comfortably on the roof ~
I’m Early but it’s my favorite time of the year http://WillieMonroeJr.com/shop/
"In the modern world of business, it's useless to be a creative, original thinker unless you can sell what you create." -David Ogilvy
the sunset is consistently prettier than i am & im upset about it
Top 15?....he might not even be on the top 15 guards list
Yup, The pelicans gonna be motivated and waiting for this matchup for obvious reasons, as a lonzo and Ingram fan, I’m super excited for this game.
You’ll wish you hadn’t posted this. Have the balls to keep it up.
Hi Neil. I'm the person who wrote the original tweet you retweeted. Funnily enough I wasn't referring to the unfortunate neurological condition. Autism has two meanings. I was referring to the second. You don't owe anyone an apology.
RNC solicited money for Trump’s reelection with forms that look a lot like the official Census https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2019/09/30/rnc-solicited-money-trumps-reelection-with-forms-that-look-lot-like-official-census/?tid=sm_fb …
One of the best sequences in OP. Announcing the Supernovas
landed a page in the latest Skate Jawn mag, feelin blessed
Not a candy but the pretzels in the little Halloween bags have always been my top fav lol
Here’s the tl;dr version: Baxter has a torn labrum and fractured bone in his shoulder. It’s possible he could attempt to rehab it and, if all goes perfectly, return in ~2 months. But that carries more risk. If he opts for surgery, he’ll likely miss the year and redshirt.
Looks like the majority of people think differently
Yes I'm aware of that Barr senior got him a job at Dalton. I want to know the nature of AG Barr and Epstein if they were ever really chummy and if Barr went to Epstein's properties especially near the time don the con had his fundraiser next door in May 2019
To the best of my knowledge, here are the publically available facts re the questions you raise:
At least it’s consistently staying in the top 65...
Not a fan of the band personally, but props to them for buying art from my buddy Jon Self for their t shirts. Glad to see they're supporting a variety of artists.
It’s about to be October and the ONLY thing I’m excited for is postseason baseball
Find the same in Toronto. Saw a guy yelling today at the top of his lungs and nobody tried to help.
Personally what I wish for is that the headline means someone will actually investigate those running the country, that is however a loose term. ... and as we know nothing will be done...
Anyone what a good read for #Halloween #junjiIto #manga #horror  the #anime wasn't bad either
That would be really great. Lyndsey could be the "Chef". Great time had by all.
Clearly a choice had to be made. Chicken breats or garbage bags? A choice was made but was it the correct one?
I'm more interested in the schema presented to clients than I am in the implementation of the resolvers.
I’ve got #Nationals winning the #NLWildCard on TBS.
I can listen to somebody play the piano, the violin or the saxophone all day. realllllllly like heaven to my ears.
It’s the greatest example of bullying from the tolerant left. Can’t t watch anymore. It’s cringeworthy and I just want to go have Meghan McCain’s back.
Using JS I have created an enterprise desktop software that is now literally the most advanced escape room software in the industry. It features networking capabilities and even more. It’s secure and works with licensing. All in JavaScript.
 THE PRINCESS MAE OF PH.! BELATED HAPPY BIRTHDAY SISSY
Religion is protected under the constitution so that still doesn’t deny her rights .
“Train up a child in the way he should go; even when he is old he will not depart from it.” - Proverbs 22:6 * Jack was such a trooper today in helping out with the 11th annual Cobb Diaper… https://www.instagram.com/p/B3Dfm2-l1FBaoiEeA3XRg-xTNjlaZlaOINICgM0/?igshid=5cq9pf2j5s62 …
` JUST DONATED ... HOPE YOU ARE ABLE TO GET THE NEW CHAIRS SOON! ~ Deb ...
When they’re chasing you out of town, make it look like you’re leading the parade.
Russia says transcripts of Trump-Putin calls cannot be released without mutual consent. Bad enough they threw the election, now we're taking orders from them? And that's OK with tRump's base? If it is, they're even more brainwashed than we thought.
We’ve already taken over the page of the Weird Governor from NY. Do we need to take over yours as well?
That makes three - New Haven Banner http://www.newhavenbanner.com/21/post/2019/09/that-makes-three.html … Thanks to the banner for taking the time to interview the new guy! #GladToBeHome
“ unbelievable “ is the most binge worthy show I have ever watched
Incredible. As someone who shares season tickets, I honestly wouldn’t miss it for a second if I gave them up. I couldn’t tell you the last time I looked forward to going to a regular season game.
Sasha's personal interests cooking, photography, traveling. She's a fan of the Green Bay Packers, according to her personal Instagram page.
I don't want to go home...but I gotta. Thanks again #TwitchCon #TwitchCon2019 The Time Sweeper will make an appearance next year in 2020.
I have 2 days off over the next 16 days Someone $end for me to treat myself to something relaxing. #findom #femdom #BBR
Oh wow Ok don't mind me I'm blind and do this all the time. This is why it takes me 1 hour to read a paragraph
 $Laundry activities should be up for grabs w/ the Bidens as well... Do not forget #LyinLiz Search Amelia Warren Tyagi Demos Working Families Party got 45k form Amelia via Demos for ENDORSEMENT by WFP! Warren is a CROOK as well!
Their  it all. If anything I rather see it as imitation is the highest form of flattery.
Every happiness in life you don't deserve to strive so keep smiling all the way! Wish you and amazing birthday
  I will purge the heretics from the moon BLOOD FOR THE BLOOD GOD
I’m beginning to wonder if the Second Hand Info whistle-blower’s First Hand Info ‘witness’ might not be an anti-Trump Ukrainian government official and this change to allow second-hand info is trying to get around that the original source is not even an American.
From a Valla fan to this Glads one. Never are we on the same side of the map...but this guy is always 100% class always. Well said and cheers. And good luck to all the Sentinels out there, we’re rooting for you.
#MondayMotivation  fans. JOIN & #RISE! 8pmET /5pmPT  2nd HIT #StarWars Show #RuleOfTwo!  &  on: Is the   Project the Lucas Trilogy?; & MORE!; #HeroesVillians (On All Podcasts)https://youtu.be/dW-43bbi70E
You can be the captain but don’t forget our supreme leader
I just want to provide you with the love & happiness & other great things I have to offer
I couldn’t agree more, but let’s leave the puppies out of this.
She did it again!!! I made vegan coconut chick pea curry with mango chutney, tostones and naan. Legit top five meals And last night I did bbq wings and sweet corn and the night before that lamb steaks with squash, cornbread and greens. Martha Stewart could never !!!!!!!!!!!
Finish strong and do all God has called you to do. He has equipped you for the season you are in.
Nice start to the sunset this evening Sitting out to capture what is left before it goes away.
Since the PS4 launched, Jack Tretton, Andrew House, Adam Boyes, and Shawn Layden have left SIE. John Drake, who seemed instrumental in making the PSVR a success with third-party game deals, also left this year. Could all be unrelated, but worth noting.
October and let the battle begin in Three....two.....one Yikes :)))))) HAHAHA Goodmorning *.*
I have had some strong Opinions over the last 2 months. A lot of what I said, has now become Fact! If the rest become reality, America & Her Constitution will be saved!
I FUCKING DID IT IM HOME THE DAY IS OVER THANK THE FUCKING LORD
I CANT EVEN EXPLAIN TO U HOW MUCH I LOVE IT HOW AM I SUPPOSE TO PICK MY NEXT ICON BETWEEN THE TWOFJBDKDDK
New post (Guitar Success System - The Only Guitar Course You'll Ever Need!) has been published on http://CoolTuff.com - https://cooltuff.com/product/guitar-success-system-the-only-guitar-course-youll-ever-need … #Guitar Success System - The Only Guitar Course You'll Ever Need!
So I lost my  autographed picture when  destroyed my bag and my autograph coming back from the home opener. I can’t thank  for sending me a new one. My man you are a real one and I can’t thank you enough for this. Thank you so much bud.
Idk how y’all find full outfits at the mall. I only ever find pieces of a fit
All right I just listen to the whole album. I like the storyline it slaps. The song why brought back memories and I heard that song get it up before. Dope
Her teach said she's amazingly kind to everyone, and that all her peers adore her, which confused her when she recalled what I had sent in the parent intro email at the beginning of the year where I was worried about her making friends (like any parent would)
"My body is the softest triangle with a hose attached, strong and useful and all the way sweetheart."
The artistry here  is just staggering. Congrats to everyone who brought this story to life! #warcraft #blizzlife
Open your "On Repeat" playlist on Spotify, post the top four songs and let your followers decide if you have a good taste i already know the answer
Amazing Teenage Girl Bedroom Ideas For Small Rooms - The Mom Shopping Network https://momshoppingnetwork.com/amazing-teenage-girl-bedroom-ideas-for-small-rooms/ … via
Oluwa oooo My sch fees documents isn't here but I'd snap my ID card to show proof of me being a student Pls if God can touch the person to look at my situation I'm a 200 level student in Uniben and exams would soon start Biko help me out  she can bear me witness
Makes sense as well as them resetting the coop wyrmite so there’s 2500 free wyrmite now too
Representative Tim Butler stopped by for a visit at Oly South! Our students had the opportunity to learn about his job in Springfield, ask some questions about government and share what they have been learning in school! #OlySpartanPride
"anyone can make war, but only the most courageous seek peace" Trump
huh, I look at the boxscore and see yet another win when the Seahawks rush for over 100 yards. #runtowin
Great job covering the Halos this season! we can go get Madden.
Sadly home wishing I was there, but seeing those crowds... No thanks! Thankfully I can just close my eyes and vision it all while playing the music in my head on my phone. I’ll definitely miss all the memories watching it every single time I visited #Epcot
The obtainable items could be rotated, altered to prevent such an eventuality from happening too soon. It should work that way also, to keep things interesting.
Because it is not about the social justice issue if the day. Anything else doesn’t matter to him.
Dear God, the Red Rowdies are right next to my section, just in time for them to yell ROCKETS during the national anthem. This is going to be a looong night.....
Everyone the King of Yogurt is live!!! If you havent checked him out yet, you're missing out on some hilarious gameplay and mad love from this guy
To add to that pride, her teacher wants to nominate her for the "Gifted and Talented (GT)" program in Austin ISD, which is the equivalent of Academically Gifted in NC.
Not as much as Margot Robbie. Not even close. She is everywhere right now. You can't miss her. She's been working almost nonstop for the past 5 years.
"I'll keep asking governments for what I want the facts to be." Sure. Totally normal.
 I KNOW YOU KNOW ABOUT ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE BUT I URGE YOU WATCH THIS EXTREMELY IMPORTANT VIDEO ON THE REALITY BEHIND IT: https://youtu.be/RUN8DJJAKJY I WISH YOU THE VERY BEST GOD BLESS AND TAKE CARE: YOU ARE A VERY BRAVE MAN :)
.. it was quiet - the mueller witchhunt passed, the russia hoax passed and people were getting on with business .. the democrats were in primary bickering among themselves and the D party was figuring out their platform and strategy ..
Just about me alone and it honestly stuns me I just hope our friendship never ends and nothing gets in the way of it and causes us to drift apart
Day 4 - Kaohsiung Goodbye Kaohsiung ~ Thank you ! We just spend 1 night here so we booked a hotel with low price, just 480 twd per night for two people but the room is way better and bigger than we expected I recommend the Centre Hotel #AfiTaiwanTrip
Had to install Verizon Call Filter app again. While iOS 13 is sending all calls that aren’t from contacts straight to voicemail, I still get a notification for each call. And I seem to have an increase in spam calls since my iPhone 11 Pro didn’t have the Verizon app installed.
It sounds like a demo. It sounds like there are parts missing, not only lyrics, but parts of the instrumental. It sounds stripped down. So I'm just waiting for the final product.
Oh I fully understand that, and that is where he definitely should have shot at...but I can see why calling out the top dog too
Says the guy who quit rather than risk his career in favor of his principles.
NEW RELEASE! Holly & Ivy Mysteries – Christmas Case Files 1-3 by . https://amzn.to/2Lz1PRT Meet the detectives in the Holiday Crimes Unit! #Christmas #Mysteries #Police #Thriller #Action #Kobo #Nook #Walmart #BookBoost #SNRTG #indipenned #authorRT
Mr. President, Please tell everyone to vote for  in Dancing With The Stars. Giving Sean the W would be the most epic troll of all time, and stick it to ABC. #VoteSpicey
 PLEEEASE fix the ability to “cover up” while running full speed. If you’re protecting the ball, that’s fine.. But you SHOULDNT be able to run full speed swerving defenders while doing so
I be minding the shit out of my own business... I love it
I thought IQ determined income. You should be able to figure something out. Create someplace for the silenced to be heard.
She commented on her "unique way of thinking" and said that she likes to "think outside the box". She went on to say that Amy has "good inference skills" and she showed me some data. My girl is a little more behind in math than I would have thought,
Omg! You really are insane! Great graphics company you hired! Try telling the truth for once!
Thank you! I was really super behind on HTGAWM... Like I only watched the first 2 seasons? Maybe even just season 1. I loved the show but I just watched other things instead. Now I don't feel bad about not continuing to watch lol
 So excited 2 see U Fri. in W-S! Just don't confuse our Old Salem (historic village) w/the "witch" Salem, at least not around a Moravian. ( #lookitup) They do make a delicious baked good though! Moravians, not witches, although I'm sure they also make delicious things.
Hope he is calling the plays instead of Fichtner! Let’s go deep to #80 first play! Fuck it!
I just bought a cool new shirt Scientology is the only true science! The color blue is actually the color purple! Everyone just sees it wrong!
The right way to easily enhance the results you're receiving with your home based business https://blog.workwithjameshicks.com/what-they-might-have-neglected-to-tell-you-about-your-success/ …
Pretty smart! I wish i could say the same about valk im nervous for them gfhdgdh
Honestly, I don't understand what made everyone like her either in 4.. Just because she showed up to help and had to deal with the fake-echo. lol I love Yotsuyu!
it's not like it makes me horny its just the lasers and the music is too beautiful SRY
L'shanah tovah, y'all! To my fellow Jewish educators - I hope the holiday inspires you to ring in the new year with renewed efforts to support your students, and work toward #TikkunOlam - repairing the world, one learner at a time!
some steam games don't have drm, but it's very rare. Don't worry, if Steam ever goes down, everyone will just "pirate" the games they own, if they can't get them otherwise.
The only important thing you need to know is Toffee Apple Chew (Tacy) is fine.
I’m the only lightskin who ain’t put “lightskin” in one of my usernames lol.
They are being castrated. When push comes to shove, they are the ones we rely on to save our nation, families, freedom & all that we hold sacred. THAT is the sacred beauty of manhood and patriarchy & it is being castigated and stripped. Our nature & culture will certainly suffer.
The actual airpods look like an angry praying mantis
Big appreciation post to my best friend Kj who has been there for me and helped me explain things I haven't been comfortable explaining to anyone else I don't know how I would be if it hadn't been for them to be in my life I almost cry at the fact someone could care this much
Awww, thank you for the positive comment, you flatter me too much.
Had a parent teacher conference with my daughter's second grade teacher today.... .... ..... I have the most amazing little girl!! Her teacher said "If I could have 22 Amy's I would" and just gushed about her at first before we got down to business.
 the new  coach shares her journey to finding happiness!
John Newton McCormick (February 1, 1863 - November 26, 1939) was bishop of Western Michigan in The Episcopal Church. He was the author of Good News from a Far Country and A Small Part.
Kids Day at the Texans game this weekend. Such an awesome experience. #HoustonTexans #TorosKidsClub
We're excited to be attending the  Brisbane West event on October 25th! If you're going, check out the details below to register for a FREE ticket! https://accentis.com.au/event/small-business-expo-brisbane-west/ …
 because I love and wanted the game but was forced to buy the collectors edition because everyone bought the regular edition. This is what the extra cost for me, a box and tiny figure . Come on Vblank, you can do better than this. Especially for the price.
"old like the dinosaurs from the 80s" - coworkers 6 year old.
Well, I was very specific to those who said it but weren’t being honest. This wasn’t an attack on you.
And I'd give up forever to touch you 'Cause I know that you feel me somehow You're the closest to heaven that I'll ever be And I don't wanna go home right now
Annie, will keep you in prayer, please find the prayer for the blood of Jesus over yourself and family. God bless you
You think Trump, Barr et al are honest brokers, I do not. You also don't seem to know the law or the Constitution. I suggest you go climb back under your own rock or go find somebody else to troll.
Fun two nights of the music of Queen with the  ! Thanks for having us!  Peak Center
Hm, are you one of the ones that read it bc the TL wouldn't stop spoiling or one of the spoilers tho
The nuclear thing is a tempest in a teapot. 8 of 100 plants would expire under Bernie. 1000mw. About 20B to replace with wind. Easily doable.
Just bc someone is corrupt, doesnt mean they're corrupt in favor of you. Hunter was on the board of a company that was being investigated. We wont know what really happened unless it gets investigated.
The Elders of Zion didn't want to let Morpheus go rescue Neo so what do they know anyway.
Welcome to the JUNGLE. Only Young Men walk out not Young Boys. #ALLIN365#PROTECTTHECITY
The #shake that taste like cake mix! #not #vi #weightloss #noegos
I just read an interview and Matt Reeves said that this movie is connected to the DCEU I guess the DCEU is being softly rebooted when it comes to Batman which I’m fine with
Okay, good. Glad I’m not the only one that felt so awkward watching it.
Let’s address the huge elephant in the room. He’s gay. Period. Do the math....
yes but also the greatest historian that 99% of the british ppl have never even heard of. its a sad reality that 99% know who simon cowell is but not who david irving is. the power of the media is at satanic levels.
Sis I’m sending that right to the rental office atp save me 500
He chuckled a bit as he shook his head. "That's who I'm talking about. He had a little too much fun in the states. He's been grumpy ever since we've returned."
Today's military is a fucking joke. Especially the corrupt SEAL forces. I alone am worth at least 10 of them and I'm an old man now. But then, an oath meant something to me.
I’m praying we get the bat glider because I didn’t get to buy it and now I have enough.
Playing Imperivm to make edited stories with me beign the heroine of them... i was stupid really... fucking stupid xD
#ReCONNECTRevolution Just finished a Masterclass with Lewis Howes the #1 Influencer and Motivational Leader in the world. The best training I've ever attended with quality tools in making an impact in peoples lives. Check out his work for amazing life-changing content.
Gotta admit, with all I've read in September, this blew me away! I'd say this among 10 other things including rescuing the children, ripping organs out of & flat stopping t damm Satanists, has got to b also of top priority! I want to personally feed Kamals/Beto 2 t Robots!
That wide-lackadaisical route seems like he didn't expect Baker to pull out, which is shocking because he should always have in mind that it might go to him. It's weird though because he broke off the line great lol
' Thank you for the trip, I return to the StargateAtlantis universe where there has always been dark matter, Joe; my best thoughts Commander. '
If we all never make society and the world safer, who will? Do things just happen? We all must always reject hatred in all its guises! We all need to focus always on promoting peace, harmony and world understanding everywhere always! We all must always reject falsehood! #Peace!
Heck yes we are! Kansas stands with President Trump and also with the worlds tallest campaign manager Brad Parscale.
You have to go back to 2009's The Princess and the Frog to get a straightforward villain song, and surprise! It's the best bop of the score
Bria asked me to take her & Avah to the fair & it’s gonna happen
Well that shows we are NOT a racist country. If we had done that to Obama the SS (secret service) would be all over that.
Dunno if I'll S Rank all the stages in this game, but I can see Isola's super being a pain to dodge, & she does it twice: Wonderful Rush
We’ll see said the spider to the fly. Be careful what you laugh at because you don’t have a clue what is coming. #Trump2020
Well it’s one of the only places that takes my insurance but idk about their prices tbh. I had to pay some for a pair of glasses I wanted one time and they had me pay 100 so idk what they price range looks like. I could call and ask though
Only if you're the greatest witch in the history of our country.
RIP Jessye Norman. You made a little black girl in Georgia with a love of opera know that she could make it on the stage if she tried her best. I owe my (not so well tuned nowadays) mezzo voice to you. Thank you for being beautiful, impeccable and oh so talented.
Even at face value it really raises the question of what demographic preferences they stated in the first place.
I mean, "Shiny" was great, but Tamatoa wasn't the main baddie; "Mother Knows Best" was also great but not a traditional villain song (F major key, barring its brief dark reprise). In the remakes, "Prince Ali (Reprise)" was removed, and "Be Prepared" was *ahem* pared down
Congratulations to  on being our Her Campus Cutie of The Day! We loved her cute n’ comfy look with a nice pop of green and her very relatable inspo for her outfit. Be sure to catch us on campus and you could be our next Cutie
No. The President can fire him. If he did in this case, I would guess it would lead to mass defections of Republican support in Congress. From what I read, this IG is very well respected. https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/html/uscode05a/usc_sec_05a_01000003----000-.html …
the white supremacist Hungarian fugitive reporting for duty it seems
idk but when babies have little cars on the street irl it’s so adorable
Storyline of ROTS was really good. Acting.. not so much. But still better than the other 2 prequals and the newer 2
In the good memories of our founding fathers. Happy 59th Nigeria #IndependenceDay #NigeriaAt59
I completely stand with you!!! God Bless You and God Bless the USA!!!
Man . . . Some days, the weight of my job is almost too much to carry. Definitely in need of some self-care. #therapist
"Everything falls apart..." She whispered still holding it together as she clung to the hug tighter, trying so hard not to cry.
VERSE OF THE DAY "Blessed are those who mourn, for they shall be comforted." Matthew 5:4
That’s the white supremacist joint pain relief pitchman, right?
You guys were one of my faves. Please keep making things, the skills are definitely there.
A  poll is just about the bottom of the barrel. Even a  poll would have been more dignified. Looks like #Impeachment fever is in the air, and it’s got you coughing and shaking. Good.
I’ve found the root cause of the Falcons losses The only game I’ve been to is the Eagles game 1-0 with me there 0-3 without me My bad ....
First day of the last quarter of the year, hoping and praying that the remaining m0nths will bring m0re joy to us. Heart str0ng fam! #DonKiss | DonKiss
thank you I appreciate it. I want airbrush like it’s 2003 on the front
I refute this! TOY STORY 4 is a movie about Renouncing God To Become Whole!!!!
Thanks for the reminder. I usually have a pretty high tolerance for keeping on the beat but even I'm getting burned out right now. Hearing this from someone like you is really reassuring.
Homebred Blazin Luck (Moo) has arrived in Kentucky for the RRP! Wishing the best of luck to my little sister and our special boy! #FigginsRacing #FresianFire #RRP #OTTB
I took ROTC to get PE credits. But mind you I wasn’t lazy, I just always thought I was fat in high school and I didn’t want people seeing the fat girl running.
Interesting how Barr and Pompeo are getting out of the country so suddenly...
Brah when I be high in the whip by myself I stg I be playing Mario Kart
Now I’m not saying my acne would clear up if I ate better and was less stressed but....yeah I’ll probs just do a face mask and hope for the best
Here's hoping the random reemergence of season 1 characters like Gorka mean that the show is wrapping things up
As a Falcons fan, you could have switched out “Falcons” for “Texans” and pretty much captured the same emotions. They are the same teams in two different divisions. Should be interesting next weekend...
Please help me end the age-old discussion. Best Dixie Chicks song:
We are thankful to the Dunford and Milley families for supporting TAPS and offering care and comfort to the families of our fallen heroes. We salute Gen. and Mrs. Dunford and Gen. and Mrs. Milley and are eternally grateful for their service to our nation.
The pets are only a small part of the problem, as Arena was having optimization issues well before the mastery pass was a thing.
Basically, every college bound highschool kid was introduced to American Puritanism through Hawthorne's Scarlet Letter and Edward's Sinners in the Hand of an Angry God. It's almost like the curriculum was designed by secular moderns with an axe to grind.
Comey though is our returning champion. He's won the award so many times.
Mom: I think you would love being a lawyer Me, a person who hates the law, arguing, courts, and human beings: um thanks I guess
 The Lord will bless you abundantly much love stay blessed
"I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear." -- Nelson Mandela Let's get globally konnected  #강다니엘 #KangDaniel
“The International Day of Older Persons is an opportunity to highlight the important contributions that older people make to society and raise awareness of the opportunities and challenges of ageing in today’s world.”  #ALDUBxADNRespectOurElders
I ordered some Mercurial Superfly II SG’s the other day and boi they sexy
Just cherish the moments and the memories you have with her. Ik its tough I grew up without knowing any of my grandfathers which I wish I met. the memories will keep you going my brother
S/o to   for helping put these chats together. As well as the rest of the  fam this is going to be an amazing journey <3
even more money to be made if you wall off all egress, and make the walls out of cheap plywood. bonus $if you run electricity cables through the building yourself to bypass regulators. could also save some money by not providing fire extinguishers. $$$$https://www.thetimes.co.uk/article/extra-walls-can-double-income-for-landlords-lz97dl7g7 …
Aeneas Coffey staring down at me. He looks like he’s trying to convince me of the merits of column distillation....Sorry Aeneas.....enough of your silent spirit. But I will have a whiskey....  – at Multnomah Whisk{e}y Library
Well, my 7 year old nephew would yell at them and let them know they're in the way of his goal, so some kids are still in good form.
ignore my Frizzy hair but... the light coming in from the window on the front door makes rainbows in the living room....im loving this new house
The stitches are out and the cone is off! I’m backed *and* betterer than ever! And you better watch your back
Truth be told, Clemson does what they can usually... They've been one of the top at non conference strength of schedule every year the past several. Check http://teamrankings.com .
Where are the glasses? I’ll buy em, lol... tho sure u are keeping them!
Ok guys so why follow but not be active? a real question it boggles my mind some people have thousands of followers but there post only have 2 likes. I appreciate all my followers but what is the point of following if you aren’t active with that person you follow? Just curious
THANK YOU!! For putting up with all the democrats BS for the past 3 years and continually fighting for Americans! We love you and will be forever grateful that you are our President! FOUR MORE YEARS! KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
I’ve got #Nationals winning the #NLWildCard on TBS.
ur not battling demons bro u just cant get the fitted sheet on
He's the best character. Mario is a cringe normie and Wario is like his cool cousin or something.
I mean idk about a bad idea lol if it sounds good it sounds good, but Id just want the vocals in tune before anything, I guess I’m more curious if it really matters and what change it has being first vs last
B.o.B. having a breakdown on the internet. But the thing was....never go from pop rap to regular rap lol
Imo sharing music is one of the most fun things when you find people who share your interests
You definitely want this shady character with you on a trip to Europe after it was confirmed you were on the phone during an extortion of a foreign leader.
hella stolen !! post your four favorite characters from a series & have your followers vote on who you’re the most like !!
Btw, I've played the Spyro remake a lot recently, and for someone that played a bit of Spyro 1 in their childhood and have almost no memories of it, it's really good ! Even for today's standards ! (except for some small things that makes the games a bit frustrating for nothing)
Layering approach to painting a detailed portrait. I'm going to call this one Minerva, the Roman Goddess of wisdom. #originaloil #commissionme
Appearance wise, tough But, GOD can penetrate any darkness & hard heart to save one My prayer this year has been for Julian Assange #FreeAsssange = him to hear the Gospel € be saved nJesus name✟
I'm a Giants fan but didnt the Raiders trade for AB ?
This is what I miss. I love the collaboration that our team had. #weputkidsfirst
well I know what I’m going to be watching for the next three hours
Willing to accept the following: - a hug - copious amounts of wine - an eternal sleep
So....the Phillies want to spend $40M/year on Betts after giving Harper $330M over 13 years? Seems like a lot to invest in only two players.
I used to sing this song all the time as a kid when I was alone in my room Jesse McCartney's Beautiful Soul came out 15 years ago
is ur PFP the kid who sings the john Morrison theme song LMAO
Bless your heart collaborative effort from the team, couldn't have done it without them!
I’ve had this on my phone for awhile but it’s not directly related to the untitled goose So good
 Hey Colin, just wanted to say how grateful i am for you and your content. As someone who grew up listening to you, you really are a huge inspiration and positive force. Keep up the good work!
What I find amusing is how dems and RINO's think American ppl will go just along with all this come election day, accept what's going on and vote for who they think should be in power. Do they understand the ppl are at point of #PitchforksAndTorches?
You'll never know when your at the top if your grinding hard
if anyone is interested, i’m doing a super fun spooky disneybound project over on my ig that i’m calling “lizziehauntsdisney” starting tomorrow!! i’m going to make a thread on here as well for the photos of all the looks i do
I could care less about the Super Bowl. I like Rick concerts.
I think the most insanitary thing I ever did was drink honey tea at a Viet bee farm when 6 bees were sipping it and 2 fell in mines. It was SO worth it that tea was SOOO fresh and delicious and they gave us Royal jelly to try too!!
$GLD Gold futures settle below the $1,500/oz. level for their lowest finish in two months, as strength in the U.S. dollar and some lift in U.. https://newsfilter.io/articles/gold-mining-stocks-dragged-down-by-strength-in-dollar-equities-3fd6e31f17a34a7bbc14f72df2890489 …
I claim both coasts; born on one and living on the other. :D Other than that, yep, me too.
Yeah I agree still a ways to go, not matter the consensus opinion on Noonie the bigger the game the better he played.
Are you not in the USA? It's different for other countries. They are specifically shadow banning libertarian conservative and anyone else questioning the mainstream narrative in the USA.
I'd like to imagine that in their entire time together in prison, they never figure out that the other person was incarcerated by Phoenix as well. Like they go "Oh, you know Detective Gumshoe too? What a small world!" But they never put two and two together
Just an update on me stuck in the goose zone: Ok so I found a TV and a copy of Die-Hard 4 Movies In One. I've seen all the Die-Hard movies 20 times by now.
Congratulations to Bryce Parrish, the Farm Bureau Insurance Player of the week against Waldron!
Lol I’m chief shot taker at UT. They are terrible. They’ll have a new coach by December. Thank the lord for Braves baseball and snowy mountains
Oo you should show me them sometime! Always interested about finding out people's sonas.
Thanks for the laugh. GT better than Forza hahahahaha that's a good one.
. : we know there will be more lasting peace with more women around the table at #DemocracyForABetterFuture. Rights. Representation. Resources.
Ohhhhh, ok, they're using the whites only law. Got ya!
I HATE it when people take a minor action/achievement and glorify the shit out of it like you just found a cure for cancer or smth , people need to compliment and criticize as the need require not more and sometimes less
DJ short is the real deal. He is pretty close to me one of my brokers knows him directly. I'm trying to get a cut lol.
Humm..... how about a new law? Those who love and champion "migrants" should be forced to live and work among them. Why only live around people who look like you, if you love and want to help "migrants" to come to Europe and the US? Why the racial hypocrisy? Why the deceit?
The #UN’s special envoy for #Yemen welcomed the release Monday of hundreds of detainees by the country’s #Houthi armyhttps://www.middleeastmonitor.com/20190930-un-welcomes-release-of-hundreds-of-detainees-in-yemen/#.XZKVghid7Yg.twitter …
Apparently  targeted Vontaze Burfict hope he sues the league and wins.
Which I appreciate immensely!! I’m super excited to have some new lingerie on the way, it’s been a minute. Thanks again
Hey friends. Got a big favor to ask. Help us open for BAYSIDE. You can vote once per day, and the support would mean everything to us. The link is in my bio #bayside #battleofthebands #mistakenforstrangers #m4s
I sang a chest-mixed G4 today and these girls started clapping and I had to play it off like hahha omg nooo even tho on the inside I was like
Oh nvm.... u wanna prove what the dolphins did was dumb so ur hoping the steelers win so miami doesnt get a high pick. Smh. Opp.
Not a character artist but trying to better my skills in zbrush, figured out my basic shapes, now jumping into planes & blocking sort out the face. #artshare #art #ZBrush #DragonAge Started from the bottom, now we're here...sorry egg. God I hope I don't ef this up.
Yeah no Archer would flat out drop me and I'm sure Rin would be somewhere in the background laughing as he did.
One the great honours of my career was working with survivors of St. Anne's Residential School. On Tuesday I will rally with students at  as we remember the crimes and pay tribute to the survivors of the residential schools.
An 0-4 Pittsburgh would make this the Best Week Ever
I have a better plan. *He makes an effort to put his things away, implying Moss do the same.* "Last I checked, I have an hour left before you two can leave" Unless you want to deal with Amaya and Ness in the middle of a 'heated' debate, we'll be on our way. "Again? Go on then..."
I swear i've listen to JORO more than 30times  i have been in love with you 4 10years without heartbreak! Lola You remain the GOAT!!!
Threw out the years you were patient with me and helped me out so much. Helped me with a home and always said to trust in God Thank u guys so much for everything. Familia
George channeling his inner  if you see this Lewis my brother really needs a bone marrow transplant and we have NO match. Please RT and get people to join the bone marrow register with a simple cheek swab go to  or
Lisa hugging her fans at the street Lisa really adore Blinks so much! #LALISA #LISA #lisa
 killed it with the new Zone Wars Mode like it a lot especially because you can earn xp from it which is cool!!! Great Job Boys
He knew and approved. Remember, Russia invaded Ukraine under his watch. We were obligated by treaty to protect Ukraine and we stood by and watched. The world lost much confidence in America. Russia was emboldened
Nothing but love to the  family. My heart goes out to you guys. Love you and thank you for all my help through hard times with your music. Wish I was more talented to help.
Line Chef https://www.worldwidenetjobs.com/uk/line-chef-8/ 7 Bone Burger Co - Eastbourne Location : Eastbourne ENG GB The best burgers ...
“They will move Baez and sign the best shortstop in baseball to a 300+ mil contract. The bat speed/exit velocity on his “hammer throws” after a swing & miss is highest in the statcast era” ——Phil Rogers (probably)
The game is so fast and when he sees the pass, the next moment in time is him seeing  in an offside position. This is why VAR was implemented. To help the officials get it right.
This also says so much about how we want our leaders TO ACTUALLY LEAD US. thanks to   & co. for leading the charge & lighting the way
What sad news. Her rendition of Strauss' September is one of my favorites and so hauntingly beautiful. An American Legend for the ages.
Oh yeah they’ve been his favorite dog since he was a kid! He had a rough coat named Windy and a smooth coat named Jake so he had experience with the breed for sure! It was nice talking to the amazing breeder and hearing that she is very noise sensitive (as am I) and this breed
Congrats on the accomplishment man, that must feel so damn good.
I sure hope you’re not part of the working class, kid
All of those would be good topics to hit. It's past time he stop getting a pass for some bowl wins that most people can't even remember the name of.
Let's get a design Justice Meetup going in the Boston area?! Also do you still want to come talk to my students?
Yesterday was a super fat day. Once we hit the donut place it was all downhill from there. #bali #food #indonesia #snacks , Bali
had to turn it up for the family. Who me? Yes, ima free band bandit
Can I just buy the tall Peacemaker patterned shot glass?
I didn’t even read the article i just don’t care for her.
anyway I’m home from Philly now and I am Exhausted but it’s for sure a weekend I won’t forget, shout-out to all the people who made it so special meeting y’all irl was super cool, let’s do it again sometime
Your JV Rams water polo team had a big week going 5-1 against some tough competition. You can read about it here! Congrats to the team and coaches! #RTownRTeams is supported by Team Mortgage Company LLC.
I see the president is tweeting out the super scientific, very methodical, superbly executed, online poll, from a widely respected pollster by the name of... *checks notes* Breitbart news...
Me and Chelsea are planning our joint rosalie mullins debut. Its going well. Neither of us are singing but we have the acting down. I’m Act 1 - one scene. Chelsea’s Act 2 - one scene. Come see us xx
Checking out the new home of French creative quality narrative non-fiction publisher,  @Éditions Delcourt https://www.instagram.com/p/B3DfmUJD0hbfbPZXFM4w1VR_vc58B1GNb-mM8w0/?igshid=1jcp39z044mko …
Hungary THIS IS IT. This is THE Parliament. A legislative building without compare. Gothic af. Huge ass dome. It's RED. It rules over the Danube. It is unutterably gorgeous inside too. TENS, TENS, TENS ACROSS THE BOARD. (Image source: https://edition.cnn.com/travel/article/secrets-of-the-hungarian-parliament-building/index.html …)
Logistics to consider for  If you're attending the  meetup as well. You may want to stay closer to PS so you don't have to drive back right after the party. Newark, DE.
LOL! Who here thinks the Chiefs are the same team with Josh Allen QB?
I’d say the system is failing Botham Jean, but clearly the system cannot fail those who it was never designed to protect. https://dfw.cbslocal.com/2019/09/30/jury-consider-castle-doctrine-amber-guyger-murder-trial/ …
There’s plenty of psycho whacked jobs in the world and that tweet is one of the best examples..
Since April, Héctor and i haven’t had our own place in order to save money for our house and things like that but tomorrow, we get our apartment while our home gets built and boy am i feeling the blessings today
Same for us  - except ours is at the end of a lane in the country ... seems real secure. We’ve only had a two or three packages go missing so far
That’s what I have been thinking, too! Someone must be getting close to the truth.
I can't forget the taste of garlic flavored chicken
This is cute, I love how the turtle is just chillin' with her. Lol
They dont even have Babs on this movie, thats like having having the titans without a robin
Same for overall. If you see a 95-97 or so that’s easily attainable shouldn’t indicate skill. Now 98’s and 99’s it’s probably safe to assume for the most part they can play. Just Bc it’s a bitch to keep and easy to lose.
This is the only thing I'm looking forward to in 2022 but my confidence in there being impactful exposers isn't as high in this country
Keeping that gut bacteria earthy with #pbassist. Day 8 of antibiotics for an ear infection, and these probiotics are keeping me asymptomatic from any side effects. The really special thing about these are the…
I want a gif of your face when you say what the second thread is about. That pause and look just gave me LIFE!
Yeah man I'm over it. I was hyped up yesterday about it but then I went to bed woke up the sun came up and moved on
- her hair. "The werewolves.... they won't join us. That much I know." He sighed and pressed a kiss to her forehead before stepping around the coffee table to sit on the sofa, one hand still holding hers. He finally let the exhaustion from the full moon take him and his -
Alas I have run so far North - thanks - will enjoy run - though not all of the 6 hrs it will take -but loads of it !
Plus i can get all the guns i want there it's hot tho. I wanna maybe go north like Oregon, Idaho or Montana
Wish I had someone to go watch the joker with don’t want to go alone
She will get her pardon and be recognized as the hero she is. November 20.
 happy birthday u fucking legend hope u had the best day n I’ll see u soon my g
I know a couple of Steinman aficionados follow me, so it's worth pointing out that Lena Hall's outstanding Jim-centric show at the Rockwood Music Hall is now up on YouTube. Great gig, amazing voice, and all of it so deliciously camp.
And what kind of person takes out their phone to film the scene instead of helping the elderly couple?
How was that? I wanted to try it since I was staying across the street but it was hard to pass up a free breakfast at the hotel.
and members of the Trump campaign during the 2016 election, according to people familiar with the matter. the President has contacted other countries to ask them to introduce the Attorney General and Mr. Durham to appropriate officials.”
Oh boy this #MarvelUltimateAlliance3 "expansion" is pretty shit in my opinion. I payed money to play as the Marvel Knights only to be given more GRINDING game modes and challenges reahashing the content I've already played to UNLOCK the new characters to continue Grinding
I met the Louisiana Principal of the Year. His “Why” was about providing hope . Instant connection...also a Saints Fan!
The Spicy Chicken Biscuit is an optional and regional item on the Chick-fil-A menu. Its inclusion is a Restaurant-level decision made by the individual Operator. Please reach out to your local Chick-fil-A Restaurant to confirm availability.
Le clip de #Dans_mon_délire on a vu le vrai soolking. Ça sentait comme tu attends juste l'occasion pour t'exprimer en dansant. J'arrêtais pas de le regarder walah    by the way le couplet de blackm wow!
Yeah the guy who played in the league 3 years, coached 27 years, and been an analyst since 2009 loses credibility
Also, this number doesn’t include the budget for the LA County DA’s office, PD, alt PD, and the county indigent defense bar panel. Probably at least another $2 billion annually
Join w Warren The amount of contributions you will get for a Warren/Sanders ticket will be massive. Also that is the best chance to beat Trump which is and should be the goal
I decided not to attend law school 38 years ago and I apparently know the law better than Lindsey.
We’ve certainly been left wanting by the liberals & Trudeau so I wouldn’t be bitching about the conservatives mr Butts!
ooooff when I was sightseeing with the others the previous day, I see a stuffed doll. a fluffy stuffed doll. ..no--not to mention that I love it. That stuffed doll isn't cute at all. ...not cute at all ......... ( ･_･)♡
If the person on Be Alright isn’t saying “I gotta love/hug/hump baboons“ then what are they saying?
who's the prettiest girl in the world? the one i hope sees this bro
I love how we’re all depressed on twitter. Y’all are the real ones
Denzel Valentine has a huge opportunity in front of him... if the fourth-year swingman can rebound from ankle surgery and find his previous form https://www.nbcsports.com/chicago/bulls/denzel-valentine-looks-re-establish-himself-reliable-rotation-piece-bulls …
American left snacks out for delayed Boston flight out of my gate. I’ll come clean, took a bag of Chex Mix. This was after I spent 4.28 for a bottle of Vitamin Water. Like snacks Dexter (Never watched the show but it wasn’t it something like that?)
Thanks to    and the admissions office and IllinoisCollege for awarding me these 3 scholarships. I am very humbled and honored!
That actually makes me a wee bit sad. I see a fair bit of my MP, because I help with canvassing and go to meetings. I've never seen him fail to answer any question as honestly as he could. The only politician who has never answered any question I've asked him, is my LibDem MSP.
The judge tied it to "mistake of facts". My only thing is I hope the judge was only making the jury aware these CAN apply. I hope jury isn't dumb enough to use it. I can see where it makes sense but this isn't it.
listen i saw a gif of chuu on the tl and wanted to protect her so like now i have to stan loona
⠀ lithe digit tucked between two sets of pearly whites —— ( 𝙖 𝙗𝙖𝙙 𝙝𝙖𝙗𝙞𝙩 , she has yet to kick ! ) ⠀ .. ⠀ she was in search of a certain 𝑐𝑢𝑟𝑙𝑦-𝘩𝑎𝑖𝑟𝑒𝑑 𝑏𝑖𝑟𝑑 𝑤𝑎𝑡𝑐𝘩𝑒𝑟, . ⠀ ❛ anyone home? the women at the ⠀ desk said .. ❜ ⠀
Hell yeah!!! I have loved following your day to day of all of the baseball...
grindr experiment #2 asked to see my merch collection and then said "WOW ive never seen anyone who loves shigaraki that much" so the wedding is in june,
Yesterday Mam Jo: Sorry if di ko kayo mamimeet today cause i am sick CCSE Section 2: *yes* Today Mam Thea: Good morning everyone I cannot make it today. I really need to rest. I hope you understand CCSE Section 2; Getwell mam Mam pa check up kana,Mam palaing ka See the diffs?
The only weekly program that makes you feel like you're in the crowd at an indie show.
Eric nailed it on the head in one single swoop. Who cares. Get in get out get the job done.
HOLLAA PARTY AT THE MURILLO HOUSE coming soon........... STAY POSTED
Anyone else pleasantly surprised to see Fowler topping a category for the decade?
Students breaking down Focused Note Taking! Love the work done in the Avid Classroom    #ThisIsAVID
Re-following Donald Trump Jr. Thanks Twitter...It's a friggin' rodeo here. Love the  family!  I also follow you. I know...I know...against  rules.
I wish. A career Democrat Bureaucrat is untouchable. Just like anyone in the intelligence agencies. Unless of course they are Whistleblowers.
Yeah dude... can't deny that. As far as the Raiders go in that matchup... somehow some way, DC needs to find a way to get some positive plays and not throw a pick.
I love all dogs but my dog is a "Boxadore" his mother was prebreed Boxer and Father was prebreed Lab. You get the best of both breeds.
Give the person who drove the red vehicle an award. Probably saved the airline $1 million in damages if it had struck that plane.
tbf word travels slow on twitter compared to the superior Virgania Horsen’s Pony Express
I can really trust my performing arts teacher with my life yk, life she even brought me a sports bra because she saw that i was struggling to find the time and money to get one
Flanigans bang for the buck is almost untouchable , I didn’t particularly like 112 and id certainly rather go to Flanigans 5x for the same price but youre in a different bracket there lol. Kaluz is a cool spot as is Mikes at venetia and for high end steak cap grill down that way
What if... we kissed at the bottom of the escalator to Chili’s at MCO... haha... unless...
Kiddo can't pronounce 'Victuuri' so she calls the new kitten 'Victor.' Hub: I thought it was a girl? Me: She is...? Hub: Then why is kid calling her Victor? I thought it was Victuuri, who named it anyways? Me: Noct....? Hub: Damnit Noct!!! I laugh and dinner burns.
good morning we are another day closer to the dxr delay
The only thing I have learnt from this is that people really don't know how to play Battleships
Same federal protection that had the Epstein problems, taken care of?!
I guess so! [he fastens the keychain around her finger. For funsies.] Heh, who knew? I guess he was here to make peace!
They don’t make them like this no more. He really went out his way to walk her home then stayed out in the side walk out of respect and took his back pack off to stay with her longer. That’s a gentleman. I only hope my son will turn out this way.
A group founded on sexual preference is not about sex, but about attraction, which is not sexual, and not about sex, but has sex define terms and identities defined by sexuality. yup this all makes sense and not confusing in the slightest
お早うございます。はい！エナジーチャージ完了です今日も価値ある1日に Good morning.The energy charge is complete. Let’s have a great day I love you guys Cr: #朱一龙 #ZhuYilong #白宇 #baiyu #澜巍CP #镇魂 #zhenhun #沈巍 #shenwei #赵云澜 #zhaoyunla
Hey! We'd like to look into the issue with you. Can you shoot us a DM for us to have a chat? -DC
I’ve got #Nationals winning the #NLWildCard on TBS.
Would love to see their concern trolling of AOC who has been FAR WORSE on the same issue... *crickets*
Yes, I am a nice person, but if you cross the line too many times, everything can change very quickly
"I have come to realize the true meaning of 'the greater good'. It's never really a good thing in the end, therefore I say let bygones be bygones and move on the best we can."
I am loosing all respect for the judicial system in canada
It’s ’s birthday and Tampa Bay is in the postseason for the first time since 2013. You know what that means? Get to know the #Rays from all angles, from the loudest dude on the team, best dressed and more: https://theathletic.com/1061075/2019/07/12/best-smelling-best-karaokeist-most-likely-to-dunk-getting-to-know-the-rays-because-theyre-not-going-away/ …
The best Disco hiphop reggaeton electro music np Sexy Ladies [Funky Mix] by Akon Feat. Don Omar on http://bit.ly/2JSsudl
 I have a question about the military services Tmobile provides. Could you please DM me so we can discuss it?
It's like Joe does realize the "middle class" was wiped off the map about 11 years ago, when his boy bailed out the banks, instead of giving people the homes they couldn't afford
Looks like the one in the rear was trying to push Halloween in a little early this year ..
Spent the whole month devouring everything! Lovely stuff
Of course I’ve been asking hella questions the entire time cause I find eastern medicine fascinating. Dawg when he started massaging my leg I couldn’t believe how much hidden pain I had in there wow. I wish I knew about this sooner
Similar to Bettman bringing the Sedins out at the draft once we started booing him. Well played.
BUT cuomo.. if a trial is held... a citizen is ENTITLED to be confronted by their accusers ..and .. in this case ..the 1st hand accusers.... cuomo.. even you can see the issues with that...huh...FREDO
Yes! Those who don't see it are in denial because facts speak the truth "Countries and industries that view gender diversity as important capture benefits from it. Those that don’t, don’t." https://hbr.org/2019/02/research-when-gender-diversity-makes-firms-more-productive …
Even if we gotta move in secret I appreciate someone who is willing to do what they enjoy soley for their pleasure and still manage not to hurt the people who might not understand if they knew to me it's honorable
As the leaves of Hellebore Turn to whence they sprung before. And behind each ample curl Peeps the richness of a pearl. ~John Keats, To ****
Despite the fact that this story is from CNN, you might want to read it. If you do, you will see that Schiff’s version of what was in the call was not far off what was actually contained in the memo of the call. https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.cnn.com/cnn/2019/09/30/politics/donald-trump-adam-schiff/index.html …
R.I.P. Jesse Norman. One of the greatest and grandest to ever grace an opera stage. https://www.nytimes.com/2019/09/30/obituaries/jessye-norman-dead.html?smid=nytcore-ios-share …https://www.nytimes.com/2019/09/30/obituaries/jessye-norman-dead.html?smid=nytcore-ios-share …
I pray that the last three months of 2019 will be filled with love, blessings and answered prayers. Claiming it in Jesus' name
This place is so not worth the stress. I cannot wait til I leave.
What would be the plot of a WeWork movie? CEO gets stoned and giggles while people in untucked shirts mill about an open office space?
God knows he did nothing to try to promote himself to sex symbol status. Girl go read the bible in the corner and stahhhhp being annoying!
Walmart expanded its employee education benefits to include diploma programs for opticians and pharmacy technicians, seven bachelor's degree programs. Under the benefit staffers pay $1 per day and the retailer covers all costs not paid for by financial aid https://www.dallasnews.com/business/retail/2019/09/24/walmart-adds-health-care-degrees-to-its-1-a-day-education-benefits/ …
And just kind of ignoring the Sackville-Bagginses? I understand time constraints, but there are a lot of things that happen in the Shire because of Frodo's journey. I wish they hadn't ignored it.
Is this the season where Eleven and the boys go to Hollywood and in order to prove she’s still cool, tries to water ski and jump over a shark? Yes. Yes it is.
I still wipe all the cream off my oreos it’s better this way
Maybe offer to dance with her during the wedding? I’m sure with all the romance in the air she won’t be able to resist
So grateful to Tommy  Smith for the beautiful gift they sent for my desk! I’m blown away by their thoughtfulness! #handmade #personalized #grateful
You said you have a #dream well #rise and #grind. Its your time if you want it to be your time. Dont settle for the old you. Its time to reinvent yourself. Yes it takes work, but what doesn't. Do whats hard so that…
I only had encournters of the 4th and 5th kind, I never seen any UFO in the... https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/Whatre-close-encounters-of-the-first-second-third-fourth-and-fifth-kind/articleshow/41097626.cms?utm_source=facebook.com&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=TOIDesktop …
The real great Patriots are the ones like you who support my efforts to help others!! Thank you for always doing so!! Even under this new one I had to start!! You are the best!!
Bernie is tanking because he's now taking the advice of Brooklyn hipster elitists who care more about g*y s*x than they do about actually assisting the working man with his living conditions
My father worked in the gift card mines for 40 years!
Right??? The gal that made it makes tons of stuff for twitch so we thought it would be fine. I might try to resubmit it.
i almost forgot to post the photos i took of jaemin! we did a few different shots and tried a lot of fun stuff so i hope you all like it :3.
Nothing you and your pal  have said in the last 48 hours is true. Not a thing. Im amazed you can peddle this stuff with a straight face.
I have the greatest luck my friend , and I believe your the best to be my friend l loooooveee yoouuu
They just keep giving the Congress more ammunition to impeach all of these corrupt officials. Truly a banana republic.
Welcome to KC Mr Lopez! I love the way you play baseball
Always the best hits. And now My First Wife Left Me by John Lee Hooker on http://bit.ly/2GGnhn1
the fact that The Rose puts out instrumental versions of most of their songs is truly a blessing
Here's a #writingtip I think every new writer will find helpful: At some point, you will inevitably look at yourself in the mirror, and ask: "Do I need that 14-page scene of a naked Richard Dean Anderson having a drug-induced breakdown?" I mean, yeah. The answer is yes.
Literally in the bathroom at work crying... like when did I get like this?
Halloween on the Rocks with  , and  is SOLD TF OUT! Enter to win EXCLUSIVELY on the Party Guru Production Instagram https://www.crewfire.com/l/k6wlY8TVf-AReGlIfof …
Interesting stat here- Kirby Yates led all of baseball this year with 41 saves, the fewest by a league leader in a full season since Steve Bedrosian had 40 in 1987.
Appreciate this information. What’s are the options available?
Dash's rep in a statement: "Deputies arrested Ms. Dash peacefully, as a formality." Read the statement in full: http://thr.cm/8tUg7D
The people who don’t have a case on their smartphone are one of the world’s greatest risk takers
May the peace of God never depart from us all, Long life Nigeria
I wish I could watch the reunion of these two. Dammit I miss a lot good movie.
Thanks for the best fortnight of sales we’ve ever had on the store! Over 70 orders this fortnight for the spring collection means the world.
omg same, i literally bookmarked scenes i hope to see in the movie
Seeing Tyler in concert and then in his car was the best night of my life
"My dude you impeached a President for lying about having an affair while you were lying about having an affair." Yep, that's acting as if the affair was the impeachable offense, not the perjury. Hypocrisy sucks. Like saying impeach for quid pro quo, but supporting Biden.
And then the flight and the expenses over there.. shit is not gonna be 300 lmao
But we cannot let #Sterigenics simply move shop into a poor community of color. Wherever they go they must be held to the highest safety standards to protect #PublicHealth. #EnvironmentalJustice
Lol you really gonna just ignore the fact that having an easy path to get there plays a big part ?
Me: we don’t need to mess with the blue in my hair today Stylist: ok but I had an idea—what if we.... Me: ok you’re the expert. My head is your canvas.
He is standing up to the disgusting swamp. It might be the end of him, but he’ll go out swinging. I admire that so much. His 1st term could have been so much more without the constant political obstruction and propaganda.
Congratulations to our #EHMIS Citizens of the Month for September. These students represent the highest academic, behavioral and character traits and we are proud of them!
See I’m tryna avoid the route you wealthy folks are taking
Good morning. Rest assured, we will assist you. Kindly share the transaction receipt via DM(Direct Message) for further assistance. Thank you.
Almost a year ago, Operation Tiny Home started building the first of these two homes to be donated to the Valiant Seed Veterans Village in Roseburg, Oregon. What a gratifying feeling to see this project come to…
So i'm playing red alert 3 and every peacekeeper looks exactly the same........Time to make a clone army
yes do it it's so fun (turn off the smart steering or whatever it's called immediately tho)
The one waa of Corbin and one of the others was of Liv Morgan...it's ok, well really it's not ok but just best to stay away from those type of bullies
MM LaFleur calls dresses adult onesies... I do find it easier (especially love the ones with pockets) https://mmlafleur.com/collection/power-dress …
This is evil Trump! I pray that you realize that threatening the people of the United States due to your own personal mistakes is not a sign of a REAL LEADER! You don’t care about our country. You only care about TRUMP! MAGA and GOP WAKE UP!!!
Am I the only one that like to chew on the caprisun straw
 received "G". An F would have been a reward for advancing above the third grade
Nigeria at 59. Its so sad that 59 years of Independence and we are yet to find our footing. We are yet to have the right government. We are yet to make health care accessible to the masses. We are yet to have good roads and basic amenities available. #Nigeria
Unicornmann:the sparkles are blinding my eyes so I stay over here Ryan:we don't see your eyes.... Unicornmann:.....
This is how a Newt Gingrich Around the House of Representatives when he was Speaker of the House truly despicable https://www.motherjones.com/politics/2011/12/gingrich-congressional-ethics-scandal-explained-newt-inc/ …
It’s like the guy who’s the managers first name on the team sheet doesn’t do his job well. Probably not the managers fault though
Love the show that like 2 years ago made an episode about sad it was cops got in trouble for shooting black people, or when they compared “forced tolerance” to a concentration camp 10/10
I could have fun with this but I wont. Must be the money!!!
Aubameyang is the best striker in the premier league and nobody is even close.
Sho and yo remind me so much of the fantastics. Fast pace team,flashy, and can sell big time. Not Bobby Fulton quality in the selling,but still impressive
Well I’m pro-choice, pro-gay marriage, and an Atheist, so I’m not exactly the GOP’s dream demographic.
Congratulations General Milley. It's Official: Army Gen. Mark Milley Is the 20th Chairman of the Joint Chiefs https://www.military.com/daily-news/2019/09/30/its-official-army-gen-mark-milley-20th-chairman-joint-chiefs.html … #DOD #USArmy
Yesterday I have finally finished "Ray tracing in one weekend". "Ray tracing the next week", here we go!!. Thanks to  for such an engaging book (it took me more than a weekend though)
BDE meme can be used by itself or collaborate with another artist mutual, OCs/Canon/OCxCanon however you see fit lol DON'T  WHEN YOU USE IT just link this original tweet in the thread!!
Why he runnin like a fuckin horse at the monmouth race track
Reposted from  (get_regrann) - Often Good Design happens when we Listen & Understand. ///. All influenced by you...The Utility Duffel Bag with adjustable shoulder straps and twin coat catchers. And of…
No...it's not... IT'S A PROMISE!! She's not Blackmailing him; mearling trying to impress upon him the importance of family. Even if he doesn't...like her little sister.
Grateful to my friend  joining me for an evening “C-level confidential” with some of the talented  students
Then I'll be sure to send the address and get everything ready for you.
i don’t understand how ppl make fun of me bc i stan emma and the twins but they have a fan account FOR PEOPLE THEY STAN ISTG I DONT UNDERSTAND THIS
Try Free People! They have the cutest jeans for taller girls
who was the photographer?! These pics are beautiful!
Then they started using terms like E-boy. I was ready to flip the table over.
Holy fuck this cat. She is the silliest, most gorgeous little mess on Earth.
Sometimes, you are the only reason I check Twitter. Thank you.
"hilarious. but you know how I feel about bringing the innocent into our little games."
So many eats, so little time! Don't worry, we're here as often as you feel the Ocho urge! <3 #foodies #eats #healthyeeats #yum #eatocho
Thanks for calling me out! I just hope Trump pays the consequences for his crimes.
Ty, didn't she brag in her book at the fact that hundreds of guys were m*sturbating to her on the regular?
What's a good and unusual book in translation? Karel Capek's Letters From England. Capek was the Czech chap who invented robots in his play Rossum's Universal Robots. He toured England in the '20s and wrote about everything from the size of fields to meeting George Bernard Shaw.
If you no love MERCY wetin you gain??? Even Vandora had to adjust to watch the QUEEN of Highlights herself. Vote Mercy for the winner of bbnaija season4 2019. #BBNaija
Only one of these is the most successful song of the decade
Magpies: greet the morning with a pleasant, musical sound, singing to greet the sunshine. Baby magpies: SCREAMING
I know this may not seem like a lot, but it's a lot to me and a milestone in my books. Thank you so much for the 500 followers guys. I love you all to the moon & back twice over. We prepare for the next journey at dawn. WE GO AGANE! #milestones #goals #Growth
i really write lyrics like “i’ll never be okay with my thoughts alone, i’m too afraid of the sun self destructing” and tell my therapist “yeah i’ve been doing good”
Who uses the ‘your daily drive’ playlist on Spotify? I feel like it’s so undervalued
Aaaaand knuckles was out cold for a full week... I don't blame him at all I would have done the same
We are so proud of darlenexdreamer from our Hall Of Fame!! She sounded so good on her live radio debut on Jazz 88.5FM in the Twin Cities!! #Repost darlenexdreamer with get_repost ・・・ Live on 88.5 fm with…
Here is why I think keano was the best and will be the best  captain. Need one of his kind on the field these days.
The Crane has made the Rose very happy. ❝Chi-san is best Chi-san!❞
One of the prosecutors around here never wears a jacket and I'm like Excuse me, ms.
Our Department of Justice is led by a person who is utterly corrupt. Barr attempted to bury the #WhistleblowerComplaint and engage in a cover up of presidential wrongdoing.
finishing up my playthrough of DOW3 for the review and ruminating on how every single Eldar farseer in the series is a redhead with the precise same energy as an ADA from the middle seasons of Law and Order
It's not until the 18th lol, but thank you so much!
I’ve got #Nationals winning the #NLWildCard on TBS.
Joe biden the centrist lmao that's one of the funniest things I've heard all week
Russian Today. Although the sheeple call them 'propagandists', I have watched various shows on YouTube and find RT refreshingly honest. Much more than MSM...
 quick question. Are you only signing your new book at NYCC or can I bring my copy of "You're Never Weird on the Internet" for you to sign? Thanks....
If you've been a victim of these hoodlums, you won't have any sympathy for them. Was robbed by these fellows 1 Sunday morning in 2018. Lost all the money on me. Its a sign of 0 confidence in security agencies when citizens have 2 take the laws into their hands. I don't blame them
 yes yes yes me too inside of me is the real me and she is a girl!
Our team in Las Vegas really got into the Luau spirit over the weekend. Thank you to everyone who came to Luau Night on Saturday, we hope you all enjoyed it as much as we did!
You can thank the Democratic party for this this is totally their fault
As if we care about Russia given they are not an ally and hacked our election in every state. To emulate the eloquent Robert De Niro...F*ck Em
ok some of my mutuals follow/mutuals with Spvceranger and they draw nsfw of the bnha kids so if you know and you're ok with that pls let me know so we aren't mutuals anymore
Twitch Con Last Night Shenanigans! Cleaning up Spares like no bodies business!!!! Thank you for the fun times     AJ and BlackSolan! Had an absolute blast, especially riding those scooters all around downtown!!! Lol
Suzy Kolber, what’s it like going to work every day knowing nobody can stand your voice and the only reason you have your job is because u r a women? #Resign #ESPN #Annoyingvoice
How are the women of the world not fighting over this fine piece of man (and very fluffy dog)?
*the door opened leading to the rusty, damp hallways of the once prosperous cloning facility that served her father years ago*
Happy Release Day The Shadow Court (Wilde Justice Book 4) by Jenn Stark for $3.99 https://amzn.to/2mpsyIr
If you're born in October, make we gather here and pray for a better future, starting frm today. If you find this on your TL, biko tag any October-born u know. The brighter future we always prayed for starts today... Amen! I rep 22.
sou mais a do passarinho GOOD MORNING TO YOU THE BIRDS ARE CHIRPING UH UH
So ima need everyone to give Deshaun Watson the same respect.
Today has been one of the hardest in a long time. Send me your good vibes/prayers please
That’s Baller: Oprah Matches $1.15 Million Donation To The United Negro College Fund https://ift.tt/2n5mHbQ
Went hiking over the weekend with my baby  I had so much fun swimming under the waterfalls with you
You Know what Sucks about living in NYC! Not Having INTERNET! VERIZON HAS Blocked Me from Informing the FBI! I SUPPORT MY PRESIDENT TRUMP And I Know That The Replacements DO 2!The FBI will be 4 WeThe People 4 They Are Sworn 2 Protect The Original Constitution! Don't Fail U.S! X
Where did you get that picture of Hillary without make-up Be very careful that that does not get out on the internet.
Wait and watch my friend for few years you will understand what Modi is. Time is over now and please talk about POK ,not only Modi ji each and every indian citizens as well Kashmiriswant entire Kashmir. From seventy years Pakistan have occupied the reason which will evicted soon.
I believe my degree keeps me sane. I understand what influences people's behavior, the way they think, and ik how to deal with it. I thank God for that!
What’s it like being able to see over the rows of cubicles at the office ???
LOL  tobacco pushing articles to make people think legally-bought THC vapes are the cause of lung-related illnesses and not hardcore nicotine vapes
 Please do a breakdown of the Mike Minor intentionally dropped foul ball. I have mixed feelings and would like to hear your opinion.
Ready for that big opening number? We caught up with  before the show!
 - Kambridge - Alien playing on MPG Radios.. Innovative Music Mix - http://www.mpgradio.ca/radio/imm/ Where you have the opportunity to listen to unsigned independent artists. Connecting musicians and music lovers together as a community.
#Bolton #Opposed #Trump Making #UkraineCall https://politicalwire.com/2019/09/30/bolton-opposed-trump-making-ukraine-call/ … "Former National Security Adviser #JohnBolton was at odds w/ #Trump over his #July phone call w/the president of #Ukraine, #NBCNews reports.
oh well oh well oh well. i understand why people say that life is suffering, happiness is a respite from the reality of life. that is how i feel right now. i wish i could be anything except for a human being.
ok so I rushed to be earlier in school today to do my shit, but I forgot to bring my laptop. so I’m going to school early to stare at the damn classroom walls instead. I love myself but thank God for a Brother who’s my schoolmate LOL
50Five Photo Journal presents, Chicago Salmon vs. House of David Echoes / Livery Brewers for the months of September & October 2019. Please visit 50Five Photo Journal at http://50fivephotojournal.com to view the current journal entry. #VintageBaseball #ChicagoSalmon #HouseofDavidEchoes
Yajairas memes she sends to the GC are hilarious. Theyre weird but I like it cause LMAO I hope I don't offend her with this tweet either
Hot damn, that is the most intense and utterly awesome thing ever. Thanks for letting me know!
The ones he hit the shot in i believe lol I remember me and Nate having the debate about him or Rudy college sneaks
HAPPY MONTHSARY  AND DARRENATICS TAGAL NA NATIN SANA WALANG BUMITAW SA PAGIGING FAN STAY STRONG SA ATIN. WE WILL SUPPORT HIM UNTIL THE END Laban lang dami na nating napagdaan pero di yon ang dahilan para sumuko mas tumatag tayo sa mga challenges na yon #ThankYouDARREN
I’m the type of fat that i can look at the texture of food and know if it taste good or not. It’s one of my fav talents
S/o  and  for being two of the best in the business
I’m always stuck somewhere when working between throwing a shovel through someone’s windshield when driving fast by me at work or wanting them to drive by me faster cause the breeze feels good
We ALL do. Keep learning. Keep loving the Faith. And through that knowledge n love, in obedience, can ur service bare fruits.
Which party would have the clout in a minority Parliament? Both the #NDP & #GPC will be pushing #ProportionalRepresentation if there is a Minority Govt. Can Canada have sustained #ClimateAction with #FPTP ? #cdnpoli #elxn43 https://www.cbc.ca/news/politics/singh-may-green-ndp-minority-2019-election-1.5298332 …
looked across the room and saw a sticker on someone’s laptop “you’re gonna die” at least he’s optimistic
It’s true. 37, lifelong Pittsburgh sports fan and baseball fan and I just don’t care about the Pirates anymore. They’re a sham and Nutting thinks we’re all stupid. Top 5 worst organizations in pro sports.
revolves around the same subject matter just hidden in cool themes. With solid production and features this is a spin, not a must spin, but a I would spin. And oh yeah, NASCAR is a creeper bop, look out for that one.
I don't think I'll have time to talk about this, although in an unpublished paper I did write about it. It's more up to date & better in its framing, but the nationalist narrative is still in there. That may be inevitable for any book writing about millennia of Iranian history.
Magical get-well soup. Bartender talked me into extra garlic and now I'm deeper in love. with the soup. #amerasia #kungfoodchu #lovethecov  Chu's AmerAsia
Finally home sweet home #gratitude howardpaul3029 though I do miss my buddies Mercer, Jason, Mark and Howard and Patty Paul the hostess supreme
Obama lost all respect when he went on his apology tour...and funded Fast & Furious...gave millions to Iran...and spied on a presidential nominee. Yeah, Trumps the problem.
CAN MY PARENTS NOT MAKE ME CRY WHILE IM AT WORK?? THEY ARE LITERALLY THE SWEETEST PEOPLE EVER DI KO DESERVE :(
Amazing how the realization puts things into perspective, huh? I’m sorry you have to fight through pain just to live life but I hope that you are able to live life to it’s fullest regardless. It’s the best way to give pain the middle finger.
I’m so glad that Cody drove because the Dodge has seat warmers
I actually love how he was on the call and provided no defense. Instead he hopes to not get caught on a call with a guy who is willing to throw everybody under the bus to save his own skin...but he’s not a rat.
Very cool! I became a Boston fan when my dad retired from the military up East. I’m always surpriswd how many fans there are overseas though.
Amerie, I’m sure you know about Bryson Tiller, 6lack, DVSN, DaniLeigh, Eric Bellinger (very underrated], Khalid, Gallant, The internet, Syd, Trevor Jackson, Sammie, Tink, Jhené Aiko, I can go 90’s too let me know lol
OK, EU AMO ESSA MUSICA, VEM AQUI NA MINHA CASA OUVIR COMIGO, ENQUANTO JOGAMOS THE SIMS JUNTOS
The WHISTLEBLOWER is my hero, for today. Let's see where this whole thing goes.
hahahaha. okay. didn't mention the economy, mentioned wages, health care and education. Try reading, clearly it's not working for you so far.
They act like they didn’t play the Bears... the best defense in the league
"...opened the way Monday for college athletes to hire agents and make money from endorsement deals with sneaker companies, soft drink makers, car dealerships and other sponsors." I can copy paste too bud. But with more context and clarity
white claws taste like someone took a shot of vodka then five minutes later burped into a la croix and sealed the can.
Great story ! She likes the verb in the subway ! Hope she makes a fortune
I love seeing these super cute babies! Best part of the job. I do deliver the cutest babies! #abadassbaby  Towers ob/Gyn https://www.instagram.com/p/B3DfluOH23-/?igshid=1wjly82817kz1 …
Thought from yesterday: Chark catches everything. Even that pass out of bounds when the defender was all over him. Dude is legit.
Bible:- The father of a righteous child has great joy. - Proverbs 23:24.
Bike ridin cant wait till the weather cools down so I’m not sweating to death during our ride lol
My commute truly sucks. But it's worth it to be home at the end of the day. If anyone knows of a nice place in the DC/Baltimore area, PM me
Professor Magosci was one of the professors who taught me to love and pursue history. Very glad to see his work being celebrated!
We are honered that we have been nominated and now a finalist for best spa in the Bronx. We are super excited. Drop us an emoji of your excitement for us  MJ Treatment
BTW this is not counting songs on my sleep playlist obviously I just skipped to the 4 not on my sleep playlist. If y’all really wanna see the piano songs I listen to while asleep then sure I guess
Let me help Sierra-1st thing U ask when anyone talks about the Bible is-where did the Bible come from? Did it fall out of the sky?The doctrine sola scriptura was invented in the 15th cent. Its untenable There must be an authority to interpret it. Jesus left us a Church not a book
Anyone in the #NDIS tag got experience with the AAT? Need a solid referral pathway for AAT support (NSW). Thanks m8s
Well, drop the socialist platform and quit pissing off middle America, and maybe she’ll gain some traction. #KAG2020
It’s not necessarily DC more like Baltimorebut it was mad fun tho,I went for my 27th bday and brung like 15 or so people on the party bus with me
Arise, O compatriots, Nigeria's call obey To serve our fatherland With love and strength and faith The labor of our heroes past Shall never be in vain To serve with heart and might One nation bound in freedom, peace, and unity. #happyindependenceday
How do you have separate club and pub types, but they share the same subcategory of service professional?
There is no need for a birthday party when you can't see any progress or achievement. All the same, as long as there is life, there is hope for a better tomorrow. #IndependenceDay #NigeriaAt59
Done! I know you are over the amount for this (yay to everyone!) AND I know your business is a challenge at the moment. Usually ignore this sort of request but you make my days a bit better for your having been a part of them.
yo bumble is pretty nice bc you’re basically forced to start the convo but like at the very least it’ll be with people you’re actually interested in
In Egypt the president must be a god and his people are slaves.. sad true ..but history will tell the whole world that we tried and tried just to be humans and change that true by all we have..
Hated most nuts but what is this? It’s good! (The pale ones)
 I wish you all the best for the coming Week beautiful! xxx #TeamRoyal #LuckyYou
It is quite possible for the average adult to be concerned about multiple things at one time. Heck, even kids are capable of having multiple thoughts at once.
Happy National Day to all #ChineseVictorians who are celebrating China’s National Day today and the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People’s Republic of China. 维州的华人朋友们，中华人民共和国国庆日暨中华人民共和国成立七十周年快乐！ 祝您和家人朋友共享节日时光！
With this in mind, switching from a proggy earworm like a Trick of the Tail to something more ambitious like Foxtrot shows that it’s a clear, stark difference in effectiveness. What Peter Gabriel brought to the table is immediately apparent. And that’s how good early Genesis was.
Also, there will be an AET workshop this Thursday 10/3 on the farm at 5pm. Stop by to learn how AET works. Hope to see you there!
start over; be brave enough to find the life you want and courageous enough to chase it. then start over and love yourself the way you were always meant to.
Courts will decide what a security is in this space, not some algorithm or twitter lawyer who has never been in a courtroom. “It is emphatically the province and duty of the Judicial Department to say what the law is.” Marbury v. Madison, 5 U.S. 177 (1803).
I'm hoping to have the server up by October 7th at the latest! Though there is margin for error. I'll keep you guys updated. I still work on the server every day. Yall still can send me custom paintings, I don't think I've gotten any sent in.
been too stressed to say much about this today but brendon urie finally having a song on a soundtrack for a disney movie and FROZEN in particular is one of the most satisfying things that has ever happened to me wow
 Thomas would be visiting on Scarla's home, just to see if they can able to have a good time within each other. "I hope that she'll be fine for this particular day." *"Bummer isn't the word she'll like for sure."* Thomas would be knocking on the front door.
EVENING THOUGHTS Jude 1: 20-21 But ye beloved building up yourselves on your most holy faith praying in the Holy Ghost Keep yourselves in the love of God looking 4 the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ unto eternal life Amen #Mercy #Faith #Love
Now there is a process set in place: zoning and siting amendments to the regulations will come and there is clarity that the moratorium will be lifted as soon as these are done. Anticipate this process will take a few months.
I actually couldn't skip out on the conference after all, but the people there were awesome, but I went to the Gothic area, the Mediterranean and La Sagrada Familia.
This how you properly season the pussy for the holiday feasts
I love how North99 uses “gun deaths” that’s the key word, they don’t say overall deaths or a reduction in homicides because like Australia they had an increase followed by a dip and another increase remaining steady , methods were substituted , suicides also went up again
Thanks for trying and not just leaving us in the dark
a flash of understanding for the i believe multiple sugar father fictions i read during my whirlwind foray with trying to love the bruins
I’m sorry I’ll take fish alone lmao hard pass on the fungi
I wish ppl would understand the black Canadian scene has a lot of Caribbean influence.
My biggest fear is that the team sticks with Flacco and passes on a better 2020 QB bc they still think Lock has it. Also what would you think about some type of trade for Josh Rosen? I'd be in favor. Sorry this tweet rambled wildly.
“You’ll find the battlestation is fully operational when your friends arrive.”
// everybody’s workin for the weekend // NEIGHBORHOOD POOL PARTY brought to Y O U by  & mikehessbrewing :: Saturday, October 5th :: 12-5pm :: #LiveMusic #PoolParty #Beer #cocktails #LocalArt… https://www.instagram.com/p/B3Dflj-n0L5/?igshid=1lgvii6x99gze …
Yo if you took my strip club tweet seriously you need to lighten up lol obviously I'm married to the best wife ever. She would join me at the strip club anyways.
ok we're gonna forget the last fancam i had new fancam now stream
update: i know pray at the alter of shea black soap with oatmeal
Please note that I have not insulted you, your integrity, you point of view or you political party. You probably think I'm a bad person but I'm just a guy who loves and respects his fellow Americans and their right to disagree. I hope everyone can find peace in the same.
Yeah he couldn’t swallow, or speak. He’s going to the hospital rn to get looked over
great episode...should be required listening (not just this ep, but the whole podcast).
Facts I need a nice dose of brain in Detroit. So many dope spots in the area for shows.
I preferred the reading experience over the watching experience, however Rosalind and Chris both do an amazing job (especially considering how large parts of it are filmed all in one go - like wow).
Perhaps you might want to poll the rest of America...get a more accurate picture? Or are you really this desperate for some good news you think this is a valid representation of your support? #ImpeachmentIsComing
Where can I find good translations. I find that I’m never sure about which ones will help me to actually understand the song
your females first heat? It’s normally advisable to only have her first litter on her 2nd heat, when she’s more developed (organs & what not) + to be stronger to carry the load but to also birth strong & healthy pups but congratulations!! You’re going to be gran pa!!
I like the look in his eyes and the expression on his face captured in light of the photograph.
I just backed Day of Dragons on  https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/beawesomegames/day-of-dragons?ref=thanks-tweet … Check out this awesome game in the works!
November 8th. After the odd-year elections, and it's a Friday on a holiday weekend, so fewer people will be paying attention.
Great job, Mesa Verde! Powerful learning to support the social-emotional needs of all students.
I think the opposite and that it's /easier/ to run a high skill system in the AHL because the checking is so much slower - is that the general consensus? I would guess so b.c people will watch a player make a nutty play and respond that they couldn't pull that off against NHLers
Congratulations to Sarah Parker who finished tied for 20th today at the District match with a score of 91 #WeAreCardinals
It's like a slap in the face, it may sting, but it also wakes you up.
whats the best way to sneak alcohol into a theatre. I'm going to order drinks when I get there because of Im not a peasant but thats not enough. If I don't drink the equivalent of a bottle every couple hours my pirate genetics make me sober.
Lol I'm perfectly content knowing 2 ppl think enough about me to take the time and talk wit me. XD
Big dummy. You just said “I’m not working as a lawyer” throw that privilege bullcrap out the window.
I am ecstatic that Daniel Brühl is coming back for The Falcon and The Winter Soldier.
Read the very original one, read the Ukraine Foreign Intelligence Treaty, read the case that changed Whistleblower protection. Also use common sense. Linda Tripp is considered a famous whistleblower, was she on her knees in the room? No.
In what world is Duke the best basketball program in the country
Good thing you have friends to coop with, the way the game is meant to be played,not solo and boring
Bonus points for drivers zooming down lower cuba and pulling out into the bus-only bit of manners. love to see it
Cute baby doll *With sound *Rubber *eyes open,close *Pampers *feeding bottle Pm for the price
I didn’t finish the show but I need to. I think Penn Badgley was a perfect Joe.
Hi everybody, The latest version of RedApp 2.5.5 is now available on the Appstore. With many performance improvements and bug fixes on iOS 13. Like and share: https://lnkd.in/fHu-4a4
Congrats to  for winning MVP (Most Vontaze Person) of the 2019 season!!!!
Had fun today practicing my caramel work in case the Great British Baking Show ever comes to America
Where are the sharpie markings? It's not official until you see marks from the powerful sharpie.
Medyo boring dito ha hahaahahahaha pero landi is not the solution, repeat until true
Wishing good luck tonight to my Goddess  as if she needs it right, but anyway good luck and go rip Sasha apart like the trash she is.
God isn’t looking for perfection, but He does care about authenticity and humility. Gratefulness is remembering the goodness and faithfulness of His life towards us in Christ.
“I was trying to spread a positive message” The tweet: “Makes you sound dvmb” “So ug|y” Okay cas
They're alright. I kinda liked p!atd early stuff. I write sins not tragedies and 9 in the afternoon were really good. Top is so meeeeeh i hate that chlorine song that plays all the time. Also didn't like their other singles.
Jeez, if just that goal gave you hope then your easily pleased. From a neutral perspective it was as dull a game between these two l can remember....so far behind the top 2
I forgot to tweet this! But  thank for the awesome G-Track Pro mic! Got picked for the drawing at #TwitchCon19 , awesome people awesome mic.
How dare life get in the way of our reading. I do like an audiobook at bedtime. Helps me nod off.
 the main reason is start of freeway starts there to go to sydney or go up the pass(macquarie) to the hume(energy stealer)
Clowns have never met Zico on the other hand chanyeol is his real life friend so he would know Zico better than y'all
OMFG YOURE FOCUSING ON MINUTE DETAILS missing the overall points and you’re going off certain versions of heroes that don’t exist in the made storyline used most of the time in movies or games ... when a specific creator makes a reconstructed version of something we already know
— MY WIFE!!! when I say I would die for you I mean it in every sense of the word. you’re so gorgeous, so funny, so talented.. the full package really you literally bless me with so many amazing aus & stories, i owe u my life. thank you for everything bb ilysm
Edgy stuff is exciting. This is fine when the norm is uptight enough that edgy sex stuff is actually safe, like roleplay with skimpy french maid outfit, stuff like that. Now, sick shit is the new normal, so the "exciting edgy stuff" moved into seriously disgusting territory.
I have often dreamed of a far off place where a great warm welcome will be waiting for me. Where the crowds will cheer when they see my face and a voice keeps saying, “This is where I’m meant to be.”
Raul Ibañez, long viewed as a candidate for the #SFGiants managerial vacancy, will be considered by the #Cubs, as well. Has big-market experience as a player, front-office background with #Dodgers, and is an exceptional communicator in English and Spanish.
Oi peeps who like half alive what's their merch is it stuff they have on their store is it specific to the tour can you translate the money into British pounds??? I would appreciate it if someone could tell me some if these :)
It’s amazing how these traitors want to get rid of a President who was democratically elected by the People
Welp. Let the world burn. I’ll be enjoying myself away from twitter mostly Wednesday night
Guys the ceremony JIST ended. We’ll get content sooner or later. Plus their phones might be with security. We still have the rest of the night and tomorrow. It’s still kinda early. They’re heading to the wedding reception right now. We’ll be fine. #BiebersWedding #BieberWedding
오늘 왜 이렇게 바빠 ㅠㅠ 비라이브 실시간 또 못 보겠다 ㅠㅠㅠㅠ can’t make the vlive today and it hurts my soul, so please help me to stream the MV and tap him a gazillion hearts before the vlive starts! #YesWeShallCHEN #ShallWeMVOutNow #첸에게_빠지는_가을
I was trying to find a quote from  that best described him as a “white nationalist” but the best I found was Islamaphobia and a desire to have more white kids:
Happy international podcast day. Keep up the great work on rant cafe.
Naw I need whiskey after the day I’ve had like, I’m lowkey feeling like the angry father of 5 after a long day at work that came home to food still cooking, shoes and toys in the living room floor and ain’t nobody homework done yet lmao
Idk we moved from the bronx cuz they was raising the rent lol but that was 10yrs go one bedroom like 1200 down here
I struggle with the same thing and have a sarcastic wit and have to always pray for God to help me with taming the tongue and the twitter fingers. Praying for you!
Samaya Jabbar  student was one of many exhibiting at Artsfest this past weekend.Samaya combined a love of amusement parks & technology&created a park thru 3D imaging.The project took 8 months to finish. Congrats to all for sharing their creative talents
⠀⠀⠀ ⠀In addition to the skull, he’s pulling out a rather realistic looking amputated arm. Thank you, prop department. ⠀⠀⠀ ⠀ “What do you mean? It’s October tomorrow! Let’s get this spooky bread, baby.”
They are building up their military because we never stop! I wonder how they got the plans to make an exact copy of our B2 Stealth Bomber? Never underestimate the treason of Trump!
It’s the non-stop A show. I don’t know how she can have so much energy. I sure don’t.
Ha ha ha go ount your loot you stole over the last 44 plus years !!!!
The truth is this line from “No Name In The Streets” is absolutely incredible. “True rebels, after all, are as rare as true lovers, and in both cases, to mistake a fever for a passion can destroy one’s own life.” - James Baldwin.
The last two anime characters saved on your camera roll are the last two brain cells you have. Will you be okay? AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Donald Trump is blessed with the stupidest opponents of all time
I think that should be the least of your worries right now. Focus on winning games first....
 thank you chris.  is always ahead of everyone else and always calling out the right thing for others to follow...and they always do. beto knows trump won’t resign, but he also knows there are others around trump who know and want to do the right things
Ha ha that photo is a screenshot of a video on WRESTLECRAP last month, under the 'random crap' heading.
Now this is funny. "Investigation handled already by a former Director of the FBI" You left out biased?
please ma’am save my life the doctor said it was for real this time pls ma’am ma’am if i don’t get a thigh pic i will literally die ma’am pls ma’am
what is the best thing make you happy! — when i am with persons i love or speak them and when i'm with my friends also when i do my lovely things https://lap78.ask.fm/igoto/45DKECPW7B667HQMHN2IG6NM66DC5PQ3R7G6ZCNCCHSOV45V2Q24OJAMGBFM2RJ3KK6P4FAJI5SDQXQVYYU5Y25CPT22BFDJUUBCVESVANYDGGP7DWJQKLHQ262PLWTESSFJKTQ623FGDFMIOKPQUXTM72FW3ZMQ73NVXYTURSV3MYETDVUFHRFL3ANODW6UTQRL2MS7UVINXADNGVQQM=== …
The wild card race was amazing. See you guys next year. Keep the team together #LGM #raisetheapple
Join us this Thursday night, you DO NOT want to miss this. Hear all about Ibuumerang and how we are one of the fastest growing companies this year and we just officially launched. We are more than just TRAVEL!!!…
Yes we are.When is the GOP going to get off the sidelines & come roaring to the side of President Trump & the American voters who put him/them in office. Where are you GOP? You are not worth a donation. If Trump goes so does the deep well of support & !!Defenders of NOT!
someone was throwing away a couch and the cushions were nice so my roommate and i, the opossums we are, went out and grabbed the cushions
Every morning, hold her against the door and whip her with your belt. All women can find pleasure in pain, but some need be initiated into it. Go lightly if need to be. She will learn to endure pain and love it, for her pain manifests her love. And her love will grow with it.
ability to speak 3 languages and the money in debt i’ll soon be in in hopes of becoming something and....being able to live an exciting comfortable life and pay my parents back for everything the do for me
While I wouldn’t care if this happened, what’s the point? I can’t think of a single venue where this is a thing. Why  ?
I know it just looks funny but why your knee bent in a 120 degree angle the opposite way?
Do you remember the song ‘Come Undone” by Duran Duran? That’s all I could think of listening to you. Good God man snap out of it!
and seeing the sky like that last night made me so emo thinkin' abt how different everything is now and how much i've grown n learned abt myself and stuff still gets hard sometimes but. i am so much better than i was back then. n that is a nice thing i think :')
My bestfriend immediately knew exactly what I was talking about in regards to chicken noodle soup like I love Jhope but whether the original person gets paid or not is the not the point and given that Becky G is white and basically Ariana Grande Blackfishing?
Happy birthday to the 5'9 party animal  We hitting the bars back at Mexico again
homeboy the nu-Confederacy would look like rural Mexico except with fat white people inside of a decade
#TwitchCon was awesome, it never fails to amaze me how incredible the gaming/streaming community is. Until next year!
Pretty sure it’s Biden that’s taking the hits, David But maybe that was the plan
^this was the most bennett advice you’ve shared in a while
Just spreading the word. That's why #InternationalPodcastDay was created.
Academy going Check the Recap & Results from another successful weekend for the . http://bit.ly/AcademySep28
— Not yet.. I will announce the winner at 9.00 am this morning ^^
Honestly this is the scariest thing I’ve ever gone through.
Ora por nosotros Pray for us Ora pro nobis He is the patron of my original hometown in Nejapa, El Salvador the whole week it’s been celebrating
renjun looked so nice in his turtle neck.. and his coat.. and his watch ........ DO YOU SEE THE SERVE
almost like the picture i posted on ig the other day lol
 might be too obscure, but based on our FB conversation last week, you guys should do The Spanish Prisoner. Perfect little oddball flick, with impressive casting... anxious to hear the reaction from Billy.
This is like taking a poll where the question is “do you like basic economy” but only polled airline accountants and upper management then thanked the passengers in row 54.
 seyi stanz if y'all need extra hand in the voting...I'm in,my line is ready..just credit it...he faces stuff competition from Mercy and Mike especially..but baba must win the money #BBNaija
TFW you read a grant application or a manuscript and it's like , especially if its something in the broad area of your expertise that expands how you think about your own research.
Hiked up to see beautiful waterfalls at Kanching (and then it started raining) but the sites are so gorgeous!
i can kiII monsters like it’s nobody’s business, i usually don’t have any regrets about evil people trying to kiII me, but kiIIing people that didn’t really do anything??? i can’t..... that just isn’t me..... the man i’m playing as is a kind boy.....
Aye I’m a HUGE QB fan. But who picked the verses or the songs
Roy Keane speaking tonight about Alex Ferguson and the importance of leaders in a dressing room. Both United and Arsenal clearly lacking leaders of their own nowadays with Ashley Young & Granit Xhaka leading their sides out respectively.
We don't drown by falling in the water We drown by staying there
Great point! I believe that society needs to adapt towards everyones learning styles. The internet is one of the platforms in todays society hay can adapt towards everyones learning styles.
i’m stuck in a constant plague of wanting to be rich and successful in the field my degree will be in so i can live a comfortable life and pay my parents back for everything they do for me and wanting to just fucking do comedy and wasting an entire degree and
I want to hear every candidate to commit to not pardoning any one of them. Nonsense for the good of the country. #geroldfordonNixon
The direct deposit hit my account and I’m ready to buy things I don’t need
Sustainability "is the future of fashion, not just a trend" - . #Fashion is taking note of its need to care about #animals & #environment. #WearitKindhttps://au.news.yahoo.com/mccartneys-plea-planet-deal-fashions-richest-man-113746943--spt.html …
  What is going on with your shipping these days!? Amazing posters restricted to certain countries meaning collectors in the UK can't buy them! It sucks big time. Would love to have tried getting The Exorcist and Creature from the Black Lagoon. #disappointed
R we just gonna ignore the fact that HE$H is wearing an Enrique Iglesias & Aventura shirt I love this man
How many shows, tours, EP’s, Albums, or promo in general will make a play off of the year 2020 and relating it to clear vision
The real button is the friends we made along the way.
Haldeman and Ehrlichmann were cheerleaders. The competent people were men like William Rogers, George Schultz, et. a. whom he isolated on purpose because they cared less about his electoral chances.
We need everyone to help  He has  's back!! He's with us, we the people not the swamp Let's help him get to the Senate https://lewisformn.ichooseapex.com/donate/thank-you …
Yeah laughed up and burned in the garbage barrel where it belongs.
例えば心が病める時 空の青さも忘れそうな時 ほんの一瞬だけでいいんだ 今、この歌だけを誇らしげに Sing A Song. ほら海も空も山も川も太陽も 君の為に今日も色付いてんぞ 大きく息を吸って吐き出し 声を上げよう yeah. [JOY TO THE WORLD ]
That's text book football. That's how the game is suppose to be played.
Yeah, it’s simple alright. Even if you negotiate with the feds for no jail time they’re going to take everything but the shirt on your back., and SDNY and the New York attorney general wait in the wings to get that.
Dr. .  thank you for enlightening us at  #ACPBOG19 w/ important information and your perspective. Appreciate the collegial discussion w/ you and Dr. Harmon, despite “opposing” opinions. Look forward to learning more! #IMProud #Twitternists #MedTwitter
Tonight is our Monthly Sub Giveaway!! If you haven't subbed yet, never fear! #Giveaway isn't until midnight ET 3 more Subs to unlock a Drag Makeup Stream! We'll be giving away at least 3 $5 gifts and someone wins the next design to be shaved on my head!! Stream starts soon!
You Know Who iam , I'm Lazlo , I Know i Made the Things Bad and I Acted like a Psychopath , I want you to forgive me
Buy is better than lease. However don’t get caught up in the hype of a brand new vehicle. Don’t buy any newer than 2yrs old. The vehicle will have lost most of its depreciation and the technology will be mostly the same as a brand new vehicle.
 // #PMD: out of 5 Standout : Jump for X f/  Marc is a songwriter, a solid one at that. There are times where he pieces things together with the best of them, most notably on the standout above. Overall this is a decent project that pretty much
I remember when they opened the trop at 5 AM for opening series in Japan in 2004. How can they not open for a  watch party for the Wild Card game?
From all the radio operators here at SEQUEST Thank You for your service to the community on radio!
Play of the Day: Across the Stage 4 #captainfalcon #falcon #ganondorf #meteorsmash #spike #zerotodeath #supersmashbros #nintendoswitch #nintendo #smashbros #smashultimate #supersmashbrosultimate #esports #highlight #gaming #videogames
Tonight! Multiplayer games with some friends! and if they don't show... Multiplayer games by myself! We'll be on #XboxOne in a bit so stay tuned for the "Live" announcement!
You know the saying, the bigger the bow, the bigger the... Tonight Disney celebrates the end of an era. After 20 years, Reflections of Earth, Illuminations, will have its final showing. In 1999 when the show…
Lol... the patriots have 192k in cap space and Diggs wouldnt even be WR1 there. He loves MN, and is under contract through 2023. GGs
lopez is totally in favor of wash facing him crimes and grif is like "what the fuck?" and when sarge asks him to translate grif's like "oh he just said we should throw wash a party" and sarge would be like "well lopez, i agree, but now is not the time." lopez then sighs end scene
lol. Calm, don’t wna hear no complains in the future that u can never see me anymore cos I’m deff taking back that sleepover invitation, sket
1/ Reminiscent of when Trump was rarely completely flustered and flummoxed by John Dickerson in an Oval Office interview, right after the baseless, spurious, infamous Obama wiretap tweet. - Dickerson asks repeatedly why doesn't he just ask the CIA about...
him & hui are the ones i have the least memories from at hi touch i remember the rest very clearly
This is why I support Tulsi. I think stopping war is of primary importance, a president has the power to do it. All the proposed social programs need the money saved from ending war &...require majority votes in both houses and may not pass no matter how great we believe they are
Electric Muscles Exerciser Regular price Rs.3,138.61 PKR FREE Shipping All Over The World Shop Today! https://www.instagram.com/p/B3CIlUxhD-M/?igshid=1ncfy6mdfww9j …
God blesses me everyday with the opportunity to make something of my life and be a decent human being and for the most part i think I’m handling the decent human being part well but Lord, please continue to guide me in this life! I’m nothing without you.
that’s the face of someone who enjoys living her life am i right ladies?
If you had to go looking for corruption, maybe it's time for glasses. Or maybe the energy efficient light bulbs were making your reflection look like the Bidens. Either way, I'm sure you were talking to it. You're like an evil, lobotomized, Winnie the Pooh.
I don’t see the connection between your tweet and the excerpt from the research paper. Yes, the research discussed inferences, but nowhere did I see anything about how a teacher must read the same text as a student in order to help them with comprehension.
Sorry we don’t support unconstitutional “solutions”. We have laws that define a prohibited person. We have laws that forbid the use of a firearm in the commission. We have laws that define the lawful use of a firearm. We don’t need more laws. We need people to be better.
The power of team spirit or ubuntu, #Omashola #BamTeddy & the  Crew, United in Delivery #BBNaija #Lolu #Joro #saka #TeamMercy #VoteMercy #Frodd #Omashola #BigBrotherNaija #BBNaiija
And don't forget what's his name, the sleepy guy in the corner.
Just reminder for all you  Running Peeps. Tomorrow I’ve got Q gonna be doing the Green Loop. All paces welcome. Great last preview run especially if yours is in the dark this weekend.
So you’re ok stealing someone else’s rightfully earned money - the people who provide jobs and innovation that forwards humanity - because your opinion that others “deserve” it more than they do... And you trust the government to do it vs. others such as non-profits... ???
Your dead best friend is walking up the stairs He's walking up the stairs with you
Today on #OrangeShirtDay2019, the Public Inquiry Commission on relations between Indigenous Peoples and certain public services in Québec released its final report, outlining 142 recommendations for action.  #CommissionViens
Conservatives do. Liberals don’t do anything. Conservatives care about the country & it’s people. Democrats don’t care. Vote Republican! #Trump2020https://www.wbaltv.com/article/scott-presler-conservative-volunteers-clean-up-west-baltimore/28970705 …
The Republican Party better get on the ball and protect our President.
All I want to do is sleep I need to start going to the gym or something
Math quiz: If I don't give a damn about the "danger" of impeaching a president who won 96% of the vote, how many damns do I give about the danger of impeaching a president who won 46%?
My rant for TODAY: * My #storage bill went up! * My rental #Apartment went up! BUT, my f/ing #SALARY #WAGE has not! #WTF do people think I am? #RICH?? Like, SERIOUSLY!!??? The f/ing #CityOfMiami #Miami #MiamiDade #SouthFlorida #Florida #FL really, really... REALLY SUCKS!!!
Black Phoebe. One of the "helpful" birds that will often perch out in the open for easy ID and photos. #birding #California
 whispered to me tonight that he hopes we win the league, proper blue.
I think he means more fast paced?? Probably something along the lines of dmc or ninja gaiden. Does Sekrio have any stamina restrictions?
Idrk but maybe Seokjin and yoongi? I'm confident and I'm the mom friend of the group (yk how Seokjin has parental characteristics). For Yoongi, my friends say I can seem intimidating sometimes. I'm also sleepy/tired like him often but can get really happy/hyper like he does
Also, my niece got her 5 birthday gifts that I sent to her in the mail today. She loved them but still has new requests. Long story short, I am going to adhear to those requests. And get her what she asks for. #WhatEverYouWantKid
Check out Best of The Muppet Show Volume 5 Steve Martin/Carol Burnett/Gilda Radner OOP DVD
Thanks sissy, I actually think I did well! We shall see when I get the score back.
Yea right. His teammates didn’t even wanna go to the guys birthday party.
#HillaryClinton needs to get over the 2016 election "Suddenly she’s everywhere, jumping for joy about impeachment, labeling Donald Trump an “illegitimate president,” a “corrupt human tornado” and a mere “occupant of the Oval Office”' https://nypost.com/2019/09/29/devine-hillary-clinton-needs-to-get-over-the-2016-election/?utm_source=maropost&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=nypdaily&utm_content=20190930&tpcc=morning_report&mpweb=755-8286139-719157608&fbclid=IwAR388dCtYR7tEHhveBEYRQgYoQ4KDDFhAW7hFyq0KIYJx7Lq0Wt1Zq2wkNk …
Aqui está um programa para você… Day 26: Our Top 10 Kanye West Songs Episódio de Watching the Throne: A Lyrical Analysis of Kanye West
It is not only news - it is a F’ing bombshell. The attorney general of the United States is putting pressure on foreign leaders to discredit Mueller’s conclusion that Russia sabotaged our election. Nothing reasonable or normal about this. Wake up.
i thought today would be alright, i woke up nice and early and went to the bank and had time to chill before work... long story short.. i was so wrong. happy monday y’all
We were trying to get our nitrogen cycle going to deal with an ammonia spike once the fish went in. Sadly, the cold weather got the best of them.
Jared & Gen just showed up at Misha’s Random Acts fundraiser tonight! Jared read a really nice thing about all the good works RA has been doing recently
At least you are making money by supporting a traitor. I wait for the movie to come out.
Sharon, I wish you all the best in the next chapter of your life journey
Word around the campfire is one could use their butt cheeks to delivery something...I seem to remember hearing about game where a cd jewel case was passed around via that method. Do you have any insight on this ?
Kiosk educators... Are we heading into a time where teachers will be phased out like cashiers at Micky D's? If we listen to the "experts" they will. In a world plagued by conformity, the powers that be are preaching for autonomous classrooms devoid of a teachers voice.
 ... I heard your comments regarding human trafficking as it relates to the workplace. HEAR THIS LOUD AND CLEAR!!!! Illegals in PBC have it made. All of the major general contractors use them exclusively, pay them very well! Plus, they’re all on welfare!!!!!!!!
como deram o Messi pro The Best, tá de sacanagem, olha esse cara, verdadeiro melhor do mundo
Seriously, this guy wears a coat and tie to pretend to be intelligent, but this is the sewage that spills from his mouth.
WOMEN'S GOLF: The  are the clubhouse leader after rounds 1 & 2 of the GPAC Women's Golf Championship. Complete Release/Results - http://bit.ly/wgolf_gpac_fall
Results are in. 86% of people believe I'll meet my soulmate at the NAAEE conference. Stay tuned.
Joining Twitter and discovering that Bootsy is a Raiders fan is like my birthday and Christmas on the same day. Bootsy hi from Scotland
Many people live for a long time in the United States. And they never learned English, but they travel to El Salvador, saying. HELLO, OMG, SO, OHH..etc.
It kinda was. The end of season 3 was great but I felt like so many episodes were slow and not much even happened?! It’s just disappointing when there is so much they could be elaborating on
Thank you Garry for the great customer service you provide our customers, as well as all the help you provide to your fellow associates.        – at The Home Depot
Besides what you have I’ve always been partial to 1. Purple people eater 2. Somebody’s watching me 3. Headless horseman needs a head 4. The songs from the muppet babies Halloween special And of course 5.Thriller
 just watched  for the second time and it's even better haha! I'm loving this ride, what a great time to be a DOOM fan! I'm gonna watch it again just before the release of DOOM Eternal with more friends!!! Cheers to all us DOOM lovers
Yeah, well, I've reached the shattering stage a few times myself. Some stuff would be worth sacrificing ourselves for these days, but it's not my first go-to way out of issues with obvious negotiated solutions. Got any deal-makers?
Half ass offer to make it look like they made a good faith effort when everyone knows he’s not gonna take it. Same as the offer they made Bryce last year, only problem is this ain’t Bryce.
Hard to believe how naive ex judge,  , has been to support the traitorous nut job in the white house.
I was one of the highest-level Save The World players when I tweeted that.
The end of September is always depressing for me but i guess the weather is making it better.
Donate Dogecoin To Me!!: DSVWAL8q8snMern8BnjPybLbEUCJdk8Ep2 The Liberty Hound: ‘LET ME FINISH, ED!!’ Levin GOES OFF on Fellow Fox Host for Biased Whistleblower Coverage https://youtu.be/FarILTiHDmw
That’s what I’m saying bro like if the shoe don’t fit tf u mad for
Even in a new space where i am counseling but learning so much around a topic i am passionate in, i dont get the luxury of learning and not knowing. It's a privilege to be unaware and not know and just recieve learning. I never confronted my SBW higher up but i do hope she say..
When I was heavy weed smoking,I couldn’t play this.Wasn’t in the mood to hear this innthe http://car.It was Lil Wayne,Jeezy & Plues season after all.I’d look like a weirdo bumping art house toons.
I was a fat chick in high school that wore Star Wars t-shirts to school before that stuff was cool, and most years I ate lunch with the cheerleaders, who welcomed me to their table without hesitation. Bullying did happen, but it was more subtle. I went to a rural school in 2003.
We knew this would happen... even people who were lukewarm about the President are outraged... He will win for sure in 2020, if they keep this up!!
With the start of my interview series, I’m looking for authors to interview. Who would you like to see on the blog? #Tudors
Celebrating with friends at the Missouri Botanical Garden, Garden Party Lights. #ungerboeckunite
You’d better change the academy to Sporting Kansas City III
Hogan and Flair will be the breaking point of this exciting new era LOL
I Got 1 Copy Of Vision HERO Adoration And 1 Copy Of Vision HERO Trinity Both Are Ultra Rare The Vision HERO Adoration Ultra Rare Is From The Battle Of Legends Light's Revenge And The Vision HERO Trinity Ultra Rare Is From The Battle Of Legend HERO'S Revenge
I dig the gear... But I especially love how you look. When you go it little liter on the make-up. Cause you are naturally lovely. Don't really need it. IMHO..
Sure about the $725? Because in Bulgaria the healthcare tax is 8% of income. That is to say, 8% of your income up to 1500eur. So the maximum you can pay for healthcare is 120eur per month. Which is still significantly more than 60usd per month.
Using the Castle Doctrine to justify walking into someone else’s castle and killing him. [...] That is truly grabbing justice by the fundamentals and yanking it inside out.
I don’t think anyone understands how much i want to invest and change downtown Lima, I’m just grinding for the capital to grow my ideas into fruit.
I hate trump but your proposals are so idealistic that they are financially impossible. VAGUE. Arithmetic, please? Lets see the architecture and the finances . Tax higher incomes fine. but that will not pay for free college or medicare for all.
 Ryan was bought by the left years ago. He did nothing for Romney’s campaign. As speaker his role was to control republican agenda by bribing Rinos. He is in the top tier of traitors to the American way of life. Ed is just a hack for sale to the highest bidder.Fraud
They deserve to be tarred and feathered, then hung, drawn and quartered for being the Grievous traitors and scoundrels they so truly are!
It's become clear why you were so easily conned by that dismal conman in the white house. No ability to think for yourself. Good day, sir. And good luck.
Who in the name of clout chasing internet Jesus is this asshole? Lol. We read the call summary that the Don of this goofy syndicate shared. The whistleblower credibility is right there.
I don’t even care about that. Are they the candidate I prefer who can lead us to the changes I want to see. There are PLENTY of good ones. I prefer one. But this “why do people not like us” thread is almost funny. Because they treat you like an idiot if you aren’t a supporter...
Nasdaq jumps almost 60 points, gaining 0.8% for the day - FiWEH Life - http://bit.ly/2mvMzxe
None tbh. I’m not consistent with prayer. And the closest I get to reading scriptures is in the morning when my bible app gives them to me lol
From vague memory, I think the original one had Asif Raza Mir?
I would like to know how he decided becky g was the right collab for CNS and want to know if he enjoys latin music and if there could be another collab with a latin artist
Enter for a chance to win a $10,000 customized trip to #CostaRica in the #OnlyTheEssentials #sweepstakes! #sweeps #giveaway #contest #EnterToWinhttps://woobox.com/wwhg2p/lx6zri
Kindness only strengthens the soul and betters the world! So be nice, spread positivity, and help those who are emotionally at ease. Everyone is going through something, and deserves to be loved.
Your legs, is saw when you where holding it. Hope everything is fine now. I just want to let you know that you are the reason why that back is solid. #thank you so very much chambers
So China has a great history in "world peace"? Ahhh well people forget The Great Chinese Famine led to the deadliest famine in history and the deaths of 20–45 million people between 1958 and 1962. Haven't mentioned death by direct political persecution...
I'm screamingsksks they really added a furniture company to the chat.  please do better sis
ABSJJDKDJS at this point i cant be bothered forcing two people to share a meal/do group tasks just to raise their support its too tiring . just wanna finish the damn game and here i am now completely satisfied
We Already did ,with the full intelligence of the military....wake the f up all ready.
From the Cavalier to the Honda lol he was down for whatever
Yeah the context isn't clear. This just means I need to make a comic about her! And thank you!
It's more like I love the way y'all make your own rules and color outside of the lines!
Rams' defense will be the best defense they were robbed in Game 7?
*sends LOL and a party emoji to the director. So professional.
 #DEANEffect #LEB “ The most practical, beautiful, workable philosophy in the world won’t work if you won’t” ~Zig Ziglar~
Friends that support each other with big or little things are the real ones you need in life. It could be the silliest thing but knowing you have support means so much.
Toronto Blue Jays rocked the feild yesterday. What a great game to end the season with. Bravo!!!
.  will make a strong, great president. A complete 180 from the nutjob we have right now. I also think she's one of the only candidates that would actually make these WH swamp rats answer for their crimes.
I always feel like I just came out of a fallout shelter or something after an underway, what’s going on in the world?
On the other hand, Barr's been running around trying to get foreign countries to help him discredit the IC of 2016 so as to discredit the charge of Russian interference. And Pompeo's State Dept is harassing Obama Era State vets by up-classifying emails.
The spamily is the best thing ive created. real talk.
We should always keep in mind that it is always those at the top who are the true enemies. #fightcorruption #oppressionisachoice #speakforjustice #youhaveachoice #standup
Looks like I was one of the unlucky ones too, although I got the year wrong thought at the time it was strange you hadn’t liked my answer so I had multiple goes great quiz same time next week
Forgot about that. And agree. Only game I played was Cadence of Hyrule which was amazing. Need switch! There was a game the bf pointed out that might be fun. Conan Chop Chop!
god i love the warriors of hope so much they're just scared and broken kids i wish i could just adopt them all
"By Monday, #CivilWarSignUp and #CivilWar2 were in the top trending hashtags on Twitter."
The solution that California seems to believe works is to allow them to be paid $through licensing deals. The reason this might be expected to work is people believe that royalties aren't technically "payment for services." /6
I JUST SAW SOMEONE EAT MUSTARD OUR THE TUBE IF YOU LIKE MUSTARD BREAK THE MUTUAL
So I have the funniest #camgirlwishlist ever and someone just bought me a crockpot which I am literally SO EXCITED ABOUT!!! I can’t wait to show you guys what I make!!
Barr has always been a crook. He was the one the push Bush Sr. To pardon everyone in the Iran scandal. Don't be fooled.
it’s been like this from the beginning g lol completely opposite but for the same reasons
This says it all about Antifa. Group of hate-filled thugs. Where are the police to protect innocent people?
Can someone teach me new hand gestures to do in my videos besides prayer hands and "the point"
-absolutely wrong. Because you see, you preach about being the absolute best, yet you have never went toe to toe with someone like me in your whole career. You have not been in the same presence of such greatness before with someone like me. And that’s where you’re going to fail-
They benefit from the fact that people buy tickets to his movies and buy her albums. Nobody is pointing a gun at the consumers’ heads. This is what happens when people get their economic and political education on twitter
Very nice. Sometimes the sky can show peace and tranquility.
Humiliating a woman who is on the stage? This is the inspiration you take from your hero? Your hero should be ashamed of you too. He will not do that, if he really respects a woman, no matter if she is good or bad. #BiggBossTamil3
Helps when you have the #1 Longsnapper in the country!
In the end, the truth will come out about everything. Tell the truth now before you end up in huge legal trouble.
 I wish to read the mind of Bobby. I wish to know who is really Cindy. Y pq me puso Cindy.
And plus I’m always gonna stan for , always getting ten stars or five stars or whatever is the top rating any time she appears on sites I’m subbed to lmao
I couldn’t agree more, but for that sentiment to really mean something we have to start by electing  in November. (You can resume criticizing him after he’s sworn in.) Let’s take out the trash that’s in there right now, though, and build a better (behaved) Kentucky.
So somebody comes into my house and feels threatened then kills me, there’s a chance they can get off with the Stand your ground law? Lmfao America really is a joke
Nope. The sale of my device that I paid my own money for went to the company who made it, because I bought from them directly, they take their own money and put in to their own R&D and buy software to operate on. So they paid with profits from their sales for it. Yes. Your point?
they say home is where the heart is BUT GOT I LOVE TE ENGLISH.
A LIDDLE BIT LOUDER FOR THE DUMMIES IN THE BACK... (including  who lost his mind.) "In not so many words, this is THE ESSENCE of what the president communicates,"  * #SCHIFF was setting the stage to clearly illustrate CORRUPT INTENT. #IMPEACHMENT
Love you ! Thanks for the memories and the World Series victory!
Keeping it black but y’all probably already know the video LMAO
Game 3/4 of year 2 in the Gruden era. Year 1 of a Mayock off-season. Ive been thru worse. Kiffin/Shell 2.0/etc. I feel there's hope, I'm an optimist. It's not even half way thru the second year of any semblance in continuity we've had in a few decades. I see progress, others dont
CA is a topic that takes awhile for ppl to really process and understand that’s why it’s very polarizing and why I just find question about it in a interview context unnecessary. We can call him out and hopefully the bh team notices our conversations and make space for it
"All aboard the Watergate Express, now departing Gate 39!"
Hard times don’t create heroes. It is during the hard times when the ‘hero’ within us is revealed.
In the US, the Brexit vote angered me, probably like the trump election angered Brits. I thought about any possible way I could influence UK to remain in EU, against Brexit. I buy English cheese. I will not drop that. Have you tried American cheese? Give me a break. Best wishes
please go like my playlist. it would mean the world to me
Huge thank you to the Hoosick Falls EMS for tending to and transporting one of our Hoosac student's who suffered a dislocated knee playing soccer this afternoon. Your care and professionalism are to commended. He couldn't have been in better hands!
Stay in the Monday Night Football spirit by ordering "Taking A Hit" By Joshua Marx. This book will provide you with hard-hitting, intense football action and give you an insider's look into the game of football. #MondayNightFootball #football #bookhttps://www.amazon.com/Taking-Hit-Joshua-Marx/dp/1515210731 …
California, a stinking BLUE STATE that has never had even a HINT of Republican influence versus Texas, a Freedom Wonderland where even the oil and natural gas flow RED!
I believe that in these competitions it's all about the strategy of the team, of course that the personal preparation of the athlete makes the difference but it's very entertaining to watch!
This is dope. Heres the website http://smashdata.gg   and  This is also great for commentators too  and
So you did call the Ukrainian President and asked him " I need you to do me a favor though." Dig up false dirt on Joe Biden. "Get the straight jacket out for Trump."
This is perhaps the right moment to share my personal preference: amaro instead of vermouth. A light Montenegro or Nonino in a classic Negroni, a fuller Averna or Lucano in a Boulevardier.
It will be a very cool end to your Monday with overnight lows along the coast dipping into the upper-50s heading into your early Tuesday Morning!
yeah they’re just talking about her and lizzo and then there is a couple screens with señorita but they’re not on the first pic of the post
“Words, words, words. Divide a whole into thirds, thirds, thirds. You’re like a gay sea otter. You’re blowing other guys out of the water.”
OK investing in a Roomba is one of the greatest things I’ve done in 2019
Ps: If you run a business without a model or plan, please you need to have a rethink and create one. We at Start101 can help you through the process.
 are in the Ingram Village today #DellTechForum - swing past for a chat and to go into the draw to win Apple AirPods or an Ultimate Ears MEGABOOM speaker
The discussion of the exhibition and shelf life of these videos is fascinating and how the kids creating them don’t have the understanding [even with giving consent via IRB] of what it might mean to have it shared in academic conference spaces like #YCCnetwork2019 & #AoIR2019
Watch Chicago's library shelves - the best books will disappear.
It's so nice to see it only took a move to Arizona and about a year out of the public eye for Jeff Flake to grow his spine back.
I dont care for either of them but lets not undo the terrible shit Hillary has done just because of the dislike towards Trump, they were friends prior to the campaign, probably still are, we just get played like the instruments we are.
Oh shit lol I thought you might be visiting. That’s awesome :) I’m from the Big Island
Aswell web app if go on there everyday you get login reward sometimes a pack or even coins or even download the companion app on your Mobile
We indeed must be thankful for our wins, but we must never forget that we still have so much ground to cover if we must deliver a safer and more prosperous nation to the future generation! God bless Nigeria
i haven’t felt as much as anxiety as i felt today in so long. i really just need to relax the rest of the day.
Go Ducks! Love that O, ! (The silver medal isn't bad, either!)
Bold of Donald Trump to advocate for a second Civil War when half of his supporters aren't even aware the first one ended.
Jeff Flake: Fellow Republicans, there’s still time to save your souls - The Washington Post https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/jeff-flake-fellow-republicans-theres-still-time-to-save-your-souls/2019/09/30/ade876f6-e2d3-11e9-b403-f738899982d2_story.html …
i can declared that it is no longer enjoyable now that it’s hit the explore page
Me too! So glad I seek them out before they get me lol. They call themselves sugar daddies but they wanna turn the cards once you meet them to try to make a sugar momma outta you!
Dude I was just doing the same thing lol... Should I not be as annoyed?
Excellent job defending West! It was a good battle indeed, I always have some of the best racing at Brands Hatch!
He is basically god..his stuff is so fantastic-his sensibility is perfect and the skill level is just out of this world.
Can we get tonight’s weather but for the entire year; please?
st3 release was such a fun time does anyone feel like it was colorful and full of nostalgia (even tho most of us werent around in the 80’s) but the music and the chemistry in the party made being a stranger things stan enjoyable and cool ??? i miss that time in the summer
Can y’all work on making sure artist perform for the time promised, pretty wack fans pay a lot for artist to perform for 10-15 minutes
Yes. I also took two plan B's cause I just...had the feeling. Sometimes these babies just want to be born no matter what.
yes asexuals have been called the f slur for centuries
It's their constitutional duty, its layed out very clearly in the constitution
I can't stop thinking about the hot for foods natcho cheese sauce
I am sure he will resign before we get the satisfaction. Just like Nixon, he’ll run with his tail between his legs.
Understood. But lets not confuse “due process” w/a questioning attitude. The former a formal characteristic of the common law, & ours. The 2nd a prerequisite (2 rare today) of basic citizenship (or, for that matter, adult life).
Alright so with Uncharted 1 being out of the way it's time to make another poll to randomly put in Discords I'm in, which game next?
.  joined the show to talk about the Eagles win over GB and just how close he came to playing corner last week. https://omny.fm/shows/afternoons-on-94wip/malcolm-jenkins-to-recap-the-green-bay-win …
If you’d like us to help you fine tune your business idea of build a Business Model using the BMC( Business Model Canvas).Kindly send a dm.
okay i hope those people complete the moot so i can follow 100 and not be a scary with a skinnie ratio bc i’m a nice boy i swear
It was meant entirely as a compliment to the school, the paper and its standards...
I'm glad it was fabricated, I hated the thought of kids doing this to another child. Obviously this little girl has issues. I pray for her!
While I’m doubtful of Dre making that full leap to DPOY, I think a good position in the voting is well within reach.
Thank you London. You're always wonderful. Birmingham tomorrow - don't be shit. The tour demands it.
I might get a jeep.. the Jeep Compass and Cherokee so cute
I wasn't thinking of that character when I said Spiderwoman. I was thinking of myself as Spiderwoman as if it was real. Lol I imagined myself as a human spider. I am riding the dildo. Lmao
He has no capacity for thoughts, so just throws out the same adjectives over and over. Borderline fascinating.
^ this is the reason not everyone deserves the freedom of speech
Ouff i put ghost face as my Instagram pfp. Now all the locals are gonna think im crazy lmao
Don’t complain about the wraith nerf if you’re happy about the path nerf
Congrats bro zayblessed15 finally getting the shine you deserve. You made for the league with the stretch 4 sh!t. #weTRAINforthis #ifyouwantsomethingGRINDforit #RIPMG #PUTTHEPASSPORTDOWN
I seriously am in love with this life and the universe
Apparently on facebook, Trumpsters aren't fond of my blog. Got a series of comments "TRUMP 2020" "MAGA". Not even trying to prove Trump's innocence. Just all chanting the same thing. Now, Trump fans, repeat after me. "I am not brainwashed. MAGA." 1/2
I HAVE DILLEAN 550 -- CAN LOAD A 100 ROUNDS IN ABOUT AN HOUR. USE TO GET WHEEL WIEGHTS FOR FREE, AND CAST MY OWN BULLETS. STILL CAN SHOOT BLACK POWDER ALL DAY FOR THE COST OF HAPPY MEAL.
I think he might have been involved in a shooting too just like Amber's partner. I could have sworn that he said that on the stand
I say we bring the #fcumingbadwords back into politics until we don’t need words like SHITFUCK to describe how they treat us lmao
And taking kickoffs he has little chance of getting to the 25 out of the end zone.
When people expose someone they are really exposin the type of person they are...i trusted you with this type of information
According to the evidence, our attempts to "discourage" drug use haven't been effective. It makes sense that we would teach about sex and drugs in the same manner, as it is best if teenagers don't engage in risky behavior, but we know that isn't realistic -
My birthday week is coming up on the 11th and this week I celebrate what would have been my nieces 19th birthday.
If you ask any metal fan who is even a bit aware of the scene they will know Deathspell Omega
One caveat: even though the Portland scene is better overall, Seattle has hands-down the best vegan restaurant I have ever been to, Harvest Beat in Wallingford
WHAT a feeling! When is the 80s throwback party???
Personal space....That’s all I’m saying! He (Ars) has a way of disrespecting that...but I know that’s what he’s planning on doing for the W. Ars is gonna hover over him etc....Until  catch him with the  Hands of god
Mine was like this at first too, to the point he’d choke. After a couple months it resolved itself honestly. I didn’t do anything to stop it. It just kind of happened when I started to regulate
You are a treasure to this city and the best venue owner y’all always do the coolest shit and have the best lineup
As we mark another independence celebration, we encourage citizens to reflect soberly on the journey of 59 years, the lows and the highs it has brought. Are the dreams of our founding fathers still just what it is - dreams? #NigeriaAt59 #Nigeria #NigeriaIndependenceDay
There is no popular national vote genius. We vote by state here in the US.
lord PLEASE. they don’t even deserve to be breathing the same air or be within 100 ft of neo culture technology gtf ONNNN
I’m passionate about startups so I founded a community of startup owners to help the finetune their startup ideas and provide them with the basic online and offline tools they need to get started.
Thanks for enlightening me, you are very keen on this subject. I didn’t realize homosexuality was recognized as a mental illness until the 70s-80s, and makes me rethink definitions of mental illness when I bring it up for today’s issues.
It's possible. Look who the Democrats have for options as potential candidates. They are for the most part laughable. We are back to where we were in 2016 with Bernie and Hillary
down by 27 James Connor & Pitt Defense left to play, will the comeback be completed or will I fall to 2-2 in The League. Find out tonight on tonight’s episode of Monday Night Football. 8:30ET/6:30PT
Hey, I get why the 11 #ImpeachmentInquiry holdouts such as  want to wait to hear the facts. It's an #oldschool strategy, but it's appreciated. Sure, she's in a crimson red state like most the other holdouts, but even if she wasn't I'd be glad. #countryb4party
Tuesday night! Help out the Coyote Band by mentioning their name while you order your delicious steak! Win-win!
Lmao give me the Scorpio toast!!!! The most wrong thing about all of this is that it called me ‘social’. Nah, mate......
Hm? Don't know why you're mumbling something about yourself down there. *chuckles to himself. ohh I GOT him. the warm breath on his collar spreads down to his chest, and up a little to add a faint pink glow to his cheeks. so corny... he leans back a moment, +
Nah bro. CIA protects the POTUS, for quite awhile now. Read more history.
I would've yes, cause than  could've shown his true craziness as Chucky. I felt as if he didn't get a chance to go absolutely insane like Chucky did in the original.
White male privilege. It’s a very icky reality in the USA.
Lessons on life in exchange for art lessons? This sounds very fair. The pale, emotionless sociopath is pleased.
So I’m taking charge of the recycling opportunity at my job so that our break room could be filled with drinks and snacks !
Wow amazing!!!! What time did you have to get there and when did they release wristbands? Were you able to leave the line once you got a wristband? Sorry for all the questions I’d just really love to meet
I like soundtracks that have build ups. Those are the best types of osts... Long or short, a build up is still a build-up.
People stare at me like I won’t stare back at them dead in the eyes I don’t care
Another reason why I no longer read that online toilet paper!! Makes the National Inquirer look like the Gospel. #Trump2020
Funny since all the data shows the opposite of what you claim. And you're the one who thinks your religion occupies the moral high ground? Oh man, I'm losing it laughing over here Stye-Boo!
「魂の奥底に入り込んで鷲掴みにされた初めてのライブのことを、私は今でも覚えている。」を英語で言うと？ 答えは → 「I remember the first act that reached down and grabbed my soul to this day. 」 詳細を見る ->  #英会話 #Clairworks
i like the timing in your board better than the final XD
U may think I’m exaggerating but the truth is, only a teeny tiny bit?
The whole country has experiences excessive rain not see for decades in many areas. This would be hatd to address in short term. Massive change in attitude towards urban planning is needed. Certainly a long haul.
So someone sent a message to the Start101’s group chat . He was grateful and thankful that the business model we helped him build changed his business for good. These kind of feedbacks make me happy. Cheers to PROGRESS!
‘Here are a bunch of charts that prove the world is better than ever’…. https://www.aei.org/carpe-diem/here-are-a-bunch-of-charts-that-prove-the-world-is-better-than-ever/ …
I'm actually right on the outskirts of South Baltimore every Monday. I host pub trivia 4 nights a week. Mondays I'm at World of Beer. Love this part of town.
Speaking of Tyler, I gotta promote my match against Kenny fucking Omega. The dude that people love to call the King of the Anywhere Match. You know, this is absolutely funny, because this is a falls count anywhere match, and this should be your specialty right, Mr. Omega? You’re-
Ahh it makes more sense now sorry. I haven’t bought off twitter yet or even sold due to how many people I’ve heard of getting scammed. Thanks for the info!
Yeah I have text back to like 2014. A lot of them just for the photo attachments
Haha! The same pollster found that 97% think the south won the civil war
The only portion of the electorate Trump cares about has spoken.
*WFE Arthur* The last in my  reboot  Really loved doing these! And I'll be dropping the group shot soon too! They're streaming tomorrow so keep upto date with their page to find times #dftmncb #drawnfromthemind #ccc #comedycontentcollective
 REPUGNANT (great word btw) is when such a word is mis-applied You deliberately took Potus Trumps' assertion OUT OF CONTEXT! (common tactic used by dnc to recruit voters) Stop supporting the dnc puppets of NewWorldOrder agenda, or are you another Traitor? #RealTruth
vote Mike you don't lose your vote please vote Mike the married man the serious man in bbnaija house the pride of bbnaija saison 4 is the winner for this saison believe me love Mike womenlikemike
JV football with the win against Union county 41-6    – at Union County High School
My name is Michelle, but thanks for playing along. What’s the name of your district manager in the Allentown, PA area?
I need to go to Walmart after work and find the cutest, cheapest rug they got
Holidays around the corner make me realize how close I am to having Leo. I swear I feel like I’ve been pregnant a solid 4 months... where tf did the time go?!
The man obviously has problems with respecting rules. You can expect to keep getting slaps on the wrist after breaking the rules multiple times
Trump Pressed Australian Leader to Help Barr Investigate Mueller Inquiry’s Origins - The New York Times
What the fuck, that I was just too pure and good, preciously Cital .
Let's unite and win this country for the sake of the future generations....
Caroline sneers at the brass journal. She dreams about cooling off in the river.
goodnight, i love the pilots and i hope that i wake up hot x
I'm not getting the hype behind http://Yen.io , a few of the smaller YouTubers I follow keep bringing it up in their videos. All I hear is buzzwords like community, meta exchange, arbitraging, etc. I'm not hearing anything innovative or valuable..
Ms. Norman gave the commencement address at  when I graduated in 2016. She had a powerful voice then and throughout her entire life. Rest In peace.
The first two years of the Trump administration was like the upward grade of a roller coaster, only it was pitch black & we had no idea where the top was. Now we’re hurtling down as the investigation speeds up & I’m praying this is the final descent.
You don't have to take me seriously - hopefully u take the pursuit of truth seriously & you take Christ's command to love others w/ the same graciousness he's shown you - love as a material practice of everyday grace & benevolence & mercy. Re: hell - see https://www.bibleodyssey.org/en/people/related-articles/views-on-the-afterlife-in-the-time-of-jesus …
Exactly! Who’s with me? Let’s gooooo..... (where’s the spirit? Where’s the guts?)
Happy Birthday to the beautiful Chantel Jeffries Would love to TITTYFUCK her as she sucks the tip of my hard cock before I brutally fuck her throat Cover her tits with my warm cum
Check out More Magazine Jane Lynch Your Personal Best Monica Potter The New Feminists 2010 https://ebay.us/1wn9fO via
aight gonna do my wow shit, finish that art, and uhhh that's probably gonna take the rest of my night so thats all YEAH
BTW, Bradford did play for the Cardinals after the Vikings. Seems to be able to walk
Over 200 people have joined us for the Not So Scary SlimDown! 2 Products, 4 weeks Running in October. *. DM for the deets ............................................................................................................................… https://ift.tt/2oMg6U5
I hear it’s #InternationalPodcastDay & the best way to celebrate that is by pouring a drink & listening to #TheLastDrop. We’re on every platform so no excuses. Leave a 5 star review & rating on #ApplePodcast to possibly receive something to sip on.
You are the one person who can never betray me and you can never leave my side, that's an order #SapphireBot
It all comes down to what our offense wants to do, hopefully game 162 against the cubs is a sign of what’s to come
The most popular config, obviously (no idea why Tesla does not make more of it). Blue X LR, cream interior (the only config with light headliner), 5 seater. And the most tough option of them all: good build, reasonable panel gaps.
When a female moves into your apartment you slowly start to notice the water in the shower going down the drain slower and slower each week. I didn’t know women shed like this
For the millionth time, quit comparing players, that played in different eras!
I think that the assumption that we shouldn't drown religious dissenters seems a safe one.
You admitted to asking the President of Ukraine to investigate a political opponent. America will be “great again” once you’re in jail.
It’s almost like the game is literally meant for offenses and QBs to put up 4x the better stats with all the current rules. Stats are the only thing that matters to this guy and doesn’t take in to effect the team he had around him. Or for better lack of words didn’t have around
Arms in a natural position and he’s making an attempt to pull away. The fact that it is subjective means it isn’t clear and obvious and VAR won’t overturn it
i've had a couple notifs from you in the past and they make me a little starry-eyed. i LOVE your theories
Nearly half (47%) of those polled were OVER 65 years old while only 3% were aged 18-29! And 59% were women. A whopping 97% were white and NONE were black. This is a masterclass in how to rig a poll for Liz Warren, the favorite of old white people.
Are the odds good to get the trio from white haven?
Centrism, just another brand, consumed with how it is seen rather than having the courage to assert
I couldn't get my fingers of Breakpoint before today evening. Rounded up, I love it!! I played as far you could in the open beta, so I can "really start" with the game this evening after work. I'm def. gonna leave 2 hours early for it
Best live action for sure, but the best overall goes to someone else.
Lol Pulled the "poorly educated" did http://you.You 67% of Americans support impeachment.
dela baby i don’t deserve u you’re literally out there being the best and kindest to everyone, you deserve this as much as i do i have no doubts that you wouldn’t fail in put so much love into his tml as you alr do, so if he followed u id be happy as if it was me, literally
“You can have a new one.” This little girl truly was the one thing both the demon and the hunter agreed on when it came to protection. The real Dean, and even the demon itself, had a soft spot for the broken little thing before them. “You can have loads of gardens. We can +
Hogan cruises into EU trade job – POLITICO https://ift.tt/2oE5tT4 Loading... Phil Hogan arrives for his hearing at the European Parliament in Brussels | Kenzo Tribouillard/AFP via Getty Images Unconfrontational hearing looked more like a coronation than a grilling. By Chr…
does anyone have the link for that clear phone case with the pocket for photocards?
Agreed. If nothing else maybe the pain will help others. How's your week going so far?
sigh it all started when i got to houston. i knew taeil was gonna tweet about where to go in htx so i had multiple drafts saved ready to tweet. so i was driving on the fckn interstate to go pick oomfs up AND HE FCKN TWEETS WHEN I WAS GOING 90 MPH AND I COULDNT PICK UP MY PHONE +
This line is very similar to the NE/Buffalo game. Both are division games but the NE/Buffalo game was two 3-0 teams whereas tonight, it's two 0-3 teams. 1H line very similar lines. Interesting though that NE was -7 and Pittsburgh is -3.5. Tells me this game will be even closer.
Boom come Saturday she sent me the screen shot of him asking her to take the post down. So I hit him up like umm why a post gotta be taken down
I live in a city, so I’m relatively safe. But in the country, you’re a really small target. What kind of armor do they have? Air support, air defense? The real militia has all of that.
Hahaha yep, sounds about right. That’s one of the things they covered during my mini class on HRT, an increase in hunger.
Oh well good. You deserve one you stupid crook. I know I heard you on Fox News say you were there in your personal capacity, not as trump’s lawyer. Do we need to find the footage. Additionally, you were reading your texts on national tv. Give it up or go to jail.
what are u talking about, wasn't officiated unfairly??? he was attacked by the ref...the F**KING ref! He went after K9 with a purpose...there was no reason to put his hands on him. REF'S ARE SUPPOSE TO KEEP THE PEACE NOT GO AFTER PLAYERS..but it is a white man's game
the mundy cow suit will forever be my favorite thing on the planet
They didn’t convince one bit! I always knew this was made up and that collusion with the Democrats was deep and wide! We are not all sheep’s! It’s clear that this has been an ongoing coup against President Trump! We will not allow this to happen....We are millions
Imagine looking at the Championship and thinking "Yeah Steve Bruce, that's our guy." (Congrats you are Mike Ashley, a cheap bastard.)
Prayed, He is faithful!! May God just bless your socks off, in the name of Jesus
Tomorrow is a $2500 catalytic converter for me. The joys of parenthood.
The longest female rap #1 of all time is Fancy??? Is that even rap?? pls break this record for the love of god
How is your company preparing for the #FutureofWork? Take our #survey on global talent trends and we'll send you a free copy of the findings: http://bit.ly/2n2cSvf
This is the best response I've seen all week. Thank you.
Many moaned that free agency would kill the NFL, yet it's bigger than ever. Whenever a talented free agent hits the market, fans from across the spectrum hope he'll land with their team regardless of where he played previously.
Back the 50% off New dual drivers TWS earbuds on Kickstarter, get chance to win iWatch 5 series! https://wn.nr/kztLAH
Wouldn't be surprised to see goaltender Jack Campbell have more responsabilities this year with the . He kept a 0.928 save percentage last year and could possibly become a NHL starter in the near future.  will have to prove himself!
This is, by far, the best metaphor I have seen for the last 72 hours in US politics.
Luke Combs - She Got The Best Of Me (Radio Edit)Luke Combs20172
Catching up on podcasts (as always) and it is extremely surreal to listen to the  weekly roundup from Aug 29 talking about the lack of public sentiment for and House Democrats being divided on impeachment. Like watching a movie where you know what happens later ...
With a VADER score of 0.059 this tweet is closest to the average sentiment of all recent tweets in the greater Belfast area.
1st AR night of the year. Big success! #BOBCATPROUD
*Megumi had left a message with an attendant at the wedding.* "Don't have a dress or suit? Simply as for a complimentary kimono. (Please return after wedding.)"
Dont'a Hightower is a Tennessean who played for Alabama. While there, he was the pride of the Crimson Tide, so would fans have preferred a less talented back from Birmingham since in general TN, isn't awfully popular with most Bama natives?
"Women aren't anime fans for attention, dudebros" - Woman anime fan, farming for attention for liking a hobby other women have enjoyed for eons and not seeing the irony (2019)
Skin the color of bark clothes smellin like trees diggin my earh ,
Yeah, six figure income, and she’s complaining about student debt! Hey lady how about you pay off your loan first then live in the high rise of Minnapolips! Just like every other Somali living off the government. Because it’s easy and beats working for a living!
 Yo, if you guys are going all white and repainting the helmets each week why not just go full storm trooper and make em white. Could look badass. Just sayin. Look good play good. #BobbleHead
I Kant be the only nigga Dhat do this when I’m fresh out the shower
Here lies ragesaq. He was the first one to be sure to make a big deal about the oculus rift and the new features that are actually available to be able to be played on a different level and it has been a very good experience with that game that is the best game ever.
ok first of all, i'm a man, and literally, pride is THE event when people - cishet, should respect us, and help us and by
If he was a GOOD judge, he’d still be on the bench......
Justin has security everywhere. On the water, at the gate, everywhere. I promise he is okay and no one is going to ruin it for him. My babies are having the time of their life and I’m so happy for them.
Thank you Rudy. I now agree that you will ultimately be the HERO !!! Taking down the Trump Crime Family while sacrificing yourself ala Miss Sloan will be your crowing achievement. Bravo Rudy, Bravo.
The porn... please... your likes and RTs appear on my timeline bro... relax. Save them to your bookmarks if anything, thanks!
You folks are LOST. Pulte is getting rich offa YOU. IT IS FAKE!!!!!!!!!!! L O I CAN SMELL THE PONZI SCHEME LEAKING OUTTA YOUR PORES.
Hey stop using the photos of corin riggs ok let that girl be ok
Well the president admitted more than once in public on tv, his lawyer admitted it on tv, the transcript and whistleblower complaint confirm it. but yeah not a lot of evidence to go off of better look the other way until it isn't a republican committing the crime Youtube tho
The people that should care the most sometimes seem to care the least.
Although the technical rating is bad, $ATM.L does present a nice setup opportunity.  #ChartMill #AfritinMiningLimited #ATM #LondonStockExchange #TechnicalAnalysis
How close does he need to be Rich before he would get the correct decision
I wish Twitter allowed for muting the RT notifications. I like RTs and sometimes I RT myself, but the notifications are a bit much.
Oh not nearly as long as the last one LOL. I would be done, but I had this idea this morning to add “stuff” to it, so it needs a bit more work.
They are so screwed.If the Dems do not to impeach Trump their left wing base which runs the show will go ballistic.If they do impeach, they will have to use real "witnesses" who will be cross examined and team Trump will put Team Obama/Biden/Hillary etc on trial as his defense
I don't really think that the end result of a play is what I look for, at least. What I wanted was better play TYPE and TIMING. There were too many runs on first downs and in long situations. There was hardly any PA used despite it being very effective
Someone who has done this before help me lmao. So boom, i first got on birth control to help my hormones but now im on it so i wont get pregnant. So i wanna try red maca root BUT if im already on bc, im safe from the pregnant (as long as im consistent af) right????
Sorry for your loss. Following you and loving the way your are honoring your late brother.
I only wish the best for ya, you in pain hit me up or don’t. Just continue to live and love.
Thank you for *still* digging up new material from the tour. You are definitely a big help in filling the VanderVault archives.
I’ve been watching the hip hop docuseries on Netflix, he seems like a really cool guy!
Fred’s unreliable rn but if pogbas at the 10 maybe we score more goals and try to be entertaining at least if we can’t win lol. Maybe Fred can grow into the role...or shit put fuckin lingard back there cuz he ain’t scoring no goals
If you were concerned about ethical farming you would stand against the farming of ANY sentient being & eat plants
Please Vote for #FumiYam as #RAWRAwards2019's NEWBIE OF THE YEAR! Link link link Facebook - heart react  Twitter - Retweet  Instagram - Like https://www.instagram.com/p/B3Cx1Hen2oR/
If it was no such thing as YouTube would you pay attention to the music or care about how many other people saw it
That kind of twisting history to fit one's own preconceptions was the only time in RCIA that I got all
How much would the richest NCAA D1 hockey programs be willing to pay the game's top junior prospects? (Some, not all, could afford. B.U. in 2016 generated $8.6M in revenue; U of Minn $5.9M; U of Wisc $5.8M; U of North Dakota $5.2M.)
Gosh ain’t this the truth! Hadn’t quite thought of it in these relative terms though.
i remember reading cable providers like dish and cox and charter get way more than the network... they split 40% or something and fighters keep 60% ish
I solved the final wheel of Fortune found before they even revealed letters! Let me sign up!
Want to minimize your Blue light exposure? If that's the case, you may want to consider the Iris Blue light filter. This review is my in-depth breakdown of Iris. http://bit.ly/2L9Hlzc #BlueLight #Healthy
So I'm at Barnes & Noble and in the romance section, there are at least 3 books where a trade edition and a mass market version of the same book are sitting next to each other on the shelf. All 2017/18 releases. I HAVE QUESTIONS.
Why do people continue to chase the good figures and get themselves three or for of the same figure?? People I follow have bought liv Morgan four times now. Why?? #figlife
Fantastic team! Excited to see the work that comes from it.
“Alright and plus it’s a beautiful day as well.” She smiling at them as goes back to the food almost finish. Making their plates.” Yes that’s why it’s better to start early right”
Live shot of the Republican Party. That Nazi blimp is going down.
This song makes me imagine the love stories of my parents and grandparents seriously.. How it bloomed and last up until today.. This song makes me emotional in a good way! Thank you for this Jongdae! #ShallWeMVOutNow #YesWeShallCHEN
It looks like he's slowly reaching the level Dawson did in the mid 80s when he didn't care for the show that much.
Check out our new location in #RioRancho, NM! We are looking for awesome Shift Lead to join the team. Apply today! http://bit.ly/2o4yA1v #Restaurant
Just heard someone say..as soon as I post on line they're going to put so much voodoo on my vagina...they were putting witchcraft/ voodoo on the top od my head..back..foot..its still all over me but I can feel some kind of moving thing in those spots
I have my days. The days where I feel so blessed, so loved, so special, so lucky to be who I am, so lucky to have all the people in my life. And then the days where I don't. The days where it takes a little more to convince myself.
I wasnt crazy about going but was pretty zen about it. We get my blood work results tomorrow. How is everything at the new castle?
I was so ready to go to NYC for Niall then I realized that I reschedule my appointment for the orthodontist
He means NOT to use the words “poor” or “underclass” or “poverty” ever. The vernacular of his campaign avoids those phrases like the plague.
When I read about false prophets in the Bible; I thought they would be more clever than this. Who knew it would be utterly ridiculous false prophets. Church Of Sweden Announced Greta Thunberg ‘Successor’ Of Jesus https://www.dailywire.com/news/church-of-sweden-announced-greta-thunberg-successor-of-jesus/ …
Busan = jimin 13 = jimin Oktober = jimin Busan,13 0ktober = Happy day to jimin in month 191001Jimin makes it to the 2019 edition of BoF 500 #JimInNews #Jimintober #HelloJimtober #WelcomeJimtober #WeLoveYouJimin #JIMIN #지민 #ジミン #朴智旻
In a strange twist of fate I might be able to make it to HKDL for Halloween. Prob won’t have a lot of time there but happy all the same
I’m excited to hear a new commentary team on Raw! It’s going to bring some much needed spice plus The King on commentary is always a win win
James Cameron wants us to stop treating the ocean like a toilet https://www.treehugger.com/ocean-conservation/james-cameron-wants-us-stop-treating-ocean-toilet.html …
Free ride? From whom? I’m the one paying for everything.
I feel bad they believed the Conservative media that lied to them, but they didn't do their homework. In the end they got exactly who they voted for. I'll save my sympathy for the children at the border, who were ripped from their parents arms.
Wow, the president thanking breitbart. We are in the twilight zone.
That's the funniest poll I've ever seen! What's even funnier is that  actually believes it!
Random? The higher my wizard level the worst it is, I'm over lvl 25 now & use potions but they depart more than they did than when I was brand new, even with a high lvl potion still active
George...you should talk your bride in getting out while the getting is good because TRUMP is going down!
Yes Indeed they are so is the Media and Congress that will never changed these people have showed their true colors and I don't like what i have seen.
The Python, my dream pistol!!!!! - Beauty of one here on consignment!! - PN: CLTCPYTHON357 - - - - - - - - Looking for more information? Check out our Website - Link in Profile! P 204-748-2454 E…
The Gun Detector - Smarter Every Day 225 https://youtu.be/Lh0x54GC1sw via
Okay our upstairs neighbors have a dog (they aren’t suppose to) and the poor thing is just parking bc they aren’t home and it’s making me real concerned like When will you guys come back? Please come back soon. I don’t want to rat you out to the landlord but if you don’t come
N Y already Driver licensees for Immigrants #AskGovMurphy can you also help NJ with this Program because helps for Safety Roads, Better information of who’s in our town and helps to the Economy
I understan and I’m going to qoute someone: The escape velocity from within a black hole's event horizon is faster than the speed of light. And if it’s faster than light and it’s pulling you in why don’t you accelerate? General relativity is always right but... #justwondering
Not at all. Plus, I think every defender hopped over the fence after that last 2 road games until he proves otherwise.
girl i got the vip meet & greet package i was not playing bout summer, she said it’s her first and last tour don’t judge lmfaoo
we luvv youu you’re one of the many reasons I stay motivated
There’s something there! If not he wouldn’t survive. Credit to the man
Pagan Community Notes for 9/30 - The Black Flame conference is cancelled after Sarah Anne Lawless raises concerns about presenter affiliations. - The Free Spirits Alliance is re-organizing. - Dana O’Driscoll become AODA Grand Archdruid. - And more! https://wildhunt.org/2019/09/pagan-community-notes-canadian-occult-conference-cancelled-fsa-reorganizing-and-revamping-fsg-and-more.html …
I really want to see the length of my hair ...looking at a pic in January and a pic I took in July whew thee growth ...and it’s October now so I know it’s longer
I have a question, how many NFL QB's win a ballgame when they rush for less than 75 yards? Can you show a sample size of QB's that win games when their team rushes for less than 75 yards? I would like to see the statistics on that.
Thanks!! World News Now!! 4 "TOP FAN" Of The Week Again!! NOW!! HAVE ME ON THE SHOW!! 2 INSPIRE THE WORLD 2 DREAM!! — feeling determined
The reality is that the deep state and the corrupt administration of 44 are going to face justice. The fake news has decided to ride that train with them so they will go down as well.
Great news!  announced that it is building its new Mac Pro in Texas. This means hundreds of American jobs in Austin and for suppliers across the Country. Congratulations to Tim Apple and his workers! - fixed it for you
Happyyy birthdayy to the kindest hagoraa, may this year be full of happiness and joy & may all your dreams come true, sweet 19 habebty
Great idea! Got to hand it to the Japanese. They’d never smother 5760 acres of agricultural land with glass, plastic and chemicals
Producing a hybrid design now,is like turning up 10 years to late to the electric party.
lrt: okay but maybe it’s just me but the way he talks reminds me of a teacher you’re meeting for a conference meeting ASDGHJKL and i am already feeling so comforted just hearing his voice! ;w; (also does he have a teddy bear in his room?!?)
For example, their SNES/N64 cable works with GameCube, but this is more of a bonus since the Carby HDMI adapter is a much more ideal GameCube solution (native digital with OSD). I believe there is a true digital HDMI mod being worked on for the og Xbox, but not much info on that
Slow dancing in the dark de Joji se ha convertido en mi himno.
Ok ok i need to stop for now and go eat breakfast ehfjjfk n go back to reading the novel bc im so gay... anw wolfram i kno ur engaged and all but if ur out there...call me
I... also wish I had no idea where you were, Mike Huckabee. The world would be a better place if no one knew you existed.
idk if this is clear but the first person was my ex haha and we had been dating for almost 2 year before, and the "long distance" lasted about 2 weeks. it's just crazy bc i never thought I'd be ok with or want to be dating someone who i was so far from, but here we are lmao
This has been bothering me all night and I couldn't figure out why, thank you for this thread bc it finally let me realize that Mr Murphy could have named river anything but river but I am 90% sure he did soley for this song to have some sort of impact in another show
Can’t wait to see how you are adapting the materials to make them work for your class! Hope to get on episode 4 soon!
At some point everything gets really confusing even though you are dead right with your decision .. #TwistedFaith but quieting is not an option until more funds is secured in the bag than I can carry. #MainFokus
Today in #ReliefRoom history 1973, Bucky "Don't Call Me Darrell" Brandon played his last MLB game, w/ the #Phillies. He nabbed 8 Saves w/ the Phils, pitched 8 G for the Seattle Pilots in 69 & dominated the windbreaker-under-the-jersey game. #Legend
I tried to sneak over to talk but I’m glad I at least got to say hi to you before going to my booth Saturday morning.
Do you want to go to  ? I think you as NXT Champion with  by your side and being the leader of a stable consisting of   and  would be awesome!
I’m going to disagree here. When the msm doesn’t acknowledge your mission you take advantage of whatever means necessary to spread the good news that we are different from the leftists. Much different. With love Bruh
#Save me, O God; for the waters are come in unto my soul.
Mi just feel like if you pay for a thing just do it right and done. Suck off the breasts! LOL
We both had some good 200 IQ plays but Zack had the most
All coins and tokens are related to the cryptocurrency. Currency is a medium of exchange, unit of account or a store of value. http://bit.ly/2A8xmpk
Tell us about yourself 1- yunes beyn kelyope 2- single dUhHh 3- Truth Untold 4- 1,187 5- WebComics 6- J 7- MSHS 8- Filipino 9- kung pede lang jud 10- ew no 11- side hoe HAHA 12- 2019 13- dancing? 14- suma HAHAHAHA Drop an emoji for the questions
I've had the opportunity of listening to this interview session properly, I think we have a problem of Understanding questions in Nigeria first, The explanation he offered is why sometimes when you say something they should remark your law school and university exam scripts
r/BetterEveryLoop Let this thing play. You will not be able to find the beginning or end. Word vomit. #TrumpTreason
Trading this for a cc! It’s the rarest stroller in the game, I can add a panda pal too #adoptmetrades feel free to offer
Pro tip for the Pussygrabber...If you’re innocent there is no need to threaten your accuser. If you do, you’re tipping your hand.
I should say that blue is clearly the best but maladroit has a special place in my heart
I stand with you 100%! I am a gay man that walked away from the Democrats with all of this corruption! I and many of my gay friends are voting for you in 2020! Thank you Mr President and we are 100% behind you! #Trump2020 #WalkAwayFromDemocrats
If that's his own definition of Afro beat vibe, then he is definitely going to give us the same vibe on his album
Awesome game! And good to get the Baltimore stank off our plane!
girl i been saying this. like that does NOT do the real addams fam justice. but theyre turning ‘traditions/everything’ around for the new generation.
Biggest Sale of the Season. ORDER HERE: https://rebrand.ly/54364 Makes a perfect gift. Buy 2 or more and get discounted shipping.
You know when I met my.father for the first time, at 21, I learned his and mother's mistakes were not mine. Your future doesn't have to be based on their choices. Love you!
Loved the maturity in the characters. So relieved that it was rationally dealt!
We get to celebrate 2020 :D It's amazing what the future has brought us.
We don’t have the humidity thankfully. Just 118 degrees yuck
You guys look like the coverage of my 4g cellphone service.
We will definitely bring that up. Peoples' lives whether British in the EU or EU citizens in Britain are being destroyed, none of this was made clear before the ref (or if it was I missed it). I assumed all immigrants currently in the UK wouldn't be affected (ditto Brits in EU).
She could’ve called for an impeachment inquiry from day 1. She’s a fucking snake who didn’t care that Trump was locking kids in cages, that he sexually assaulted numerous women, or that he uses the office of President for his business’ profit.
this is so true! there have been so many books recently - Platinum, NB, TE, maybe even ILB with what’s been said in the article - which ended in a way that could so obviously be continued into another book.
I only know the fan life it's hard to be a normal acc when u have 0 personality
 and  always like my post, I love y'all so much!!!! I hope everything is going good and I'm still waiting on wedding invitations from the both of you!
A finger came up to press against the dimple; nose scrunching slightly. He adored that smile of hers. “Oh of course. I could never be as strong as you, babygirl.” The soldiers lips parted slightly at her words. “Wow three cups, huh?” He chuckled. —
I'm so glad you're getting the fuck out of there your roomie seemed like a complete nightmare. I wish you everything of the best with your move
Lol running backs usually get hurt bro. Frank Gore won’t be remembered like all the greats and u kno it
Bears will beat the Raiders. I seriously am not worried
I'm just a small streamer right now, but the video has me saying what is this game, and i want to see more!
I think this is one of the best songs of this century Harry Styles - Sign of the Times (Live on The Graham Norton Show) https://youtu.be/Y8R-zl7SDUU via
True, but I bitched hard enough and got NFL Sunday ticket for free and $120 credit. It was worth the hassle
I’m seeing  in 12 days and I’m noooot ready. It’s literally gonna be the best day of my entire life
Serious question...why is Sebastian Gorka traveling with the Secretary of State for the United States Government...?
Oh lucky I haven't seen or read those post. Well did encounter it on #TheCrown YT comments but I tried to think positively about the cb. I believe this is a well thought-out cb. It may not cater to all of us the fans whims but I believe they have considered their fans in this cb
I tapped the top part of my screen to get past that premium add, wath is working so far
WAV is fine. great even. I don't mind the work since I'm gonna do a lot to begin with ( like a couple days worth). I really Wana make something cool so we can get all the others on board. Of course my ideas may not work ( I Wana get a 7 string involved when you go to standard)
I thought the same thing - very nice that they are so pure!
#𝙏𝙖𝙤𝙗𝙖𝙤 𝙙𝙚𝙡𝙞𝙫𝙚𝙧𝙮 𝙩𝙞𝙢𝙚 𝙞𝙨 𝙖𝙡𝙬𝙖𝙮𝙨 𝙖 𝙝𝙖𝙥𝙥𝙮 𝙩𝙞𝙢𝙚! ▁ ▂ ▄ ▅ ▆ ▇ █ What does the bundle look like? I think it looks like a giant drumstick! █ ▇ ▆ ▅ ▄
Try to play along and remember that the Mueller investigation was a hoax. The biggest scandal in the history of U.S. politics. Now it's time for the Boss to get to the bottom of things. Who else is going to? Greatest President of our lifetime. #MAGA2020
I've always wondered how Obama could approve an agreement involving billions of dollars with Iran with out some type of action by Congress. I've also wondered where Obama got those billions of dollars he gave Iran. No questions from either the Dems or the GOP!!
Yep, almost to the time of year where you wait around to go to bed at 9. Feels like it is midnight at 7:30.
Connie is the best. Won’t be the same without her.
Students for trump ? Sounds like a oxymoron! You really need to pick better schools. And your facts are are really hosed up. Go back and study anything but fox news, test in the morning.
Trying to be the common man, pretending to be bottom up for the people. Most of us do not have "gym Jordan's" reputation. He's not common at all. Except in the majority of Tea Party hypocrisy. He's in the norm there.
Thank you ! Your character and charisma bought joy to a lot of people in the gaming world! Good luck in your future endeavours!
While watching the Pizza Hut commercial for the new cheez it pizza things my mom says “that’s gross” and my dad, at the exact same time says “that actually looks interesting” Opposites really do attract I guess
So yeah, here’s our new Javista No. 2, around the corner from Javista No. 1. We quietly opened a few weeks ago, and are officially celebrating our opening all day on 10/16/19. We have cool new food & drink there as well as our reliable ol’ favorites. Do come.
What are we supposed to watch if all the good movies are rated 18+ likee ...
Okay so it’s of value to run for election as a shield from investigation. That explains the field of 20+ candidates.
Are we sure this guy isn't actually Tad? He could've become a lawyer in the time since AMC went off the air. The name could be a pseudonym
Awwww she’s learning!!! You are doing a good job she’s gonna be a pro by the end of the year!!
The USMCA is NAFTA with a new name. Your time would be better spent taking up bills that have passed the House. #MoscowMitch
Haven't said for a long time how much I love the White Helmets - respect and love always!
Even the belly dancer gave mercy two long dances. Na wa o. Lambo Jazz works on everybody #BBNaija
Try and resist Buddy. This one is the best! #TeamPete #PeteForAmerica #RescueDogs
When we start eating the rich or using the guillotine again, make sure this guy gets his come upons first.
in the beginning he wasn’t as ripped then after the leveling up and training came this body Lmao
idk y’all I’m really happy being so in love with galen and the fact that we’re planning and investing in a future together so much just makes me
Not even the biggest names in the industry would have “undisclosed” locations of music events. His assistant is telling ppl that it’s undisclosed so that “randoms” don’t show up. They wouldn’t be able to get in without tickets anyway! a #scam waiting to happen
We are going to see that Donald Trump was the person chosen for this hour. We will see that there are many views that Ultimately share the same enemies. Justice is coming and for that we will all be grateful. The Israel connection is complex. #Q is saving this for last.
Baseball players are some of the finest specimens I have ever had the pleasure of staring at.
not saying leave it to the experts. saying educate people and let them form their own judgements.
I guess I just don’t appreciate how the subtleties are getting magnified by Franco and Matt here. There’s so much evidence for the utility of ACR and CHR. People mistake the probing and blatant hacks at the work for more than its worth.
If you are going to compare Scheer and Ford then compare them to Trudeau and Wynne. Then decide do you want the bankruptcy twins or leaders that are fiscally responsible? That would be Scheer, hands down. Trudeau is def. not as advertised.
I have 2 wax on tablets both are amazing and have never failed me, one is about 4 years old the other is almost 10 years
If that's the case, we'd better start planning a big feast right away. I'll get 44 reeds for rice gruel right away.
Hey stoners, why don’t you put the marijuana away, get out of your mom’s basement, and help society for once by finding out why my wife left and took the kids.
Like, I’m pretty sure that rule 101 of the FBI is ‘if there is any way that you can avoid talking to the FBI, avoid talking to the FBI’
Once upon a time, Mikayla steered the postal worker who was challenging and lived happily ever after.
“the manipulation of information so that the target will make decisions against their interests, but in the interests of the one conducting information warfare.”
I am thinking half of Trump supporters stay with him because he is in favor of FORCING women to have babies they do not have the resources to take care of. Also such resources will NOT be provided by his administration. Seriously, fuck that guy!
I always thought the talk of Farage becoming PM was far-fetched, but I was clearly mistaken.
*He eagerly returns the embrace, chests pressing together as he hugs the other tight.* I never realized how much of a softie you are. It’s cute.
Yes. The joro don dey gel. The wizkid and davido witchcraft.
ah yeah, have that version on DVD (i have a very tiny contribution to it... i helped with a tiny little piece of the footage they used in the stage show). the revival version from a couple of years ago is also good <3
98% of rappers that ever existed are better than Da Baby. Stop with the 50 Cent comparisons
Blaze TV looks really happy down there IN THE RED "Inaccurate / fabricated info" RECTANGLE. (Can't find it? Lower right.)
actually it turn into the best and biggest freaking party ever..
I was just listening to Departure yesterday. All the way from All my Children and Dreamstreet to being my boo thang. Get ya shine on boo! Get it! Lol. Lms
I enjoy the comic relief their panicked exits add to the fall garden.
Shout out to  crated by  and  bringing the best way to interact with many #Kuzgun fans around the world. We love you girls.
Surely you don’t think wrongdoing is in the Democratic Party and not the republicans. You all have your marching orders. Like calling the Democratic Party the SocialistParty, because we are responsible for social programs like Social Security and Medicare.
She needs a friend for the upcoming cuffing season
While business confidence isn't the best measure to begin with, one must remember business confidence and economic projections/performance are *not* the same thing. Just as workers can have stagnant wages in a growing economy, businesses can project https://www.stuff.co.nz/business/116225611/business-confidence-at-lowest-level-since-2009-nzier …
You should leave for three hours more often, clearly. Might accelerate the process.
#Dbacks #RattleOn Thank god Butcher is gone. Hopefully the new pitching coach doesn’t manage a horrible bullpen and/or screws up Ginkel’s development
This is awesome and really cool but tell the mom to put the damn wine glass down for a minute to embrace your kid
If you have nothing to hide then just let congress hear the full phone call.
I just liked “The Invisible City, Kakuma - Title Sequence” on #Vimeo:https://vimeo.com/190540891
mount everest ain't got shit on me cause im on top of the world
I’ll give you the rink as the happy place but the Pens jersey...i don’t know.
He pulls out a piece of paper and shows it to Astra "I want to look like this,but better" Its a sword with the blade of a samurai sword and the handle of a knights with the hand guard looking like a heart
The athleticism of the plane saving hero is off the charts
One of our most popular shows ever is the introspective interview we did with . After the interview, three experts do an astrological chart analysis and soul life review. It's pretty amazing what they say. http://www.outerlimitsradio.com/belzer/
Congratulations to the young ladies who have been nominated for the 2019 Benedictine Military School Homecoming Court.
I have reached the place I stood before, and am even beginning to surpass it. I have come back from the depths of deep despair, addiction, loss, and trauma with my sanity intact and my purpose reborn. I may be gentle and kind, but I am a force, and I will see my dreams realized.
I’m just glad the Missouri was able to make it back to Port thanks to Steven Seagal
Thanks for the love, Bradley! We are in the business of getting places fast. We're glad you approve and are along for the ride!
I feel like I’m the only one who doesn’t want to watch the untamed? I was excited for it but once it was actually here I was like ehhhhhhhh I think it might be bc I don’t wanna associate a real face with any of the characters?? Idk
EasTech Boys Basketball is looking for 2 games for the 2019-20 season. Need January dates... anyone interested?
You do so much, it's the least I could do. Thank YOU (It's totally okay, you're so busy these days, we all get that)
You did this in the artstyle of the Broly movie this looks so good
Thinks may not happen when we want them to but they always happen on time. I have faith in the talent.
Part-time Bartender https://www.worldwidenetjobs.com/uk/part-time-bartender-2/ … The Jazz Cafe Location : Camden Town ENG GB _Do you want to work f...
Was Trump requesting a favour after assisting Morrison to victory in the May federal election ? Now help with US domestic issue by helping derail the Mueller inquiry. You might even get a state reception if you throw Downer under the bus.
$20k+ in earnings, tops in almost every FNCS cup through Season 10, and it's only the beginning. Welcome F7 to #THERBLN - #moneymovesonly
Anybody wanna put away my clean clothes while I watch the game
Mate you're having a laugh no team in the history of the PL has had more decisions than United your club is built on them.
I’m so ready for the NBA to start. I think this is going to be one of the best seasons to be a fan.
Really appreciate  and  They are a class act.... Inside the Headset will chat with  Wednesday ....  football has a 5-0 start they catch Dayton Friday.
I used to watch him all the time but there's better leftist shows out there now.
Interesting question. He's always been patriotic, so the Democrat party left him... And he's cheap, so fiscally conservative. (btw, he'll cut budget during second term when House Dems are ousted and we've primaried some GOPe) Abortion? What other issues has he changed on?
Well what old head? You are 70 and look 90 should we insult you? Journalist, LMAO calling you that, like you put the Daily News out of business. #SAD
<(030)> i ain’t human, I’m an unknown specimen. One of the only things I’ll happily take from that 2nc shithole.
Will we get our asses kicked? Yep Will it piss me off? Yep Will I still Bleed Orange? Yep ALL VOL, ALL THE TIME, #VFL It’s UGA Week! #GBO
https://youtu.be/kR_t_lCO3WQ #NewMusic #YourHeart by #ChrisBrown Enjoy the jam!
I’ve got #Nationals winning the #NLWildCard on TBS.
1- queen 2- frEE hihi 3- carry on by f.u.n. 4- 4k aaaaaa 5- oOPS HAHa 6- a 7- nambubusabos lookin 8- asgardian 9- 4 pa LANG 10- wala pa :( 11- lika kayo dito tara na agad sks 12- 2017 13- sis 14- ure so hardworking sana ol labyu mare this twt for the questions
Problem solved! Get a Septuagint although I don't buy what you're saying. Perhaps adding vowels is what happened instead? I know they (Rabbi) altered the MT in the 1st century which the KJV uses. Septuagint predates modern Judaism by like 380 years so much more trustworthy.
Never thought I’d understand the “its not you, it’s me” concept, but it’s definitely me and not them
Find the time to improve your physical and mental health every chance you get- ChefBargas #eatgoodfeelgood
okokokkokoko maybe i WILL , you'll be one of the Lucky people who get to see it first if i do make it
Yoooo  you and the people you worked with made a masterpiece.
i think having friends is the most cutest thing possible
he only want me when i'm not there... better call Becky with the good hair.... HE BETTER CALL BECKY WITH THE GOOD HAIR!
I would say stick it out. One of the better animes I've watched recently. It ramps up towards the latter half.
I voted for #Supernatural in #TheScifiFantasyShow! Submit your votes for the E! People's Choice Awards at https://eonli.ne/2YRNUiS #pcas
Tell the truth Trump is going after them because they are crooks I don't want them around to rigg another election.
We’re in the trust tree, folks. Give me your favorite guilty pleasure songs. We all have them, don’t lie.
Wow, nice research! Forgot about that piece. I did end up running into some Jews while I was there, but this was like 8 years ago. Maybe look at the guy who opened the b&b that I linked to in the article? I vagurly remember running into him on a hiking trip of some kind.
From the Shinto perspective, gods are the true nature within all things. Originally, gods exist namelessly in nature or in tools.
I’m not a wizard I am a witch and the only house u can find me in is Stevie Nicks’
Sixers finally have what will probably be close to the best starting 5 in the NBA (again) with a bench that isnt drek past the first 2.5 guys! Title time bitches #TornMeniscusMyDick
SUPPORT  AND GET ON HER GOOD SIDE BEFORE SHE BECOMES TOO POWERFUL AND RULES THE PLANET WITH AN IRON FIST
This tweet is facts. The parties want zealots. They don’t want anyone to challenge the status quo. Play their game, their way, or they have no use for you.
It's of the upMoST imPORTANCE! I need to put bottoms to their place
You don't need the tech support You ARE the tech support
There are plenty of good FBI agents in the agency... let’s have one of them look into this.
It’s the only way to get any time with him. #emoluments. Also Trump will be out of power at some point. They will need to work in good faith with subsequent administrations.
The country is watching you #MoscowMitch . You can start doing your job for the American people or you're likely to be going down with your fearless leader.
My name is muhammad and i typed this with my eyes open cause I don't give a shit about the rules
Okay jackets, there’s been a change to the Homecoming spirit week!! This is the FINAL schedule for spirit week!! Come to school next week dressed up in the themes!! #GoJackets #Homecomingspiritweek #yellowjackets
hhhhhh I’m happy for all the monika fans but I want grand rein so bad please cygames
Since it seems I won’t be attending the Chris Brown concert.. I guess I’ll go see Joker
I think what's important is that efficiency/effectiveness are not positives in themselves. Efficiency/effectiveness of life-saving drugs, sustainable farming/energy, etc? All great. However we need to remember that the drive for innovation can just as easily be harnessed for evil
Health care is getting more and more expensive, and low-wage workers are bearing more of the cost https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2019/9/30/20891305/health-care-employer-sponsored-premiums-cost-voxcare?utm_campaign=vox&utm_content=entry&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter … via
Man the UGA female sports programs STAY lit like this #DGD
Happy new month.... Wizzy with the vibe again on a spiritual level no sleeping this night #Joro
‘Sup you wannabes? Our rapper babies are here to tell you about the all-new Drypers Drypantz with customized fit and how they’re designed to fit your baby at every stage of growth. Get a FREE sample or buy one now! http://sot.ag/bQvSm
What would be the first thing you'd recommend someone read that is interested in this topic?
 what the fck kind of headline is this? There is nothing wrong with asking Countries to assist in finding those involved in the coup attempt. "Pressed" ?? Be better #NYPost
'The People's Champion' receives a well deserved welcome at today's Conservative Party comedy show.
So the Chit has hit the fan? Getting Impeachment Popcorn... #MoscowMitch #DuckFrumpf
If there is ever a new DBS arc I hope the same is done. Great feature all anime should do the same at this point.
Well Sakurai did say that he wanted to please the fans and Shantae has a huge fanbase. So it's likely that Shantae will make it in smash ultimate.
 I,m hoping you will do the brother song for your new album in honour of you and  and Sam n dean
My three year YouTube anniversary is coming up on the 2nd of October. Honestly it just seems like yesterday to me. Working on my channel really helped get me through some tough times and that just simply means that all of you who follow me mean so much to me! Thanks you so much!!
He prosecuted the Rosenbergs so I'd assume that meant DoJ. I think he was a Federal prosecutor. Was by all accounts a brilliant lawyer.
So, Greta not ONLY has to have the courage to deliver truth on a world stage, but she has to be ‘big enough’ to be trolled by leaders and emission supporters
{ } ;; he waits patiently, with a calculated glare as the screams fill his ears. from his perch above the flames, his violet eyes catch the streaked lights of the burning rescue vechicles. what a pain. lio sends a flare to meet them, hoping to slow their advancement.
hahaha, the first it's too hard, and i'm fine with the second one...
Imagine trying to make sweet love to your soulmate and your gf claiming she wanna join the threesome
grateful to keep learning lessons and even more grateful that i have enough energy tools & strategies to learn & integrate the lesson with ease. i don’t have to spend days and months on something unless i really need to. i have the awareness of the pattern & that’s great.
Zach Peterson runs it in from 25 yards out on the first play in the 2nd OT! OC 14 Case 7
I have a tendency to scroll to the end of longer fics to make sure my pair is still together and happy at the end
Enjoy some Nivanfield action in public on the beach, our boys are certainly offering a show for the curious eyes ;) #PiersNivans #ChrisRedfield #Nivanfield #RE6
Difference between someone who understands that the result is what matters, and someone who thinks the rules are more important than the outcome.
What? Guy: I'm sorry sir, but you cant play this game anymore. I cant have you taking all the prizes for your boyfriend. *I blush a little*
In which  heroically braves testifying in the New Sechester courtroom in order to try to save her brother Jay's life.
OK HERE IT IS! The best eppy of #RHOC Recapped by THE BEST ⁦ ⁩ & ⁦ ⁩ & if that’s not awesome enough ITS A LIVE SHOW! SERIOUSLY you all need 2 listen here now! But be WARNED - pee from laughing might happen!https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/watch-what-crappens/id498130432?i=1000451401048 …
MILLION BUCKS - If the nation’s aggregate net worth of $113.5 trillion was spread equally across all 122.5 million U.S. households, every American household would be worth $927,000 (source: Federal Reserve).
In our case, I think mass transport means efficiency AND moving most people in every trip. Because the objective isn’t only moving people. It’s also reducing the number of vehicles occupying roads to decongest thoroughfares.
I never thought the two teams that were always the top two would be fighting for a win. Wild times man.
e eu que gosto da lovely the band, ninguem mais conhece, so tem 3 fas e nenhuma camiseta pra vender
I usually don’t buy pumpkin anything. I passed these up at HEB, once then twice then I made the u-turn - they’re not bad.
I’ve got #Nationals winning the #NLWildCard on TBS.
What morons. The whistleblower actually used the old form (May 2018). That form has blocks to be checked for source 1) First hand 2) Co-workers 3) Other These idiots are playing BENGHAZI !!! all over again.
GAMER OOMFS. what was the first ever video game u played??
Well he must’ve liked the tampon dropper as well to introduce himself
Just like I have been saying all along the majority of the American people have your back we will all get through these roadblocks together
I dreamt about ryeowook last night. He announced about his relationship. And then i hugged him for a long time.. the first and the last hug i got from him. And here i am, full awake and feel tight on my chest.
We really got to the club at 1:30 and order like 3-4 bottles..
Wasn’t my favorite but was good none the less. Keep rocking it bud. Looking forward to future songs.
Protect the Party: China’s growing influence in the developing world https://brook.gs/2TFfmKr via
The purge (Mormon edition) would just be girls named Magen finally drinking soda and learning what lesbian sex is like.
Seyi is ready to risk it all for the belly dancer!! I'm gone.. #BBNaija
i dont have friends but i have a two bestfriends!!! and i miss the two kahit may ibang bff na din kayo
> He does not trust the O line Do you? He has good reasons not to.
Yes, it's every week though. Perhaps amend the timetable? Otherwise it's just a lottery.
Defensively Buffalo is one of the best, it’s their offense and QB play that drag them down. That defense can cause all kinds of problems
HAHAHAHA "aid wasn't discussed" No it was just MYSTERIOUSLY WITHHELD the week before Trump called to ask for a "favor."
Mrř'hŕ'ǎour, crew! Lt. Murakami reporting for duty! This one is ready to get this week underway. Taking the conn until relieved. #allstartrek
Good morning and remain blessed sir  I need your assistance with 50k to rent a shop and start my work as a computer technician sir. I celebrate my freedom on the 15th of June this year. And to rent a shop is 4k per month which is 48k per year.. please help
LOOK OUT! txdpsofficial #AnsonAntley is on the road! Cleaning out Anson's room and came across this beauty. https://www.instagram.com/p/B3DffjrHYfzC5-5vlxJ6Y4MzwR6QGsFIvOuBJI0/?igshid=1eijobyrr3yze …
I am hoping to give this a shot this time. Looked like fun. I am hoping it helps pull me through this cloud I've been stuck in for the last 8 weeks.
When you miss popsicles with the principal on Friday, you get a private popsicle party!
I can hit you up in DM with the name of a ham nearby who has a repeater in the area too, and is always happy to meet hams hiking in.
The Archetype of the Warrior – How Films Help Empower Us All https://youtu.be/UlKuE7jm0WM via
That is a vision. What is the business plan for the oil has industry to flurish? What competitive advantage does it have?
So true.....being from Pittsburgh now living in the Carolina's.....so true
You won’t regret a visit to Prague! You can enjoy the city in a day or two as well.
How tf can redistributing wealth be a solution to stop climate change exactly? And this has nothing to do with "mAkiNg tHis ThE woRkiNg cLaSs's jOB", it's raising awareness. Don't be stupid
where did you get the values? i wanna use them for future trading hh
It is only a matter of time before the Dems blow up theirs oarty.
Good to know we’re on the same page I would’ve done the same
The clock is right ......>> Trump pressed Australia to help investigate Russia probe origin, source ... https://youtu.be/WX5Z-lMvxoA via
Hi everybody, The latest version of RedApp 2.5.5 is now available on the Appstore. With many performance improvements and bug fixes on iOS 13. Like and share: https://lnkd.in/fHu-4a4
Oh, Breibart News...that’s THE a scientific standard Thanks for the LOL!!
To hear that from you is such a gift. Your account is so meaningful to the fandom and to us! Sending you so many angel hugs!!
Baby you’ll be good just be wise on the drive in and make sure you pace yourself + don’t avoid sleeping when your body needs it!! I’m rooting for u + I will meet u there
For Those Who Know. MURK Mondays  Strictly for the Love of House 10pm - 3am No VIP No Cover No Dress Code No BS DJs Oscar G Ralph Falcon Lazaro Casanova The little party that could.  #HOUSEsince92
Sometimes I think the things we wish we were but we’re not... Are things we use to in another life.. What y’all think ?
.  is the common denominator of several of my favorite shows.
Sienna has been pulling herself up on basically everything in this world lately and she just hit her chin on the ottoman on the way down and was BLEEDING IN HER MOUTH AND I WANTED TO DIE It is not my fault but it IS my fault because she should be in a bubble.
Good question, MoRose. HOW LONG IS THIS SHI*SHOW GONNA GO ON?!#? We look like utter idiots to the rest of the world!
He's my favourite producer and made the tracks that people love the most of mine
But Chuuya was.. really cuddly and affectionate when he was drunk. His confidence was all over the place. "Kuniiii~ I was talking about your body... I am small, you seem cuddly next to me."
I maintain ~30 decks w/ most combinations represented. While I only tend to bring 10 with me at any given time, I don't want to sort for proper tokens each time. It is true that there are very few 4c, the 2s are rampant. I would likely need 10 copies of each.
Who is paying for Seb? Who gave him clearance to fly on Department of Defense transports when he was unable to secure a clearance to work for the White House?
 have you happened to capture any footage from #Iceborne with the Palico spinning around with the meowcano pointed in front of it? Happened to me randomly and I forgot to save it
You owe yourself the love that you so freely give to other people.
Watch Eddie Vedder join The Strokes to perform 'Juicebox' and Pearl Jam's 'Hard To Imagine' http://po.st/TX4ZdF via
Because as sen. Ratcliff gloriously pointed out the entirety of vol. 2 shouldn't of even been written. and is invalid because it's not the prosecutor's job and went beyond the scope of his investigation. And was stretching the definition of obstruction the law anyways.
shadow was really cute in the cutscenes for his game okey
It could be a gift for someone else. But who knows maybe they’ve had the baby already and you never knew.
the piano is the most beautiful sounding instrument
I wouldn’t put it past him. He’s an ass and pretty sure the pope wouldn’t take the chosen ones call.
Sí, los tirantes y el.pantalón rojo. Yes the suspenders and red jeans.
Pretty reasonable request, just let them knows it’s coming out one way or the other.
Just done with laundry & cleaning the whole house and it smells so good
— She hesitantly takes it as if she doesn't know what to do with it. Sure, she got those all the time. Mostly via her parents attempting to buy her love and more importantly, her obedience. But this was... different. This was heartfelt. She was quiet, oddly quiet for her. —
Yes. Video is out now with it all, but I am not so concerned eith what happened on the street as inside the event.
Good morning. Thinking of you and the lads tonight/this morning.
If this is how he thinks the country feels, than WOW
I am staying in a Rite Aid/strip mall parking lot in Hazlet, NJ tonight. I get to hear all of the modified mufflers. That’s right, glamour personified.
I love you bubba, you are the best and the most beautiful btch in town. And if you didn't dance to 18 on your birthday, then don't bother trying to talk to me, wait wha...? jk Here's a cake for everything you've done for me
Yeah it's my opinion hes the best in the league. I see arguments for other people lol buy CMC is the man without him the Panthers are garbage
Honestly bro those are pretty fucking nice that’s the style I like to design with except I can’t design anymore without a computer but keep up the great work you’ll definitely go somewhere with the designing
Look’ good but it looks like she’s jerking off the duck
I can’t believe Cousins is still a starting QB in the NFL. The Vikings look like fools and they guaranteed Cousins $84M. Cousins is a average QB at best. They have elite receivers at WR but you can’t tell because of their QB...Smdh!
I can’t wait to sit in a room beside you talking about the amount of motivation you give me ! Stay up bro
I’ve got #Nationals winning the #NLWildCard on TBS.
So Barr, who is being paid by US taxpayers to run the United States Department of Justice, is actually spending his time, and our money, flying around the world as Trump and Putin's water boy, trying to get help to manufacture evidence to support Russian misinformation campaigns.
A10: acknowledge & highlight by commenting or showcasing on a public channel. Use your social network to share the great news with their network. #BizapaloozaChat #AftertheChat
Thanks  for the interview and story about why right-turn-on-red restrictions at key intersections are important. You can hear  and I on the radio, apparently. https://chapelboro.com/news/local-government/chapel-hill-red-light-ordinance …
Comment Of The Day: Road Trippin' Edition - Comment Of The DayYour good comments. Those of us who live in countries with a modern system of roads, have access to an automobile, and benefit from an infrastructure of reliable fueling are truly blessed by the amazingness of the ...
obama’s way to keep #QuidProJoe quiet... After Biden calls him: “The first Clean African American Candidate” #RustyBlade
Yeah I’m from Florida but since you don’t disclose your whereabouts I will assume of course New York or California. At least Florida is a swing state and we don’t always vote what the media wants.
The episode fish night on love death and robots is so beautiful I am crying
daaaaaaaaaamn #TopBoyNetflix - so well done, fucking stunningly shot + stand out performances from Kano and the young supporting cast. so glad they brought this series back.
You have already seen more than most adults in this world. It is good to see you smile. There are many good people who do not know how to help combat climate change. Keep up the good work.
Useful news about the next scheduled games here, too, on September.28 and 29!
"Besides, I think I brood enough for the entirety of New York City. I'll brood for you too." She dug into the inner pocket of her jacket and produced her flask, unscrewing the top so she could refill it with the bourbon.
anyway im gonna use that nice fire emblem hack that dude made so i can force dimitri to not produce any heirs to the throne xx
About to go Live around the world! Tunein add AllGamesRadio radio! http://AllGames.com/live or Alexa Play AllGamesRadio on tunein
42 in ASCII code equals an asterisk, which is a variable: meaning -in this context- that the meaning of life, the Universe and everything is... whatever you’d want it to be*
I have been a  fan since 1999. I can say that I'm still in the most painful period as  fan, started on 2014. But what to do then
 Maybe the traitor is your last opponent in the President race. The Demigods will not do their jobs. They are to busy trying to be the President. When the next election comes they will find out it will be like 2012 when no one would hardly vote for a demigod.
This is what it's like watching the #Ravens defensive effort yesterday:
I'm watching Friends 3x04 "The One With The Metaphorical Tunnel"  #trakt
 I'm starting my own radio station with the world's interesting interview that requires applicants to lose their inhabitants and must dance and sing to 4 set songs (well known) I only want are fun and willing to be entertaining.. the world's most difficult interview
LRT sometimes you don't have the skill or the time or the energy and you'd rather put money in your friend's pockets than drain your energy reserves. commission your friendssssss (and tip them extraaaaaaaa)
Thanks Peter! Hope you are getting on well in your new job. They'll be available (at least through BioRvix) at some point (hopefully from the end of the year). Staying on for a bit to get some papers written. This year has been knackering
I love that EXO isn't afraid of their fans. So damn refreshing to see them call their fans out for the bs they do.
Not sure whether you're trying to accuse me of smearing these individuals as genocidal or racist or not, but it's a shame you've suggested it about me. If so, this is one of those times it's actually ok to band the word "lie".
If you are looking for office, retail or loft, studio and apartment rentals in Peoria, East Peoria or Dunlap, you can trust the rental properties managed by nhs Property Management! Call today 309-689-1700
Looking for a Monday-mood pick-me-up? #MondayMagic courtesy of Natural Selection's . A classic family friendly tented Safari camp, perched on a 100-foot high clifftop overlooking the river and game for days. #SikeleliTravel can take you there. https://buff.ly/2ni5ID9
I asked my students what they loved the most about themselves and decided to set out their pictures with what they said on the frame can’t wait for my ss to see this tomorrow when they come to class! #ILoveMyselfBecause
Our economy was healthy during the time of PNoy because of the economic policies GMA put in place. All PNoy had to do was do nothing to ensure the economy continues to grow.
I have a computer at the end of my exhibit where people can visit my website and learn more if they are interested :3 if you check my website rn you'll see the page thag is still in-progress.
Would've loved to see him run couple of years before he got moved up kinda sad that his career plateaued I think it would've been smart to him in the 8 and Reddick in the 3 it would make more sense with cup team experienced with a rookie and and rookie team with a cup driver.
"Narrated by the collaborators who know him best"... but not any of the females who apparently know him a little bit better perhaps?
if you see any scuttling about your house and they're running from you on the floor, they're not gonna hurt u. as long as you don't constantly pester them, ur gucci. but if they're above you and u don't want them to fall on you, just get a broom or smth and gently pick em up
NPR is garbage reporting. They'll interview 1-2 neutral academics and one far-right extremist activist. That's the "fair and balance" over at Nice Polite Republicans, brought to you by the Koch bros and both-sides journalistic malpractice.
Are you getting excited for Thursday? So are we! On October 3rd, we’ll have  brand new worsted base, Nest available both in shop and on our website. Shown here are the gorgeous marled colorways.…
Ok but the way i said i miss caleb and he IMMEDIATELY went live im living the dream life yall
My friend’s playing the Wind Waker title screen music. We partying up in here
Yes, it would be way more moral to support Democomrades who have no problem performing abortions at the time of birth.
New podcast tomorrow with former  player, and current  Coach  - as we talk coaching, playing, the lessons learned from Coach Keady, faith and more! #FullSteamAhead #Purdue #BoilerUp
Thinking about buying Personalized Military RV Camping Flag "God Bless America" - Travel Trailer? Read our latest review of the product by Donald D.  via
At least you like the color orange... you’ll be wearing it daily very soon
Prost!!! Why not indulge in some Bavarian treats this Oktoberfest with our Cotham Club evening this Thursday. Enjoy a 3 course experience with a paired beer flight to perfectly match the food. Book now to avoid… https://www.instagram.com/p/B3DfjtSBv-Y/?igshid=9rwfkuwgg04q …
Yes as they needed to create spaces for numbers in between. When we redid the exercise with multiples of 5, kids counted 6,7,8,9 and then placed the 10 etc.
Fantastic picture Yoshiki san You're amazing....the concert without audience because of the fxxcking typhon
Trump and Barr have been urging foreign governments to help them investigate the Mueller probe’s origins https://www.vox.com/2019/9/30/20892260/barr-australia-durham-trump-investigation …
 thanks to your email today I am in the 2.17% THANK YOU DON!!
Darcy’s first proposal. Wow. The rain. The smolder. The heartache. The way he tells her he went to Rosings because he had to see her. Amazing.
Surprised a fellow jew wouldn't know what the day represents, but America largely ignores our religion/heritage/culture in public school lol.
and the way Fred is portrayed... he being fat doesn't stop him from being a real person y'know. And that's huge to me
Looks like a fishing expedition pure and simple. Has appointed Durham. Then another SP. Whatever happened to the IG’s report? Probably spiked b/c IG found Steele and FBI credible and no issues w improper spying. Now Barr trying foreign intel for help. What a clown show.
“If a man can bridge the gap between life and death, if he can live on after he's dead, then maybe he was a great man.” 63 years ago, today, we lost not only a great artist. But a great man. #jamesdean Full film in…
The women in the front bending down to laugh are 100 per cent me
And we are fans of you and your team. You’ve approached every game with enthusiasm, joy, respect for the players and the game, and humility for your part in the bigger picture. Rare in broadcasting, and appreciated!!
The calm before the storm at my poster 302. See you tonight! #afs2019 #TWS2019 #fishnwild #drones #uas #uav
im here for u. u are doing something completely brave and true and I am proud of u. whatever the outcome, people love u and accept u for living ur truth.
Office of the Inspector General of the Intelligence Community https://www.ignet.gov/content/office-inspector-general-intelligence-community … The Honorable Michael K. Atkinson, Inspector General. (571) 204-8149. Reston 3 room E220, Washington DC, 20511
We're very happy, proud & excited to welcome undefeated Mexican beast Daniel Zellhuber (8-0) to the #TeamIridium family #TheDarkside  Vegas, Nevada
I want to get married within the next 4-5 years and have my first child in like 8 years
So when do I get to romance the one on the right, I'm gay
Nice jam just dat the gal in the video was just acting all weird z dat d extent of the love?? #Joro
sometimes I'm minding my own business, living the fan life and my mind goes HOO! MONBEBE ANNYEONGHASEYOOOOOO MONBEBE IMNIDA
Oh this is like the class picture in school where they make you stand tallest to shortest
This Hyunjin moment & his smile is my most favorite when he noticed jeongin's mom & bowed her with the sweetest smile on his face
Just think every single day you live Saturns chains get less tight and more loose. Each day you are getting closer to being on the top of that mountain. Love you
When you thought the “broke college student” thing was just a joke till you actually became one
what’s that one emoji that looks like night at the museum bc that’s how i’m feelin
James I am obviously not a nobody. You and your vacuous friends are seeing the end of this political farce in the USA, England and hopefully Australia. The end is nigh for your old world views, get with the program.
-one day I would like to enjoy an barbecue with my friends. Even if it’s when we’re in Heaven bcos the rapture is so close already and in Heaven the food will be infinitely better anyway
Yung closest cousin mo nilinyahan ka ng “ain’t getting any younger” -i know, thanks for the concern
I feel like those movies have had surprisingly little impact, like, I don't think the books get referenced a lot either but at least everyone remembers the time everyone was just openly reading softcore porn, the movies didn't really provide that or much of anything.
Personal opinions can ruin individual experiences. The game is good and also not finalized. They're obviously going to support it past launch. The Division 2 is currently getting revamped. Breakpoints reviews will be based on preference and expectations. Its better than Wildlands
In the end, only kindness matters. Tweets full of hate and vitriol eventually consume the tweeter, kindness lingers and warms the sender and receiver. Sending some kind thoughts and btw, I love your book.
Myself and other Canadians turning off the news for relief while your country continues to self-destruct :
I saw the dog in San Diego when I was drunk and was so happy
False. The audience loved it and laughed. Furthermore, you have something called streaming---meaning that people can watch the season premiere in one way or another. SNL has always been an equal opportunity offender, which is good for business.
Leave Biden alone? They started this inquiry Not our fault the roaches they’ve discovered
Good work Bob. Keep working hard on and off the ice.
i think ive prepared enough for today midtest i know its not impossible for get an A but my brain doesnt even remember the only two formulas in this matkul!!
Highlighted where? I have 2 dozen packages with codes to enter, 5#of strings to recycle, an order to process, and ALL the old links are invalid!! Worked 6 weeks ago!?! Can you point me to the current Player's Circle Dashboard - AND perhaps make is not so darned hard to find?
rolled passt u, seen that car upside down and u was on the curb ; i was like KILLLLLL
Nintendo GameCube! The controller is not included, but it is in a very beautiful state! The controller will be in stock, so wait a little longer. #ebay #nintendo #gamecube #controller http://brew.social/jzaz
Watch the game, enjoy 50 cent wings and drink specials TONIGHT at the The Lounge on Verona!!!
There’s something so peaceful about animal crossing music that makes me not worry about the assignment due in two hours that I haven’t started even though I should be at peak stress rn
 would say "Charles Manson did alot of bad things, but he didn't kill anyone". Manson INSPIRED several killings(hate). Trump inspires the same thing, San Antonio killer was inspired by Trump. #ImpeachTrumpPenceBarr Civil war talk? Trump wants it for his ego! Sick
Genuinely hope thongs get better for you on the near future!
TripAdvisor : "From the moment you cross the welcoming archway, the feeling of regal treatment begins." http://bit.ly/2nLocvt (via Twitter ) Explore Bangladesh - https://ift.tt/2uYdO5Q
I'm having the worst day ever because my dog passed but I love you and I wish I could hug you right now
Understand...excellent point..but all of my life I’ve surrounded myself..& studied successful people..and the common thread was always attitude..my best friend..an African American wanted to be a classical ballet dancer ..back in the day..lifting white ballerina’s ..1
#TYTLive   the only way were going to win this election is if we turn the TV off and completely ignore the bankers owned media. They are never going to say anything positive for any candidate that's going to do something for the people
As the person who invented the phrase and concept of "saying mean things on the internet," I'd like to apologise to the world.
Question for my Hulu Live friends, what is the best way to stream it? I have an App TV that's about 3 years old. Is it best to use a stick or Blu Ray player?
Yes combing The National Football League (NFL)and Lil Nas X and Billy Ray Cyrus, that was a pretty cool intro ,   also(it's a pretty big deal in our country Kio also other kind of football and not Congrats you've all made it now
Las Vegas should come up with odds on which rat jumps ship 1st,   or  ,  #ImpeachmentIsComing. I’m betting Graham. He seems a titch brighter than the others.
5 Corporate Innovation Trends of 2019 Set to Disrupt the Business Landscape in 2020 - Business 2 Community https://www.business2community.com/brandviews/qmarkets/5-corporate-innovation-trends-of-2019-set-to-disrupt-the-business-landscape-in-2020-02244538 …
They are the reason God stopped speaking out loud to us. He's had it!
Wish me luck in saving the World.....Of Warcraft. https://www.twitch.tv/movie1011
The Auto Bailouts were basically loans and were repaid. Good luck getting the money back from farmers
Won’t be surprised if IPWF rakes in more. Not padded, mind you. It will be real ticket sales for Maine and Carlo! Real talent, real people! We can all gauge by the reaction of viewers of the trailer, even just the teaser. Fans and non-fans! #MaineMendoza #IsaPaWithFeelings
Ever feel like the old you is fading away and the new version of you is emerging? That’s how I felt with my new single “Fading Away” let me know what you think..
##GodMorningTuesday True saints keep us away from hypocrisy and superstition and give us knowledge of the scriptures, and tell us the true devotion that leads to our complete salvation. Who is that true saint? 7:30 pm everyday on Sadhana Channel
We stand with you President Trump you are a Godsend to our country and I pray for you daily and so do millions of others all over the USA and the entire world. Stay strong we love and support you 110%.
 announces that they will be littering on my lawn for the remainder of the year. If I don’t like it, I can jump through their hoops to “opt out”.
God dammit Twitch. This and everything else I've seen like women being roofied and put into the hospital is not ok. Why is this the one con where everyone FEELS so unsafe? We need to do better. Twitch needs to stop enabling the behaviors that attract people like this. #TwitchCon
Going live with World of Warcraft: Classic. Tonight will be a sort of test stream from the hotel I'm at for this month. If tonight goes well, Dauntless will happen Tuesday! Come chill and help me push to 60 on Classic. Lets do it! https://www.twitch.tv/rei_lin #Dauntless
Doing so to the best of my ability to convince them. But since my beliefs are pretty different than the majority of white people, it's slow going. A lot of them are like my parents: Brain washed by Fox News and hate radio to ignore every word I say.
Lindsey’s “anger” is the best Rudy’s in the cuckoo’s nest Out to lunch, lyin’ bunch Admin full of loons. Trump acts like he’s Al Capone Barr helps him, he’s not alone Just admit, he’s unfit They’re a bunch of goons. We didn’t start the fire...
That’s what I was thinking also. We’ve always boostered vaccine on arrival but the stress of being moved combined with a shot of live vaccine may not be the best fit. I’m hoping that Zelnate can help the immune system better express the benefits of the earlier vaccination.
here's the passive agresssive drama queen i live with: carlisle
Hey  since the patch, I can’t join any of my friends squad invites because every time I do it dashboards me I’m on Xbox
also, they're "not" going to get paid the same...this is why the head of the football team at the local university makes more than the head provost of the entire university...the market still pays by value, and no team sport pays flat rates in america anywhere in 2019
bro im proud of myself since i can sing as low as a bass in my choir class, and i was clowning the basses in my class bc of the all region music. i am an honorary member of the basic(bah-sick) basses
It's a dangerous game. Fans love impact. Have the players sign waivers from sueing b4 entering the draft and let's play football, again, finally please.
Just this Gazebo Canopy to help with the harsh weather conditions and make it easier to serve more customers.. #SGLGRILLZ
Will be taking a backseat on Twitter tonight but feel free to come cheer, discuss and complain on the game thread where I’ll be live blogging the game tonight. #HereWeGo https://steelersdepot.com/2019/09/2019-week-4-steelers-vs-bengals-live-update-and-discussion-thread-first-half/ …
listening to this everyday to get into the halloween spirit
My daughter requests this book to be read to her every night. She is almost able to read it from memory. Representation does matter. This book helps bring awareness to shadeism. Great resource for the classroom and at home. Thanks  for the great book.
It's smart football. Look up Charles Peanut Tillman. He used to do it all the time
Couldn’t be more prouder of my lil bro incrowd_snub he had a vision and a dream to Break The Cycle #BTC Keep going bro the sky is not the limit true universe is capture it all
Great job filling in for 'The Great One', , tonight Rich. So proud to be a member of the #ZeoliArmy!
Interested in #Ebola and #Marburg ? Save the date: the 10th international Filovirus Symposium will be in San Diego, Sept 27-30, 2020 at the Hilton Del Mar Torrey Pines. Registration site coming soon. #Filo2020
What’s the Matter With Republicans? https://nyti.ms/2mi02bO
Keep going Anthony, I like it you slide into the absurd sometimes.
Couple Quotes : Quotes About Jealousy : Quotes About Jealousy : - The Love Quotes | Looking for Love Quotes ? Top rated Quotes Magazine & repository, we provide you with top quotes from around the world https://thelovequotes.net/love/jealousy/couple-quotes-quotes-about-jealousy-quotes-about-jealousy-6 …
Yep! He be Rollin critical hits inside AND outside the ring! A true #technician and #dungeonmaster
Same but I’m not talking about my weight... just the relief
we're all gonna be looking like clowns when the black widow movie shows us that natasha survived and the movie takes place in 2023
Gotta spread the wealth. Y’all got the Stanley cup lol
4 - Ratchet & Clank exclusive (No PS3 version) 3 - Final Fantasy exclusive 2 - God of War exclusive with touch features for the puzzles 1 - Calla Dootie exclusive from Treyarch/IW Extra Credit - Killzone release at launch
The more I think about it, maybe Ulrich's would be Loki. Not only is it more fitting for him because he is based off of Loki as well. I forgot about the Hindu goddess, Kali. But I'm not so sure that is fitting for her.. lol
People don’t appreciate the things you do till you stop doing it
   LOL! The show is so loose today. Loving it. #Studio10 Hilarious!
AISD: there are two levels of improvement in modernize. one is identifying deficiencies, like a bad roof for example. improving a roof would be putting in a skylight. modernizing is different, it's not just making the school look better.
amazon will do exactly what the government they donate to allows them to do... plus whatever they think the government can't catch m doing
By sharing your family’s stories, it helps us all understand all the aspects of our country’s history. Thank you.
My friends keep tagging me in the hungry hungry hawaiian video just cause hes asian and single brah
Not until he falls down on Air Force One and has to have a Secret Service officer help him up and then he tells the media he was doing "push ups".
Of course he did. It's his job. He is the highest law enforcement official in the country. It is not only within 's scope of power, it is his sworn duty to investigate these crimes along with HIS Chief Counsel, the Attorney General of the United States.
I just was praising Sprint yesterday and now  I am instantly regretting it. The phones I sent back were put in boxes and then in the return box to prevent damage and they are saying BOTH phone are damaged!? They were NOT damaged when they were shipped out.
When you talk about somebody in a dissing way make sure you in the position to do the talking
You can save some trees by having them email you the receipt.
Oh he is doing his Mr Fantastic thing of the Fantastic Four .. REACHING
I would say that I, as a huge Trump supporter, agree with the majority of this poll. I absolutely believe that it is serious business, and it NEEDS to be investigated as soon as possible. Wording is stupid, so if this  poll is accurate, what does it really say?
For sure, this is a book where if the first 50 pages or so don’t work for you, you’re not going to start liking it later. It goes on much as it begins. I love being caught up in the swirling thoughts, but I can see how it wouldn’t work for everyone.
No. That's what the movie is supposed to do. The promoting is what gets you hyped for the movie. And with all apologies the genetic audience doesnt know the other characters. Harley is who is selling this movie and getting people in the seats
As Clinton had to confess and apologize to the American People so shall it be with Spanky. If Nancy lets him off easy ....
DO YALL REMEMBER WHEN COLBY WAS LIKE IF A GIRLS GONNA CALL ME DADDY SHES GONNA CALL ME DADDY???? WELL GUESS WHAT THE FUCK IM ABOUT TO DO
Daniel James looked alright, if he had a decent striker to provide crosses to, we might create chances. Ole has obviously got the backing of Ed Woodward, perhaps the board are looking at a long-term plan.
I admire all y’all with beautiful clear skin Mine is so acne prone I can’t get it to clear up for shit in the world.
Him play rubbish him deserve bench for the next few games
no there are different interpretations of Brexit yours is not any more relevant than the others, sooner you learn that the better, as for GE's at this rate there isn't going to be one.
I’m convinced that everyone in the world knows the truth and they are messing with me...including you
That’s what I’m saying you don’t really like that person just pull the pants up and go if imma have sex with somebody my mouth and tongue going everywhere
He's the worst, but he's also my favorite. Declare Ivanka your successor, Trump!
Sorry , couple of the year goes to the adorable pair that tipped me $10 on $12 and signed the check with initials and a smiley face
i thought abt using my sick powers to get my dad to buy me avocados from the grocery store but chickened out as soon as i pressed call LOL i can just... buy some tomorrow after field...
no wait let me think we've had 2D: Link Between Worlds, Links Awakening, Triforce Heroes 3D: Skyward Sword, Breath of the Wild, OoC HD, MM HD, WW HD, TP HD so okay yeah twice as many
Sometimes a power down is just as necessary for self care. I say skip the gym, do abso-fucking-nothing and have zero shame about it
That's a huge part of the FRAME (Focus, Reach, Ask, Model & Encourage) model-all about the process. When we focus on process & praising the process, Ss value the work and not necessarily the grade #formativechat https://www.solutiontree.com/products/ready-to-learn.html …
Happy Independence day to our nation... May Almighty Lord bless our nation and our good people over here and rest up for the other countries with a perfect peace
  We haven’t discussed the REAL winner of the UNC/Clemson game: Zeke, who I’m sure is ecstatic that the football team’s performance was good for basketball recruiting.
Call me what you want but I don’t do clowns idc where I’m at I will give y’all the and I’m out lls
Loot of the nation is well underway. Chowkidaar is not a chowkidaar. https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/business/india-business/police-file-fir-against-pmc-bank-hdil-officials/articleshow/71380172.cms …
Are you saying biden had the prosecutor removed to help him in a 2016 election in which he wasnt a candidate?
game changer, omg. I can actually taste the flavors instead of it just being strong lol.
Kind of want to go to another Freakling Bros haunted house, but the more I think about it, I start sweating in fear LMAO
 Love the briefs you wore in the  tribute video. Way to have a server and host no games btw. Thanks!
You were thinking of the greatness. The greatness was strong. Also I think you can get some crowd brushes of people dancing if you use csp.
#Godsfall is back and I ain't done celebrating! Editing the next episode of our own fan podcast as we tweet, and loving every minute of it!
Father  is doing great work ministering to the #LGBTQ faith community that Christianity, including the Catholic Church, has often treated unjustly.
Looks like someone is angling to be the next mayor of Memphis!!
Yes Sir. And Nixon was a Patriot. With a world-engaged geopolitical foreign policy. Hello. We’re the good guys. Here’s what we stand for. Legion of mistakes made. But the security of the United States at risk for crooked gain?? Nixon was a patriotic crook. And GOP had decency.
Hi Bill, we're currently testing this new paper straw out and gathering all the feedback we can. We are fully prepared and ready to look into an alternative straw option if needed. Well have your feedback passed along to our team!
It’s the carbon footprint that people are now worried about. Products like  taste like meat, but are better for the environment. I love their products..and I miss my bacon
The smartest person in this generation gotta be teejayx6
Make science, technology, engineering, art, and mathematics #STEAM part of family fun. At Nayah you can find STEAM events for the entire family. #sanfrancisco #sfbay #oakland #sanjose #paloalto https://cmun.it/fxmtred
Oh no! What a beautiful soul, what a loss for the world & music—may her memory be a blessing
Candy corn legit tastes like melted traffic cones and the dust of crushed dreams. If you eat it, I’m just gonna assume I can’t trust you.
This is the part where Donald starts reaching out to his extremists.
Yes, The Nebulon Trials is hard by design, but not as hard as it may seem at first. This is how it plays when you get comfortable with the mechanics. Don't give up on level 3! https://youtu.be/x6tRD-c07j4 #GameMaker #TheNebulonTrials #mobilegames
I'm sharing this guy's post where he shared my post! We're both doing this show on Thursday! Come and see it! Or at least click on the link so the club will think a bunch of people are interested in me and they'll be like "Wow, we should book this...
Don't freak out guys! 'who started Destiny 2 for the first time' this means, new players & new characters started before the 'new update' on 30/9, just sayi'n.. happy hunting! #Destiny2 #Shadowkeep
I'm fairly confident Hannity knew all the stuff rudi, barr, and Pompeo was doing. It's old news trump and hannity talk on the phone regularly.
but what's the rush kissing then my cheeks are so flushed
 I spent about a Year with the Army 5th. Mech. op con with the 3 Marines everywhere along the DMZ and Laos ... It is nice to be followed by a Marine.
   these are the three men on this app I know respect me. We talk often and it’s never about anything perverse. They will never bring up anything sexual or unintellectual and for that reason they have my utmost respect...
Good morning / Ohayo ! A mostly sunny , windy morning here on the GC. Had breakfast and did my morning run. Have some business matters to attend to , then do the grocery shopping .Have a great day everyone !
A very sweet lady I know sold me the biggest box of boys clothes for Liam and let me tell you my heart is soaring over these clothes. I’m so in love with them! I’m so so thankful right now.
now let me tell you about the best mario party Mario Party DS
honestly this is the funniest fucking thing he's ever tweeted.
I love how it’s a battery promo but it has a DS as one of the things to use them for.
Imagine that. The pos  libs backing a socialist slug. Congress, you need to break up facebook, regulate or sanction them. , , , , , ,
Forgive me if I’m wrong, but isn’t  the same girl we were laughing at two months ago for grifting with the “Liberal Conservatism” carry on?
Omg. Really. Wow. So your saying Fox is propaganda for the Trump administration. That now that thier speaking the truth is harming The Republican party. Boo hoo
Rite of the Wanderer – Grimnir’s Crossroad Kindred - Hail to the wanderer! We all walk many paths throughout our lives. We give thanks to Grimnir, the hooded wanderer, and ask for his protection and blessing on our journey. http://indyppd.org/IndyPPD/index.php/2019/09/30/rite-of-the-wanderer-grimnirs-crossroad-kindred/ …
Why did he suddenly stop talking about Scott The Engineer after 25+ years of making fun of him on air.
Spooky goodies are always neat to give during the autumn season #halloween #soap #giftideas #greenbeauty #autumnvibes
I do still have contacts with her but we grew up and grew out of each other. Still always wishing her success in the future. <3
What a fantastic group tonight at my Networking for Jobseekers session. They're all naturals! Thanks to  and  or all the arrangements.
I’ve been made aware that I am the fat friend many times by the general public. Catch me after another 60lbs. I’ll at least be the flabby friend
Ok #guitar heros....what do you think of the #beavercreek #BCTD601? As a starter guitar? Thoughts please
Not only all of that but that country is more important than party and everything is so hyperpartisan to the point of non-functioning now because you can't turn on your party no matter what, right? Certainly feels that way most of the time.
I know I’m a little late to the Stranger Thing season 3 watch party but why TF do people still live in Hawkins??
Kinda hard to quantify, but The Witness is basically one big tutorial; constantly introduces new mechanics while incorporating them with old ones, then having you solve puzzles with them. All in first-person, with zero text
Cool thought on  analogy : more competitive companies might be better options for responsiveness than usual Toll, Linfox & DHL? Thinking small but many, and i think you hit the right notes: more providers, more options.  #DEFAus19
Tomorrow marks the 1st day of National Principals Month. Let's honor and support our hard working, dedicated K-12 building leaders every day this month! #PrincipalsMatter #AKPrincipals    #AAESP  #NorthToTheFuture
Ah yes, Gerald Antifa, the leader of Antifa, who is real and exists, much like the official hierarchy of Antifa exists and is real,
Says the actual idiot... Please, enlighten me with what you think the truth is?
Marquise Goodwin on Odell Beckham Jr.: " That's a good friend of mine. We chop it up maybe once a week... That's my guy. I love him like a brother; he's just a great dude. I wish all the success for him, except on Monday." #49ers
My album of the night. This is another favorite of mine. Love the production on piece. The atmosphere created was more sophisticatedly raw and organic than the first. They found the perfect combo of lyrics and beats to make a excellent project.
Okay. Tomorrow marks the first day of a vegan diet. OCTOBER U WILL BE GREAT TO ME.
I see... they are asking the question but is it true? I work in an ER lol people come up with stuff all the time ...
Wow, you really have gone to the Darkside  Turns out my child Hero is a douche #doucheskywalker
Naw i just feel like it can happen lol discount double has always had cowboys number..... but naw fr, this could be the year Dallas beats them. We’ll see. Will probably be the Game of the week. We’re for sure going 0-5 though lol no doubt about it
Truth is that we ALL let Trump get away with it far too long. When he stood on the platform in Helsinki and declared that he believed Putin over US Intel, we should have moved to impeach.
Being able to progress here is based on your earlier choices. You have the achievement “proving the prophecy” you should be on the right track.
That's a very interesting point to ponder Michael!! I hope it's the earlier, not the latter!!!
“Believe passionately in what you do, and never knowingly compromise your standards and values. Act like a true professional, aiming for true excellence, and the money will follow.” — David Maister.  is the epitome of professionalism.
Yep, the richest alumni will start paying prospects 6 and 7 figures for their likeness to “promote” their hedge funds and real estate companies. Not to mention, the players are allowed agents, so the alumni and will start greasing them, as well. Game on!!!
Somalia Partnership Forum of today and tomorrow hosted at Mogadishu by the FGS to partner with IC, AU, EU, UN and investors for the creation of just, inclusive and equitable society that can nurture it's national resources. #SomaliaFuture #SPF2019
The cover up is by the American media. Don’t want the origins of an attempted coup to get out.
My nightmare was of me, my family and friends stuck in a world of the walking dead.. but the zombies were all fucking TELETUBBIES
#Truth alwaze divides. ~ Robert Jeffress to CBN News: 'If the President is Removed from Office, It's Going to Cause Lasting Wounds in Our Country' | CBN News https://www1.cbn.com/cbnnews/2019/september/robert-jeffress-to-news-if-the-president-is-removed-from-office-its-going-to-cause-lasting-wounds-in-our-country …
his class, and the other part being because you’re so much younger than him. • Things go pretty slow at first because he wants to make sure you know what you’re getting into and that you really want to be with him • when things start to get more heated in your relationship you
$ES_F So far this session that 87 level has been the key resistance holding buyers back. I've been pushing on the importance of this ledge in my analysis for a while now. $ES_F didn't randomly stop here, it's a key inflection level for a move to 3000 or a failure and liquidation
I genuinely get excited for bed time just because it means I get to wake up and eat food. I rlly hope I’m not the only person that’s like this....
I don't know about the full cast, but I'd certainly hope for Scott Cawthon to make a surprise appearance as Bertrum Piedmont. Hilarious twist that the creator of spooky robots becomes the human infused merry-go-round.
CONGRATS ON WINNING THE CHAMPIONSHIP!!! I’m so happy
I'm saying that you've been way harder on Lamar than on Mariota, who hasn't developed at all, as a 2nd overall pick. He had top flight o-lines in 2016 and 2017 and still didnt look all that. Now that he has everyone elses o-line we see how he plays. I only see slaps on the wrist.
I have a feeling this may backfire on the organisation. The likes of the Solbergs etc wouldn’t want to miss a single opportunity to maximise the media exposure for their sponsors. Without sponsors - no competitors, without competitors - NO RALLY GB .. then knock on affect
The fact that they both garbage & Steelers is giving away 3.5 points with a back up quarterback should tell you which way to go. Lol #FollowOrFadeUp2U
We should all be asking ourselves why two polls with the same date range would create such different results. As long as we continue to ignore that polling is inherently broken we will all be surprised come election days. I live in Ca. both Warren and Sanders are popular here.
There is no way this works on the street. By teaching people stuff like this you are putting them in more danger. You’re giving them a false sense of security.
Joe Biden was always the Democrat's sacrificial lamb. To save their skin. President Obama kept him around for 8 years, to toss him to the wolves if anything ever turned sour. Now the Radical Socialists toss him away like an old pair of shoes.
As far as I can tell this is based on one tweet from an account with 3k followers purportedly from a single church in a Swedish municipality, and the story is being dragged up again because it plays into the notion that climate concerns are a religion.
My household is on your side and is grateful for everything you have done for our country. If the leftists want war, we are ready to join you in the battle.
I would argue most athletes are more fairly compensated and the market for their services is far more rational. But I'm a pretty firm believer in you're worth what somebody is willing to pay you.
𝗧𝗮𝗺𝗶𝗸𝗮 𝗛𝗮𝗺𝗶𝗹𝘁𝗼𝗻 is the new blood needed in #CA03 Help her turn CALIFORNIA around and be a strong conservative in Congress. Please DONATE to help: http://TamikaHamilton.com #RedAwaken2020
Honestly it’s a fire patch if all the stuff they said is true
The  state quite clearly in their assessment. It has not changed since  told Americans it was still under investigation after the  had finished investigating.  went on to state a lie as fact to the American people.
I need to reshoot rikku. The old pictures were good I just took them with a camera phone cause our old camera was big a big dummy.
I love folks in the Bay area - they are always right no matter how different from everywhere else they think & act.
I know right! And how long do the effects last? For $4 grand, I better be whistling zippy dee do dah out of my butthole for AT LEAST a year!
If you have Hulu they have a series called into the dark of basically a bunch of different scary movies by Hulu! They’re pretty good
Sweet Laura, Listen And Jamm To The Music Your Heart Desires.
(81) Everyone back on the Party Bus, we're going around again!
Only when we are brave enough to explore the darkness, will we discover the infinite power of our light.
Fascinating clique art my fren, maybe they are just perfect the way they are, you have drawn all you had at the time, just a thought.
UkraineGate Scandal !!! ※\(^o^)/※ Ukraine, ohhhh the beautiful IRONY!!
“You look like an early twentieth-century student at an all boys boarding school who’s about to have a homoerotic experience with his roommate.” –Bucky, somehow nailing the exact aesthetic I was going for
I’m writing a nsfw involving Sigma currently and I just came up with a new fic idea/au • Professor Siebren and you have just started this secret relationship, you’re his student of course and he doesn’t want people getting the wrong idea that he’s giving you special treatment in
I’ve got #Brewers winning the #NLWildCard on TBS. #ThisIsMyCrew #LetsGooooooo!!!
When will zees be out to download on the play store?
K? Never said I wasn't like I said I'm gonna win more arguments now because of this. I take all the advice from previous ones and win more
Only 21 more days until the Federal Election is here! Join us for our Plain Language Federal Election Platform discussion and mock vote on October 9th at the Ability Resource Centre from 1:00pm to 4:00pm! See the poster below for more details!
...used. If Pelosi decides to impeach Trump on this rather flimsy case, she can proceed with success as her party holds the majority. But deposing Trump is up to the Senate with a Republican majority.
The funniest thing to me is when my mom calls me un “Hijo de puta”, ma’am...
Don’t YOU have better things to do like work your way up to the ”C” list? Nobody elected you and nobody cares what you think your five minutes ended a long time ago.
There will be a time when the Trump cultists will realize they've been conned by a carnival barking grifter but they won't admit it because, pride you know.
They have one just like that, but it glows in the dark.
you win just because of 100 gecs but bonus points for tenkitsune. i don't want what the other two are but i'm sure they're at least okay
That's great news! That's what allies do, help uncover corruption! Kudos to our  and AG! They are there to help we the people.
October is tomorrow, so I've decided: for Halloween I'm dressing up as commitment. Apparently that's the scariest thing of them all
The question should be; do all men realize they’re idiots. Some of us know we’re idiots. We do our best to work around the flaw. In others it manifests itself as abusers, shooters and in some cases President.
Think Trump Must Feel Like Nick Cage In Con Air When He Said, 'Why Couldn't You Just Put The Bunny Back In The Box'. #DictatorDonald
that's deadass youngjae's laugh bring the clown suit
Wow! Only learned the term #glycobiology a few years ago, and the field doesn't stop surprising me!
“Namjoon ah” please I just hear joon sighing through the other line with a smile on his face :(
If you come across the link, please don't listen yet and wait for the official release. The boys deserve so much more than this
Clint capela Healthy James harden Healthy Chris Paul Mind you a way better bench then the ones we had in the past. Not to mention doc Rivers step down to put the goat him self Jerry West in charge who bulit warriors dynasty
I use to worry about all the years ticking by but now, I look at all the wisdom I have gained through the years. At least it sounds good to my grandkids
To be honest the bbc is run by fecked up coke heads & needs privatisation
Greatest Bama team of all time hasn’t even been the last few years. Do some research bud
When i first heard the song ‘Gucci’ by Jessi i thoguht she was saying ‘i feel like coochie’ instead of ‘i feel like Gucci’ but i got it now
This is why you NEVER throw water on a grease fire. This is HALF a cup of water only. It immediately turns the water into steam and creates a steam explosion 1000 times it's original size carrying with it hot burning oil.
We keep looking to the people who disrespected us on the grand scheme of things to respect us and I wonder what that actually means or looks like.
Just had some chicken noodle soup, feeling the urge to make a dance team called NUERON
You should resign immediately. The world is laughing at us because you are our president.
It is my dream, it is our dream. You make us happy every day just to exist, please just want to know what it feels like and show all the love that we Brazilians have to offer.  #YungbludNoBrasil
Congrats, but not a fan of hard coding IDs in anything as might not be the same between sandboxes if it is a new profile. Would suggest using the API name or developer name of the profile. Makes it more readable too.
Japanese small manufacturing hitting the fan, again indicative of a worldwide slowdown. #PPC2019 #cdnpoli
 just saw your twitch/miller lite ad for the mods. Fantastic. #ad
i really want these people to answer me so i can give them the money i don’t have
You are the only one mentioning race. You also made statements like "every time people talk about abortion it's about black women." Which is untrue, irrelevant to the discussion. If you want to discuss racial disparities, wld be happy to. I was talking Law v Rights, not Race.
Yeah, it’s wild. I have a 2017 and it’s the base model came with 2.3ghz. The new base model now is 1.4ghz. If I wanna Match my current processor it’s $1799.
Based on the OST there are some absolute gems. Here's hoping for a cracker on the title screen.
Magical-Girl Monday! We can’t please everyone, but we can do our best; to be the best that we can be. I had a blast cosplaying as Cardcaptor Sakura : chen33photography #cosplay #anime #cardcaptorsakura #cardcaptorsakuracosplay #magicalgirl #kinyoobicon #kinyoobicon2019
It's ok you only need to wait like 4 hours the mawlid upgraded the time difference
Happy New month to y'all.... welcome to my month.... Listen to the full song on my bio HB in adv
it's the dumbasses exhuming it like fog machines to look cool.
Jess didn't notice the frown, she focused on her own menu—looking it over, yet would probably order the same thing she gets every time she came in. "It's no problem." She closed the menu and set it down. "And go with a wheat beer. It's easier for the newbies."
Nothing is fabricated. Trump admitted it. He’s been throwing others under the bus since the story broke. So sorry your small mind is blinded by the light of truth. You stay classy, Charlie.
Can def recommend this if you wanna know more about the ins and outs of getting on Spotify playlists!!
Just remember, Kyle Flood is the only Rutgers coach to win a conference championship.
However, it appears that their farm system is strong and they have some young players, already on the 40-man roster, who are quite likely to become very strong! Another two to three years and they definitely should be able to get within 10 games of the Dodgers. Don't you think?
the president of the united states is posting an online poll
It's truly an amazing thing when someone does the work for you and makes themselves look stupid all on they own
Yesterday i meet my one of the favourite hero  He is the legend of indian film industry but mere father inke mujse jada bde fan h #film #actors #HappyNavratri #Legend #dharamshala #Dharampaji
so my mom told me it’s my turn to cook so I decide to do spaghetti yeah easiest but lowkey don’t really know what I’m doin so I just put that shit in the instant pot to make it go faster and hope it comes out good
Accepting God's truth into our lives leads to transformation. "And you will know the truth, and the truth will set you free." John 8:32
Thanks girl! In 3 days it will be my 6yo birthday, she's turning 7. And on the 23rd the babies turn 1. Good morning from Melbourne!
اكلم واحد بشغله ومن درى اني صيدله مسكني اسئله والله من سؤال لسؤال من مكانزم اوف اكشن الى سايد ايفكت يابن الناس فكني حتى من كثر الاسئله سألني وش lisinopril قلت له do you want to know the name of the class ! And he said yes!! Surprisingly i forgot ACEI عاد
The stamina you must have to keep posting truly is remarkable
Just went to the deli for munchies and didn’t get Oreos u proud
Hi, we can help. Are you adding the Sonos One SL to an existing system or setting it up on it's own as a new system? After power cycling the Sonos One by unplugging power, what is the status of the top LED after it is plugged in and what is the status and color that it ends with?
anybody that i ever had sexual relations with in the past I wouldn’t fuck them again , they all too toxic lmao don’t ever won’t that energy inside me again
Dawg that’s prolly why I’m so tech savvy . I been watching tv , playing video games , using the computers and fixing and programming VCRs since I was like 4 lol
Should we be surprised or shocked?! This isn't their first rodeo. They're getting really good at the fake collusion narrative. What they don't understand is Trump is always one step ahead of them and so are we!
LMAO, are you not of your mind? The official was just trying to keep them separated but they fell. Take down? Hahaha
My point is I’m surprised he can’t do something to get on the field.
#AnyoneButTrudeau2019 - People, if you truly are a good judge of character. You’d understand that Trudeau is not fit to be the Prime Minister of Canada. Globally, he’s an embarrassment. Locally, he’s not doing the job. Time to give someone else this opportunity to lead Canada
I got a lot of friends that run cows at 7500-8000 foot in the winter time that can still run one for 650 bucks on the year. I’m still gonna stick to my guns and say if it doesn’t work quit. This is a business & we do it to make money. If it doesn’t, time to do something different
Gotta head out, but thank you for coming to the stream!!
Literally will never stop loving this hair color.  is the best hairdresser ever
It came in a pack with a gel top coat but I didn’t want gel, so they just used the regular. I feel like that’s a big part of the reason!
In other words, her negligence in being in the wrong dwelling doesn't matter. FFS.
Next time it rains for days and the river level rises and you think “should I prepare for flooding?”, or the sky is full of smoke and you wonder “is the air safe today?”, remember that the folks that monitored those things retired and weren’t replaced. #abpoli #ableg
A GOOD PLAYER WOULD HAVE POSITIONED IN A WAY WHERE THE FIVE SECOND FREEZE LAG CAN'T GET THEM KILLED
*roomba near its dock* Me: oh I’ll just send you home *clicks button* Roomba: *now somewhere in the other room still trying to find its dock and ruthlessly running full speed into things* Me: why are you like this
Well if  plots the timeline on the Indian Lunar Calendar, they might come out with some mind boggling understanding of weather patterns...Just like ... May be  can help on this count....
For flavourful Vietnamese comfort food in the heart of the #Plateau, swing by Banh Mi Express This hidden gem serves up mean bao buns & banh mi sandwiches with a unique twist. Check out  on Instagram for the full review. #MTL #Montreal #LePlateau
Indeed, and we're privileged to be a part of the process of advancing human knowledge.
Hi , I'm really frustrated right now at Police breaking the law. Can I please have a photo to cheer me up?
sounds like your friend did extras and felt crushing guilt when she thought the top earner didn’t do that for her money as well.
So I'm capping #BoschHatTravels at 100 episodes--final one dropping w/the arrival of #BoschAmazon Season 6. Final 10 eps. will be  locations. QUESTION FOR #TeamBosch: What are your favorite #Bosch locations??? I will do my very best to accommodate.
we rise when the sun sets!! and get ready to haw your last yee
i don’t demon slayer yet but i’ve already made an oc that’s a stoic lesbian who adopts the main guy and nezuko how valid am i
Those who heard today’s GnD: Dope Show #50 know the importance of this picture. LISTEN FREE: http://garyanddino.libsyn.com
Cutest thing happened while I was at the gym I was doing vert jumps and this dad was teaching his kids how to do them. He pointed out to use form like me.
I’ve got #Nationals winning the #NLWildCard on TBS.
I think politically inexperienced people have a distorted view of politics. None of it is clear-cut, clean or pretty. But this is always true: If you want your party to win you vote for your party's candidates - period. The GOP got people to hold their noses & vote for a monster.
#SponsorHighlights We'd like to thank  for sponsoring #CANIC 2019! BMNT powers organizations to solve problems at scale and at start up speed through H4X - the innovation operating system. To learn more: https://www.bmnt.com/ #CMIA #military #intelligence #tech
I’m having so much fun doing the second project if the sketches are accepted. Who needs groups when you can do it yourself?
 only went in the store once, refused to buy my niece a shirt she wanted because the quality was garbage, she was much happier later with something else, she got a lesson in reading tags looking at seams
Nothing wrong with this. The treaty put out by Bill Clinton allows this kind of activity. We would do the same for the other country.
My friends dad is a doctor and she calls him to ask for question about our concepts and he answers it w/o skipping a beat. It’s so fucking cool. Any disease processes...he knows down to the cellular problems like...whaat I want your brain.
The cultural impact Fancy had though... lizzo can only wish
Update! I have 16 likes on that Instagram post. I now do shoutouts but they are $3.2 million per shout-out because of the influence I now have. You can see the growth is real because it was at 2 likes only 5 hours ago
The Greatest Old Nan’s Tale in the history of our Realm!
pior que é mm verdade porra essas guerreiras que usam copo e anel are braver than the marines
Shid put me on you the only person I’d trust to put me down on scamming
I thought the Island Trials were a nice change of pace. It didn't feel too different but they made an attempt, and I really liked it. The Grand Trials were also a nice concept
Ways to get #nutrition effortlessly with frozen foods? Be sure to check the serving size on the label. http://hlty.us/77Ly
Excited to announce I’ll be joining the  weather team in Biloxi/Gulfport as their newest meteorologist! If you’re on the Mississippi Gulf Coast, catch me on FOX and NBC on Sunday nights and Monday-Thursday at noon!
Greetings my fellow  supporters! Would any of you like to partake in the consumption of grape flavored carbonated beverages this evening?
Watching “One Cut of the Dead” on . It. Is. Brilliant!!!
Well normally I’d say whoever is playing the Dolphins but that’s a non-option so I’d say he Patriots
Already in Seoul and start my daily busy routine. Indonesia was on fire! I have the utmost fun ever!! The crowds really having fun.
And that's how you play the outside zone, just string it out to the sideline w/ no cutback lanes... then the CB comes up and tackles
I imagine its more stressful than being a politically charged actor.. Hollywood is out of touch bro.. I'm not saying Trump is amazing or anything, but yall seem to forget real quick what it's like being broke.. the dems are turning into socialists......
Country>Political Party. Always. Be a Patriot to the country first and a servant to your political party second.
LMAO these are things that wouldn’t occur on the Eastside
 You are going to crush it tonight! You inspire me every single day. I met you March 22 and it was the best day ever!! I wish you the best day ever!!
Each vial of vaccine contains contaminants from the cells used to make the virus. When we use animal cells to make viruses, the residual material is not human and so we mount an immune response to it and eliminate it.
Yeah I didn’t mean you, just the original tweet. +7 is great and guarantees options especially in the corner. I agree I’m excited to lab and try it out tonight.
Miss, Rudy is one of the best prosecutors in US history. He successfully took down the 5 Families in NYC, which wad the only outfit more corrupt than the Obama administration. Don't be so naive.
Like Nolan in the morning. George from the Shankill, Bwiagdeer Bwyson, Jim Wilson, Jim Allister.
Need to pressure the QB, limit big plays, tackle on defense Establish the run, get boyd involved early, get the ball out fast, protect Andy on offense
The college sports industry racked up at least $14 billion in profits last year. Any chance they crack that figure next year? https://www.nytimes.com/2019/09/30/sports/college-athletes-paid-california.html …
 the Koldest Rapper In The Game Right Now! This nigga really be talkin that real and probably one of the only rappers I kan relate to on a mental level. Thank you for Walls Talking #ImHim
Been lookin' like that since the '80s. Where you been?
You expected the SEC (the guys that did nothing after the GFC) to come down hard on a bunch of well off SV investors? Yea, like Thiel and Bacon don’t know what they’re doing.
And I forgive only when the apology is sincere. Trudeau has never been sincere to Canadians!
Hogback’s laugh was my favorite shit. I liked Perona too, and the foreshadowing with Lola, first discovering Ace’s burning vivre card, Oars etc it’s almost like every arc is my favorite arc
RT SecGeneScalia: Thank you, POTUS. I’m honored to have the opportunity to serve in this Administration and return to USDOL to protect and strengthen the American workforce.
These people, whoever they are, need a better financial advisor.. and a slap in the fuckin face
Sound Bites are Easy, but Safety is Hard- notes from the 2019 Gun Rights Policy Conference http://jpfo.org/articles-2019/sound-bites-easy-safety-hard.htm?awt_l=Jdnqg&awt_m=JL7aQPX94lZn_P …
his voice made all the difference. entertaining and comical and just so full of love for his luv George.
Our brothers and sisters at ACT BG have invited us down for a Super Smash Bros tournament 6 pm Saturday at their campus house! The admission? A snack to share! Plan now to join in the fun! https://actatut.com
┍━━━━ ⋆⋅☆⋅⋆ ━━━━┑ ✿ NO CHEATING ✿ brighten up my Twitter with the 7th picture in your camera roll,unless personal. Don’t explain, have fun & play along! Then copy this using the number I give you ┕━━━━ ⋆⋅☆⋅⋆ ━━━━┙
The past 4 years we were getting ready to enter Cubtober. Now we’re just entering regular October.
Finally, the people who want to kick God out of America have had a major set-back. Plus their setback is so egregious, they may have to pay personally!
Coming from the dude who like the rams... who just lost to the BUCCANEERS FOHHHHH
He’s on his way to having a great season, he return kickoffs, can take a 5 yard slant to the house. It’s more than a fair question. That’s not knocking Noonie whatsoever n it’s not disrespectful. Kid has more playmaking ability imo
I am co facilitating a discussion of one of the chapters from "White Fragility" tomorrow and my partner and I decided to break folks into small group discussions for our prompts and I'm so curious to see if it works as well with faculty as it does with students.
Hence Troy Baker. He was the person who did the original VO for Rhys in tales.
What if...we got rid of UNCONSTITUTIONAL entities like the FBI, the CIA, and the Federal Reserve!?
If you don’t do the things someone asks you not to do & equally respect the other person just like they do you, you won’t hear any “complaining.” It’s not hard to not have to hear a mf mouth I swear.
Check out this awesome Witchy Business tee designed by  ! We're already in the Halloween mood! How about you? https://etsy.me/2ni6Y9l via  #happyhalloween #handmade #DigitalArtist
Don't forget that Thursday, Oct. 3, is the last day to register for all Fall Fiesta contests . https://www.taje.org/2797/news/registration-open-for-fall-fiesta/ …
#1101news1 They are using Pathos along with creative and strong language such as Cheat, and a "whole variety of ways" to imply a deep corruption and willingness to ignore the Constitution.
Say what you want about  this is why he’s the Goat in my book...
Always admire the innovations you display. What's the name of that red, rectangular tool?
She is talking about the practice of medicine and surgery itself; not everything in the world. It is true that there are all sorts of ppl w expertise who have valuable contributions to make to improving pt care, but for the individ pt, the individ physician in attendance 1/
Super cute GIF Thanks and you are most welcome!! So happy you liked the whales and birds VankaPro
You work with kids, dont you? And it's the start of flu season. Please do take care of yourself.
Leaving my problems in God’s hands was the best thing I could have ever done
I sent my mom: my old iPhone 8 Plus, a bag of Tim’s Cascade Potato Chips (jalapeño), smoked salmon, Theo chocolate, a fancy new wallet, and exhaustive, handwritten phone setup instructions. She called to tell me how happy she was about the hot chips????
If JuJu could get a slight cold before the game and not play that’d be great. Or just not score 2.2 points
I don’t have no problem lmao and unless it for the free ion want it
I'm sure there's a zillion and one contingency plans. As long as non of them include the words "President Pence", I am fine.
Guys get ya boo a spooky basket for the low low all thru October too!!! She definitely gon give u some spooky top if u buy one for her
How tf he gone get his homie baby momma/ ex lover pregnant? Smh why was he even fucking with her, like were is the loyalty.
You should try the Elder Scrolls Online: Tamriel Unlimited game. I too couldn’t really get into the single player ES games, but I love ESO. So much to do, always tons going on, plus the whole social aspect, becoming a PvP god, dungeons, raids, on and on.
I also love the newer version where her daughter sings backup
RT senatemajldr: The USMCA would create 176,000 jobs for American workers and generate $68 billion in wealth for America. House Democrats must stop standing in its way. My op-ed with GOPLeader in WSJ today. https://www.wsj.com/articles/house-democrats-resist-a-win-for-american-workers-11569786329 …
I stopped all of that to go buy dinosaur action figures, anyone want to be down as a dinosaur in the credits of my Jurassic Park remake?
Are you capable of thinking for yourself without just quoting from your cult book?! Of course the truth is out there. Corroborating evidence points is towards it. Not a contradictory book full of errors and blatant human weaknesses!
I hope he enjoys his tin foil aluminum blanket and drinking from the toilets!
need help in the uk? call SAMARITANS free here; 0845 790 9090
The  top 50 hits just keep stacking up!! This mob family is out of control.
Excellent Leadership Communication Training in the Workplace https://youtu.be/LnoIi1DslMI via #100
Follow the rules? Ok, I give up. Where’s the real #MoscowMitch
We laughed, we cried, we took some selfies. Thank you all for the thoughts and prayers. We are just trying to keep her comfortable at this point.
When the Pres Elect is a complete crook, loses the election by millions of votes but acts like he won 90% of the vote, when he/she violates the law flagrantly and consistently... yes if the next President is an ahole like Trump you can expect an attempt at impeachment.
It is moral to give Einstein more pats on the back because of his accomplishments, for example. The guy has earned himself a net worth of social points as a result of his triumphs in Physics, which end up serving the human race. He deserved to be treated above others.
Had this been posted a year ago I would've definitely agreed, but now there's a certain masked mouse roaming the streets.......
    please tell your Dad that we the American people know he is being attacked by the radical democrats. My bucket list is to personal meet everyone of you. We love you all.
What if #TheWhistleBlower get the Nobel Peace Prize? That would Trigger
Vela had two goals this week, and he tied the record, way more important.
If most of the African tech firms "IPO'd" their value will drop. See Peloton started at $29/share now at $26 in barely 1 month, lyft from 72-41, uber 45-31. While large growth and market size may be appealing to VC funds, Profit is all customers who want to invest care about.
I can not articulate how desperate you look when you’re quoting a Breitbart survey in support of yourself. Actual polls have *half the country* wanting you impeached and removed.
Amazing! Just watched. Awesome to see you more “behind the scenes “ keep em comin
Bruh on GOD Houston got the finest women to me IDC IDC I’m the messenger and ain’t nobody gone check me
You know, online we keep hearing all these people who are hurtful and don’t care. But when the chips are down, IRL, people help. A bunch of people helped during this event...keeping the boy calm, directing traffic, calling parents, etc. This is what our society is really like.
Two Navy guys, three Air Force. One Army Let's see the only Marine. Yeah, the guy rolling in hard.
The song is a bop. And they better put this run in the song
I love the auroras that happen. Green, blue, purple and red. It has two moons and of course DRAGONS!!!
Apparently this was a private event. I would think that being a disabled centre, the organizers would want it for invited guest only. IMO
really? i'm curious about the girl. what's her character?
Haven’t clicked on it but I’m 99% sure this took place in Sacramento
Thank you Rehana Been watching the show..’s really r ass’s ! Their defense of #DonnyPutinBinLootin45 has been a disgrace to America! They should all be ashamed of themselves but are not! That’s worse! Take any u likey y’all
“I will return her vineyards to her and transform the Valley of Trouble into a gateway of hope. She will give herself to me there, as she did long ago when she was young, when I freed her from her captivity in Egypt.” Hosea 2:15 NLT #biblejournaling #mymorningswithJesus
The finest collection of talent to grace The People’s House since Thomas Jefferson dined alone
I get to speak to the most motivated, talented, & honest Black women from around the world. They share their trials, triumphs, & how profoundly the act of traveling has impacted their lives. I'm filled up ya'll. Happy #NationalPodcastDay to us
did DA's logo get paler or is good when your vision starts to black out on the turns
Me I beg to differ o. How's the team is been set up is suspect and it's affecting his play. He thrives with his runs and movements. I watched him well and I know what he can do. We saw glimpses of that already. I feel he's too anxious to prove himself, instead he should be calm
Wow, we’re in a bleak place when the bright spot is Concur.
You don't have to have a ticket to get in. First come first served. You just singed up for email...enjoy. The people outside will get your seats. And, you just made the numbers go up! Thanks!
Same. I could wipe my CCs but I don’t want to touch the account that has that money. Nope! I’ll scrimp for the next couple months and get it wiped before Xmas!
Thanks Bill, hopefully this guy was using his real name and the FBI shows up to pay him a visit..He was also reported to twitter by someone, but he could just get another account in another name.Lots of crazies out there these days
Yep, and the poor will be worse off in retirement while the rich will be getting franking credits and tax breaks. LNP ideology 101.
if I get anything from j*nas la as fan request at my show... I’ll be exiting the venue immediately periodt!
Last retweet, Becky Lynch definitely can compete with the old school divas from the past such as: Lita, Chocolate sensation- Jacqueline, Trish Stratus, Chyna (Rip), Victoria, Stacy Keibler, Mickie James, etc tho
Quizlet making bold moves...bad day for the set creator to not be working. Maybe they just disabled me for s$%& talking them on twitter?
I mean theres also the possibility that they are a football stats account and make tables like this because they are interesting and not meant to hold any weight
Simple question. Why is it so hard to simply have trump and company respond in hearings to the truth? If they got nothing to hide why play the blame game ? We impeached a potus for a blow job. Why not treason
Join me in praying for the conversion of Jehovah’s Witnesses. And please, if they come to your house, open the door. #JW #mondaythoughts
Haven't found it yet lol but I'll look for the both of us.
iPhone Update: While I still feel the loss of iPhone 3D Touch, I’m getting over it. Haptic is good enough substitute, and I guess we get a few extra hours of battery life because of less screen hardware - so, worthwhile.
I did not get to meet him, but that inspired my grandpa to become an actual doctor (he did not actually get a diploma, but that's for another time). In the end I got the lemonade from their lemons. When Grandpa took me there (now it's a budget resort) I learned the story.
The cavalcade version, though it happened without the signature card. T1 Spitter t2 double champion swing 6 t3 champion #3 and hasty goblin swing 9. So I untapped t4 with 5 attackers and a shock in hand and them at 5 life. At that point Teferi doesn’t to much.
I third that! We #CanadianGamers want the Limited Edition #MarvelArcadeGame Cabinet!!... ok ok it ME that wants it... and probably a couple of other #CanadianGamers too.
The crawfish but save the potatoes, corn and sausage
What level of shame should you feel when your husband walks in on you eating whipped cream straight from the can? Asking for a friend.
Our history, hm? Is that even as straight as ya’ make it sound. One second we’re out for blood, or at least I am, and yet... here we are now, side by side without a blaster or knife held at the other. [ His tail slowly wagging now. ] Still... I’m sorta happy for ya’ two.
Tie and both stay in the basement, or Bengals win and Pittsburgh gets comfortable in their new spot.
Leviticus 13:40 KJV — And the man whose hair is fallen off his head, he is bald; yet is he clean.
I want a burger? Mozzerella sticks? cinnamon rolls? all of the above?
Zapp & Roger - Computer Love (Zapp & Roger: All the Greatest Hits)
 If Guliani refuses to comply with the subpoena, you and the dems better grow a pair and arrest this man!!!
Thank you guys so much for the love let’s keep it going! #SmallStreamersConnect #SupportSmallStreamers #Stream #twitchstreaming #SmallStreamerCommunity        ://twitch.tv/cityoflights_
There is not secret to attaining Paradise, No one had to die or be sacrificed, Simply Obey the ONE who created it.
Hoy bad yan Prayer is the greatest medicine. Kaya huwag panghinaan ng loob.
I cant take you seriously when you tweet the tick rule was never called again, then immediately recognize the tuck rule was indeed called again. It was called prior to the 01 playoffs amd after. Was used against the patriots in a jet game earlier in the season that year.
Well, that and how the country rallied behind Trump’s response to Maduro.
Goodmorning October first more blessing to come I hope the better days is coming
The wife has patiently been explaining how to redeem a fandango gift card to her mom for about 40 minutes.
Mungo Jerry - In The Summertime ORIGINAL 1970 https://youtu.be/wvUQcnfwUUM via  In The Summertime in (Bleichstraße)
this is my fav from power of music thank you for believing in it too your support is so appreciated from the heart !!
We are afraid to care too much, for fear that the other person does not care at all.
Looks like a boy pretending to be the ultimate warrior to me
Watching Monday Night Raw for the first time in forever, god help me
"Hmph.. being ready to any situation is a Servant role. Even for trivial stuff like this. I didn't made this for you in case you were thinking about it!" Her blush turned more deep, Nadine as the thing to put Artoria out of her rudeness to be.
“Mwahahaha! The tickle monster claims another victim!” Richie exclaimed, eventually slowing his tickling to a stop. He was thoroughly amused with this situation— happy, too. He adored that little laugh.
I can relate. Is there anything you can do in the meantime? A skill you can learn that doesn't take too much energy out of you or demand too much money?
Isn’t it funny how all the fans were yelling to draft a WR in the first round ?
Time for a new tribe to walk this earth...a tribe which wil respect the earth much better than we. But wait....if we had listened to al the indigenous tribes....we wouldn't have been in much a mess...
Sir, we will not lose the narrative. It’s insulting to hear that the mueller report was too complex. We have been shouting at the top of our lungs! We are desperate! You have never wavered. You have never insulted our intelligence. We have always supported you.
I don't think that I have ever seriously shipped anyone in my life. The plot is written as the author wills. I guess I've never had much desire to speculate on fictional romance.
Emergency nursing plays a vital role in the care & treatment of structurally vulnerable people with life-limiting illnesses. Can't wait to meet this dedicated group of health professionals  's #ENA19 in Austin, Texas this week! #nursing #Palliativecare #SDOH #hpm
Hollywood sexual predators. So R. Kelly will be okay, just like Bill Cosby, Tupac, and Tyson. Same game, same results. I guess we will never find out whether the 2-year-old consented to the congressman. He said he was going to prove that.
Highlight of my son’s bday party yesterday was when my dad (71) looked at my (blonde) wife and her (blonde) friend talking and started laughing to himself. When asked why he was laughing he replied they reminded him of a blonde joke he just heard. Then proudly told the joke!
what if.... the character was played by marcel ruiz? haha just kidding... unless?
Beyonce x JT Til the End of Time will forever be one of my favorite songs
Rachel and I are both off next Saturday (never happens) and I’m ready for early birthday festivities. I’ll be 22?? What the heck???
Before you know it, he’s gonna be running around the house and being energetic and happy
My dawg riding to that #Paperwork n  click the link in my bio it’s in there like ragu
i swear they precede ishtar's animation over ushi, leonidas, and benkei which were the GG involving characters in babylonia like why dw
I tot i said i want to watch medal rush yesterday..in the end didnt even open any medal rush ep of ren at all wht am i even doing yesterday?! Hahah
Visions from the Ville podcast on ... #VFTV #PodcastsOnSpotify #InternationalPodcastDay #Podcasters #podcast
we got that sweet sweet gender euphoria and it aint even abt the present im just so hopeful for the future
i told mary if Ma’Khyla & D’ior don’t get along , imma lock them in the closet until they learn to love their cousin
Arsene coming out has the same feeling as your dad walking in the room with a belt
Now someone else needs to start a band with Johnny Craig then put out an album after that let will swan join before the second album is written so then we have all stages of dgd as separate bands ha
But tou need to admit that you are not collecting any data yourself. You trust other censor to take good objective data from representative samples. And the results are pointing different directions. So how representative and objective are they?
I hope the whole community reading this, I couldn't of said this no better. . If they ain't mad you they on you behind ya back. Trying to recruit the squad behind ya back the whole 9 #2kCommunity
If I could I would take all versions. Because the photos are really very beautiful, artistic But my favorite is Yesung You are sensual, voluptuous, sexy. And I love this dark, deep look and that beautiful smile that gives me energy every day. Love you sweet kisses
JOIN THE CAMPAIGN! Brandon Straka and the #WalkAway Movement Call on Trump to Release His Own #WalkAway Testimony (VIDEO)  https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2019/09/join-the-campaign-brandon-straka-and-the-walkaway-movement-call-on-trump-to-release-his-own-walkaway-testimony-video/ … via
I met Ms. Norman in the very early 80's. She was a magnificent woman, and the opera world is diminished with her passing. Opera Singer Jessye Norman Dies At 74 https://n.pr/2moxwoP
Sounds like the beginnings of a good idea for a flash mob or all out invasion like the storm Area 51 they did out here by Vegas. I can see it now a few 100K in times square screaming, beautiful. God bless #WWG1WGA
https://www.gofundme.com/f/a-roommate039s-troubles?utm_source=customer&utm_medium=copy_link&utm_campaign=p_cp+share-sheet … my friend needs help with tuition! She lost all her financial aid for the year and lost work study, so please help her out! #college #bts #snsd #help
, why is that all blacks that allegedly commit a sexual act go to jail. This game is really old. You going to break him like Weinstein gave up a lot of money to stay out of jail. The other guys left the country and went to Israel to live. Maybe you can do a segment on
Oooohhgmugid do I love jooheon. Just btw like so so so so much. That's drunk MD really has to say because nwiw jooheon have u sEEN jooheon the OnLY man, I love him, thank you for liisgenjngn goodniggbtt
The #MadVerse has been a labor of love, and pretty much a lifesaver for me. Having the privilege of reading the fantastic writing that regularly fills the prompt feed is a good feeling
jogar um lol pra desestressar o cara saí da primeira partida querendo se matar
Mitch McConnell! He's should be at the top of the list.
Vader was once good but eventually turned to the Dark Side. This made Flip Jackson compare him to the Valeyard, who was the embodiment of the Doctor's dark side.
What’s the true back story to this cause regardless, the caption being true or not, this is fucked up. And those people are not “parents”
Bringing back this video because it literally makes me laugh every time I watch it I hate it but also love it at the same time ahagagh
Despite what ween twitter thinks, I’m pretty sure jacob will be fucking cwc by the end of this all.
Please, Come sit by me as I enjoy my pumpkin spice lattes and some delicious chocolate biscotti! ~ Once again I have the great privilege of having myself drawn by the super awesome  !
“...To be extremely honest with you, I don’t think a single soul in this place cared at all, I don’t want to stay here and get insulted nearly all the time, whether it be my own doing, or something else entirely, I honestly don’t think you cared either, which is ironic, don’t you
Apparently, I earned some prize money for my #Cosplay entry at the Lynden fair. Barely anything but I'm still jazzed I won something. I think I'll buy a very nice soda.
Me : Can I pencil in 3 days off to pop to Manchester? Boss : Sure. Wait what? You don’t ‘pop’ to the other side of the planet!
/2 imagine trying to talk six hundred people into helping you drag a fifty-ton stone eighteen miles across the countryside and muscle it into an upright position, and then saying, 'Right, lads! Another twenty like that, plus some lintels and maybe a couple of dozen nice
An incredible live auction to benefit the deserving students of SLCA! We are so grateful to our generous supporters- 24 years of Fr. Bob’s Golf and counting! #FrBobsGolf #GivetoSLCA
#Trailhead is serious business but who says you can’t have fun along the way. #TrailheadBasecamp
Always keep asking until you get the answer you want.
.  I think  wins the KK argument bc Lincoln Riley also came from Tech and the Mike Leach school, is closer to KK than Tony Shalhoub on the looks spectrum, and wins conference championships.
Uncle Luke Calls Out Jay-Z for Super Bowl Halftime Performer Selections, Says Rapper Violated the G-Code: Uncle Luke has a bone to pick with Jay-Z. Last week, the NFL announced that Jennifer Lopez and Shakira will be the performers for the halftime show... http://dlvr.it/RFDRZQ
Hey girlfriend, have an awesome birthday and I wish you all the bright and beautiful things the world can offer! God bless you abundantly
Millennials are getting a head start on retirement: millennial participation in defined-contribution retirement plans increased by 82% in the past decade. Not surprisingly, they haven’t accumulated the same amount of assets as their older cohorts https://bloom.bg/2n4UNN9
#MCF you are doing something to me, . Something I thought I'd never have the privilege of knowing. Always be "Sexy Blakey" to me
After seeing the Warriors with KD, it almost makes you forgot what they did without him. They’ll be straight lol
 ,  ,  ... they're all saying the same damn thing. TAX THE RICH. Let's elect the ONLY candidate who will actually do this. #Bernie2020 #PresidentBernieSanders #NotMeUs #OurRevolution #MedicareForAll #NotMeUs
Happy birthday!!! If twitter can give ya balloons so can I! Let the blue wave roll! Happy birthday friend!!
I had the feeling we were not getting those pics in real time
 We do not seem to have footnotes for the KJV translation. The footnotes themselves are included within the translations, so we can only post what was given to us with the translation. Great question!
Omg, I think this is the best & THE MOST REALISTIC indication EVER!
Dems should change their party name to the Subeona Party. Just saying
I know. It surprised me that Reznor barely got a mention for Cash's cover in the Country Music documentary.
Niko the lead singer / guitar is a very cute and minblowing 16 yo kid - waaayyy to go
The DNC thinks my name is "Andrew" for some reason, and I'd correct them but honestly it's convenient to be able to track the spread of my contact info so I've just left it. But the "Andrew, we need you" emails amuse me to no end.
Need help getting your website to rank in Google? We can help! Give us a call at 518-615-4229 or click the link in the bio for more information. #sem #seo #google #marketing #digitalmarketing #websitedesign #socialmediamarketing #brand #strategy #busine… https://www.instagram.com/p/B3DZMgZA-O7/
Our students took part in a pond study with the great Mr. Teson. They caught all types of interesting creatures!
Id agree if kev didnt make a parody video like 2 minutes after requesting a guest spot. I dont know the details for sure but i could see him saying "jay and bob reboot is comign out, put us on right now" and them saying "we're interested but not at the last minute".
How many TD passes he got lmao how many wins he got lmao how many game ending turnovers he got  is not the answer!!!
EXT. BRONX ZOO Wife's Friend So you're not making any money off your podcasts? Do It All Dad How do you know I'm not Marc Maron's body double? SAG union actor checks in the house. #plumber
HAHA, REALLY? PRESIDENT PELOSI? Washington Post makes the case for 'President Nancy Pelosi' as impeachment kerfuffle continues https://freedomoutpost.com/washington-post-makes-the-case-for-president-nancy-pelosi-as-impeachment-kerfuffle-continues/ … #realDonaldTrump via
I don’t really like any milk, but if I had to choose I’d say almond milk is the best. Definitely worth the try!
I say steelers! I feel a 0-4 start will crush the hopes of the bengals season , with that I feel regardless if the Steelers get a win tonight or not that gus Bradley will have us more than prepared for a semi talented Mason Rudolph! HOT TAKR
Yes. The course I’ve been taking taught us floats first then eventually took us to Grid + Flex. Oh boy, the sheer joy. That rhymed
Hmm, maybe you should start thinking about this. Maybe the entire left really needs to start thinking about this His 60 million supporters have been thinking about it for a long time. We know what y’all would like to do with us but jokes on you. We’re the ones who support the 2A.
As he returns to his dorm room after training he noticed something most peculiar under the door. By the looks of it a letter. He picked up the envelope with a raised brow, opening it to take s look inside. From home it seemed.-
The crazy thing about dieting is i dont know wtf to eat. I know to cut out junk food soda and carbs arent good but shit im just lost in what to eat
Trump: We will build a great wall along the southern border https://youtu.be/2J9y6s_ukBQ via
The Dark side is rampant in your family. #TaxiVader #TreasonousTrumps have fun in the soup lines.
Call your Reps! If they vote for #impeachment they will be removed by the people! This is an offical investigation & Pres Trump has a right to ask foreign government for assistance. RT if you agree.
A beautiful day honoring the brave! Thank you NJ Run for Fallen! We know it’s been a long week..
Okay but for real I actually like the inside of the jacket https://bungiestore.com/collections/whats-new/products/preorder-bungie-rewards-destiny-2-shadowkeep-garden-of-salvation-raid-jacket-ship-date-tbd …
For those who do not know,  is the largest and probably the best insurance company in the world ://technode.com/2019/09/24/ping-an-technology-ai-predicts-flu-outbreaks-with-90-accuracy/ …
Ultimately, the requirement on Remain was that we changed our minds because of the vote, because of 0.9% of the voters. No new facts came to light in Leave's favour. Nothing even happened! We were simply told to get behind it. It was never possible. Frankly, you needed a cull.
Is This 14-Year-Old the Strongest Girl You'll Ever Meet? https://youtu.be/dJzIlVt493A via
Check out my highlight - http://www.hudl.com/v/2Beq5H game 1 went well had to shake off the worries and play the game
She kisses his nose. "Perhaps sooner than later for the wedding, we can even just go sign our papers at the town hall.."
I got the photo from a friend but yes I was the fool who posted it
"I'm the whistleblower!" -  ALSO "Truth isn't truth!"
it ships do you ship this pairing? - nOpe - yep - hell yea - they cute but kinda - OF COURSE - YES. - uM idk? - eh - brotp :) reply w/an emoji for the questions
She peered inside the pub, noticing it was a little too crowded for her taste due to the charity. She squinted, then looked to Johnny. "Fine. Thanks." She stepped inside to join him.
Is your #baby on the move? Make sure your next vacay is #toddler proof with these nifty tricks.Visit Paris!https://bit.ly/2N24l5W
I don’t care for him but he is a game changer. Who else is sitting on the sidelines that can grab instant headlines and ratings?
What I don't understand is why the extreme-right adults are so focused on discrediting this little girl, instead of proposing new alternatives on how to deal with climate change. We [humans] don't have too much hope to save ourselves, isn't it? That's quite sad!
Reports suggest more details about the prince's friendship with Jeffrey Epstein could emerge. https://bit.ly/2o44rPS
So if Barr does it then its "he is acting like his private attorney", when Giuliani does it, then its "why is his private attorney doing this instead of DOJ". Pick one. In fact this is DOJs job - to enforce the law, and they all report to the only elected official - Trump.
thinking about the guy i went on a date with this summer that looked just like bucky. miss your beautiful face winter soldier.
It's a very simple logic, Pakistan is playing a move because they know that they can't defeat India in a war. That's why they are playing old #Britanbhramastra divide and rule in the name of pilgrimage. By publishing a news with the help of such #antinationalmedia
Overall I think this is pretty decent. I like McCollum over booker. Lebron I still think is the best player in the NBA, and until he drops off I don't see an argument really. Lowry may be a little high but not a big deal to me
 Hey is there any chance that the Jovian's could come back into play? Or that maybe the Eve gate re-opens?
1st fall to the Dynasty. Holliday/Davey Boy hit heads and both fall over. MJF pushes Holliday as the ropes hold him up back on top of Davey Boy for the fall. Smdh. Ngl I laughed a bit #MLWFusion
Look at your avi then look at the picture LMAO that’s your twin
Selamat pagiPray for Papua, pray for Jakarta, pray for Indonesia, Indonesian, & Indonesian leaders, for God to give them WISDOM, to lead, to protect, to love the peoples of this beloved nation, amen.
No, I mean I’ll buy a bottle and finish it the same day instead of saving some and having a cabinet full of different liquors lol
Well if you wanna work for the Celtics, they have job openings if you can do any of these:
Question is what would the black female have done? Obama was black himself and did nothing. Look at the CBC, they might as well all be Hispanics.
Yeah I started recently too, since ther first 50-ish episodes are mostly comedy/slice of life shit with few serious moments, it’s kinda hard to binge, but it’s enjoyable for what it is
That's on you. People have died for people like you and ito have the opportunity to vote and have a political voice. Please don't spread that nonsense.
Lol yes! It’s more than the funny/gross scenes. The writers did an awesome job bringing up real ass problems women face and also ex cons of course.
Can’t wait for this AWESOME ride to pick me up from the airport!  #worklikeyou #HRTechConf
The best meaning measure of a leaders ability is the preferred PM poll Is 5% good  ?
I am so grateful that I recorded this. I've been listening to it whenever I feel down and it helps me acknowledge myself that even though I feel left out at times, I belong with (as the awesome  labeled us) "the cool kids" Thank you for saying this. It means a lot
When you start to love yourself by taking care of your body; rest, eat, and dress well, exercise properly, keep your body hydrated, boundary up, value your time, etc., you will start to lose those who do not love themselves. Know that you are on the right path and then continue.
"This event changed me because my first year, I came here as a no name player. Then I came here, showed my talents against the top player, and from there I just blew up and became the #1 player. It was a great experience"- 2023 Elijah Fisher of / .
BYDC is having a Pizza Pie Cafe Food fundraiser starting today. It ends Thursday, Oct 3rd. The perfect excuse!! Go out and have some amazing pizza, pasta, and dessert pizza! Don't forget to mention BYDC. #pizzapiecafe
Are you going to apologize for publishing this false story in which you managed to include the Pence family?
With all due respect, no partner is SUPPOSED to satisfy every single need you have. The fact that people go into romantic relationships expecting this is part of the reason the divorce rate is so high. We shouldn't be normalizing the idea that romantic relationships "complete" us
I need a trip to the confessional.. father forgive me for i like billie eilish
Its pretty neat that the government used to break up big companies to stop them from becoming monopolies but skimmed over the fact that most common medicines are owned by one company, so they set the price and then, politicians add taxes on top of that
“You know how I know crown peach is good ? B/c I can drink it warm lmao ... like the black or regular ... over ice is preferred sure but sometimes duty calls “
Is your #baby on the move? Make sure your next vacay is #toddler proof with these nifty tricks.Visit Chattanooga!https://bit.ly/2N24l5W
I like the Steelers and the under but honestly. This might be the most ass MNF game of all time lol
The same Mueller that claimed he didn’t know who FusionGPS was? Ok mate.
Thing is. [Abrahamic] religions that assign different *roles* based on gender wouldn't be inherently terrible were it not for the fact that men always dodge/ignore theirs...
They have managed to suppress most problems without making the news so I would call that a success.
the best level. man. i miss house parties. those were (and always will be) the ultimate move omg.
I said away from home and at the emirates Arsenal are so good lacazete carried u that game phenomenal performance
I see what you did there, quietly stating Mr Redwood voted against the WA, implying he reneged on his promise. Except the WA wasn't & isn't leaving the eu. But, you already knew that.
the one person who voted shard: u are braver than the us marines
Agreed, very well done! The ending didn’t quite work for me, though.
One of the coolest things I’ve ever seen.monarch butterflies resting on their way south. Hope you can see them in the picture. Amazing. Thousands in the trees.
looking for a squad to join as a solo, dm for achievements etc. down to look for 1/2 more and form a squad. if you’re not down to stick with the same squad throughout all weeks don’t message me.
You know it's been ridiculously hot in Florida when you're thinking, "Gosh it's really cooled off for September. This feels pretty nice" and you look over at the thermostat and it's 91 degrees.
It’s always a good day no matter what’s going on - Lady at the post office
The #Angels are no sure thing to land Joe Maddon as Manager. They have plenty of candidates while Maddon has plenty of choices.
Hi Tom. Yes, dogs are permitted on the train as long as they are in a carrying case or kennel. ^KM
the best artists come from the midwest . i said what i said .
He has no position after totally destroying my trust and respect for him. He’s not done one thing to repair the damage and keeps reinforcing my low opinion. If it works for them great.
It’s been a big journey from #Perth start-up to global tech recruitment leader. Recruitment coach and industry commentator Ross Clennett, FRCSA recently sat down with Richard Earl to discuss the secret to Talent’s success. #BreakFromThePackhttps://rossclennett.com/2019/09/the-rise-and-rise-of-talent-international-richard-earl-interview-part-1/ …
I need a testimony audit please Jesus....clearly you gave me someone’s load over the toppa Mine!
also the main thread suggests Hamburger helper is actually 20 feet tall and is a cousin of Master Hand
hmmm that’s an interesting thought too but i think the clock on the tree is going to be an actual object used to track actual time. but it may be similar to the events of season 2 where they had a set plan to a set time if that makes sense
Also shout out to  who were hands down one of the most exciting supports I’ve seen in a while. They rocked the stage and most of the floor and did not take what could have been an awkward situation…
#binging #Friends25Years for the first time. What a brilliant show!
If you can, keep the apples trees. Takes years to get good apple crops. You can thin them quite hard. Up to you of course
Gotta agree with Linsey this time RT : Sen. Lindsey Graham in 1999: “A president doesn’t even have to be convicted of a crime to be impeached. Impeachment is about restoring honor and integrity to the office”
Noooooooooo not at all says the man that got an additional $800 for his  when I took the original box it came in.
 about to go get cleaned up and changed. I put the key in the spot by the table if you want to swing by and we can go take a look before i have to go close up over at dad's for the night.
The “best” Cubs manager of all time would have found a way to make the playoffs this year, and definitely found a way to make more than 1 WS appearance with this stacked team in their prime.
AWS IQ matches users with partners to provide training, support, managed services, or consulting. I find it so hard to match merchant budgets with the right partner. Maybe IQ has a fix for that? https://techcrunch.com/2019/09/30/aws-iq-matches-aws-customers-with-certified-service-providers/ …
The Odell/Vernon trades looks better and better each day. Jabrill could be a star as he grows which he has a lot of time to do.
I swear the PlayStation waits until the minute you want to play to run an update
Would you rather them have the jig saw in they mouth or fix it lol
Ana De Armas Plays Marilyn Monroe on the Set of Blonde in LA 09/16/2019 https://www.dailymail.co.uk http://onceleb.wiki/ana-de-armas-plays-marilyn-monroe-on-the-set-of-blonde-in-la-09-16-2019/ …
I love the way my clothes smell and feel after a good dryer cycle but i surely ain't paying L&P every week for something i could do for free outside
Any luck? Hopefully they work better than wasabi, which I've found doesn't help blow out sinuses, but is very good at finding the one bit of unblocked nasal cavity and overstimulating that.
Saints was the first real competition y’all played all season...
Congrats ! I look forward to enjoying the next step of your adventure.
Meowth you weak. You gotta take these hugs because it’s from one of the best Pokémon. FOOL.
When all is said & done, the novel belongs to the reader & his or her imagination ―Alice Hoffman #writing #quote #nature #photography
From what I've found, I can say that your MMR is a bit on the low side for your current tier. This can happen if you climb really quickly. What I can recommend to you is to keep your win rate and streaks up, you should see your LP gains rise over time. ^^ ~Proxy
make sure it’s the cheese and broccoli one or whatever i don’t eat pork
WTFNDKDHSJSUSH JOON IN EUROPE???? JK AT THE GYM?????
Which aquib Mir..?? Can u please share his user ID?? Someone must have created a new account in the name of  to defame him. Kindly share the screenshot of the DM, else you are also a fake tweet user.  and  please do check, people are misusing SM
If YOU were the whistleblower, would YOU want to be outed? Especially if you knew your life might be at stake? Try not to lie when you answer.
As a person who grew up in this state of affairs... The Righteous Gemstones is an ACCURATE AF depiction of what my “childhood growing up in the church” was like
That’s not the point of what I even said. I never said people should be less charitable. I said if it’s less needed that’s good, because people being well off is a good thing. Do you think everyone being healthy and stable is bad?
I don’t have any cute recent selfies for the twt vs irl tweet so y’all r gonna have to deal with a recycled one
the last three months of the year are the best months
Are Dogle jara apne bare mein bhi to Soch, pahle Aap mein tha jab laat maar ke nikale gayi to Congress jiske khilaff Andolan karte the, usi party mein Joothan chatne aa gayi aur ab Principles ke bat kar rahi hai, wah ji wah
The most rewarding part of this job is seeing a child or two smile becuase of what you do in the ring. I’m beyond grateful to have visited some of the children in the Phoenix Children’s Hospital and put a smile on their faces.
Why is the Intel community not crying foul over this..? Seems to be way out of DOJ’s purview...
So maybe I'm asking of all of you, as we make the new Scotland, let's not forget the tradition and heritage that made old Scotland. There are so many of us still tied to that old world which we need to gently coax into Independence, many of whom I shared a dram with today.
TOMORROW: For Artist Inspo day, don’t forget to dress up as your favorite artist or group! Also, snap a picture with our backdrop in the morning! Make sure you stay in dress code & be RESPONSIBLE with your costumes!
Some very cool storylines unfolding on NRL grand final day, enabled by multiple games on the same day. A brother and sister both playing their grand finals, and an engaged couple also in deciders one after the other
Basically me to you 2013-14 season which started the current dominance of Kennedy basketball
He’s old and hasnt adapted to the new style game or the cap. Was great once just not anymore
Speaking of such, I actually liked that game. I just can't get past the jumping in the kitchen
 it would mean alot if you would help the family in this Hard time   I hope you see my tweet
Its the first step in our secret plan to restore the Kingdom of Mercia. Oh, I've said too much...
When you tell the boys that they did such a good job of coming to attention without being asked that they can have 30 seconds of free time and they choose to spend all of it celebrating https://www.instagram.com/p/B3DaBuSnxI-/?igshid=4w6fa996jlbz …
A teenage sensation will join Wimbledon champion Simona Halep as the first men’s name on the board for the ATP Adelaide International tennis tournament in January.  #AdelaideInternational #MemorialDrivehttp://bit.ly/2n2d65z
Maybe MNS decides to bid farewell to this planet . After all he is an ageing person and his love for the looted money is tremendous... So best solution is to say bye bye to this world
Swear earlier i opened my calendar like “damnnn tomorrow is the 1st ”
Fuckin gross man I’m glad my last flight wasn’t 5hrs long and I have a stop...the dude next to me doesn’t know that deodorant exists fuck that was god awful...I can’t remember the last time I was so excited for my lay over
Hey angels! pls dont feel bad if you already ate most of your calorie intake in the beginning of the day, The weight loss is actually effective! For example I split my intake of 1400cals to : 700cals breakfast 500cals lunch 200cals dinner It works really well for me
This little owl goblin came to live with us two years ago today, and our lives are all the better for it.
Would love to hear the two of you trade solos on a track.
 Just saw you on CNN with your husband. I have been unsure about you until now. You got me when Bailey came up and into the room! Love Bailey and I had a Bailey.
I’ve seen bits & pieces but I really want to see how he can play in the NBA now
I literally put the ice cream Sunday ones in my freezer an hour ago they are so good frozen
What is clear- MSM, journalists, researchers etc are completely dug into their narrative. There is disinformation, half truths, misleading leads daily. One day we are quoting politico to prove a point and the next we say it's left wing garbage and vice versa.
Late to the party but I HIGHLY enjoyed Aussie Rube. Giggled every 5 minutes. I realize it can’t be a weekly staple but I don’t wanna bury it either.
We signed up for a lifetime internship at the zoo the moment we like yy
It’s a anime I decided to watch one day the story is about this girl who is really in love with gambling I’m not really the best at explaining plots so I usually tell people to try the first episode and see if it sticks other than that try stand up specials their pretty funny
a favorite thing about NYCC is that most of the surrounding streets are empty enough to facilitate a good cry before re-joining civilization for the nighttime activities
that said, again, i do apologize for ascribing bad faith to you (i didn't meant to reiterate the assertion earlier, only to explain my thought process because you asked). in any case, i enjoy your poetry and prose and look forward to reading your new book. best wishes.
  you’re making it seem as though it doesn’t take much to be the President of the United States when you have all this extra time on your hands for Twitter. So disappointed. God bless and help the USA
My bf thought it was strength by the ocean instead of cake by the ocean lmao he was singing so confidently
hopefully the impeachment will distract trump from invading iran
admiral The medal was presented to Captain Naismith by the chief of the Canal Authority, Admiral Ahmed Fadel.
or spoken loudly through the door, "Not interested. I don't know you. Vacate the property and have a nice day." X3
The S’s in Rich’s and Residual needs to be $$$. Rich makin it rain...
I didn’t know it was #HypoAwarenessWeek. A couple years ago, I woke up to a room full of paramedics. My mom couldn’t wake me up and tested my blood sugar. I don’t remember the exact number but it was under 20 mg/dL.
I appreciate the friends I have that reach out to me on a daily basis
CoVEX Airdrop The registration Bonus in the platform only for New members: Get 100 CoVEX token = $50. Join Telegram Community here: https://t.me/CoVEXplatform SIGN up here: https://covex.io/?d=23381570 Complete google form:
Tell your friends about the treason and the mob, because the media won't. #WTFNews
Oh. Groundbreaking. The white supremacists over at Breitbart support you. In other news, the sky is blue.
 called me tonight asking for a donation back to the institute. While I wasn’t in a position to donate my alma mater they deserve every penny! If you are in a position to give  educates and cares about its students! #GoBears
THIS IS THE BEST THING IVE SEEN ALL DAY JISUNG LATINO
You’ll make a really good Congressman, just don’t mix up with the Corp Donors
Never said you should be 16-0. I said you looked like shit against a Backup qb. So give the gonna beat the Packers anyway stuff a rest of you don't want criticism. Especially when Rodgers owns you guys.
1) A star falls from the heavens. It crashes through the atmosphere in a shower of flame and sparks. It careens through a cloudy atmosphere and slams into what was once the American midwest but is now a desolate wasteland. Despite its size and velocity, it doesn't kick up a big
MAGA!!!!!! Thank  for all you do for US, the people of the USA!!!
The Best Plot Twists in Movie History http://twentytwowords.com/best-plot-twists-movie-history/6/?utm_source=deck&utm_medium=cpc&utm_term=influencer&utm_campaign=DM367 …
Heck yea! My guess it’s a man from his own hometown possibly his boss and workmates so they can clown him which would explain why they freely lend him the money bc they know they will get it right back
Short cuts are the best!  I loved the caps lock option so much, I switched my #chromebook search key to be caps lock! #gttribe
I watch shameless and Jane the virgin which are also shows you watch (according to your YouTube video) is my taste still trash sweetie?
#AI Augmentation: The Real Future of Artificial Intelligence Forbes http://twib.in/l/ABeXbnBgy6pk #ArtificialIntelligence
Thanks a bunch for sharing your Referral link! We are excited to see you and your friends make the best of this opportunity together! #SharingIsCaring *Kris
JOIN THE CAMPAIGN! Brandon Straka and the #WalkAway Movement Call on Trump to Release His Own #WalkAway Testimony (VIDEO) https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2019/09/join-the-campaign-brandon-straka-and-the-walkaway-movement-call-on-trump-to-release-his-own-walkaway-testimony-video/ … via
These effin guys. In order to descredit the fact that they got foreign help in an election go out and get foreign help.
All snark aside, in the same way CBS All Access exists to help with retransmission fees, these viewing numbers might help somewhere, although it's hard to imagine it's anywhere close to keeping the Stumptown from getting the axe on ABC.
Wow vivacious is the only word that could come close to describing you
Karl's so God damn good. Glad to see him only getting better and better. Dude is all the money
IM SO UPSET! I found a group of puppets on the main floor and I got so excited hoping to find you next con for sure!!
Congrats to the JV Girls Golf Team on winning the Valley Center Invitational today! Great job, girls!
It's a GREAT life compared to 99% of people in the world. This is my point. Not saying people should not strive, but it's important to maintain perspective and gratitude.
Yes Whit is still one of the Best AD’s in the country.
Over there...that's the Washington Monument. Are we that close? No? OK over there in the distance, that's the Blue Ridge mountains. Are we that close? No? Bruce: See that over there Dan? Dan: You mean the moon? Bruce: Yes. And no we aren't that close either.
The girl next to me smells like straight up weed, la amoooo.
I do think he’s top 15 QB...injuries and defense let us down against the Raiders
Because that would be germane. I hope the SC Chief Justice rules such inquiries out of order.
I’ve got #Nationals winning the #NLWildCard on TBS.
Which not to air my health laundry out here but is it normal to feel like u are on the verge of passing out every 10 minutes, I feel like a nervous Victorian lady !!!
If me or Sam are leaving the bunker and I will always protect you no matter what and I will
Dr. Chandran https://profiles.ucsf.edu/sindhu.chandran was also invited to present an update on clinical transplant tolerance trials at the ASHI/Banff 2019 meeting https://2019.ashi-hla.org , also held in Pittsburgh, PA, on September 26, 2019.
So I’ve been off twitter for a little bc I need a break but this made my heart so happy and was a nice video to come back to. Thank you for the love
Hahaha. I love being the center of attention and I am such a big baby. I admit those
YESSIR she secured the pee so i could secure da bag
You mapped the entire price descent form the top. The triangle only starts on March 3rd, and form April 10th or so matches the current one perfectly.
it feels like drugs the only thing that helps me feel alive
—> — “ You look like you just got ran over by a car and was brought back from the dead.. more resurrected. That’s for sure.. “ He huffs a bit...
Hope this is true ? The MSM propaganda machine does not give hope from their narrative being pushed. And what happens after IG report? More investigations into investigations?
The USA isn’t a government.. So many think the government should be in control. The whole point of being an American is because we didn’t want government control..
itw ok take all the time you need im gonna miss you tho
save it as a keyboard short cut on my phone, so when i go to type "shrug" autocorrect kicks in and the "¯\_(ツ)_/¯" pops up as a replacement
Mediocrity would be a pretty big step up for the current GOP!!
It was an astonishing fall. My view is coloured by only seeing the Suns against North, but watching them take us apart a few times, by the end of 2014, I was pretty sure they would win a flag within a few years.
ok let it never be said that i don't learn my lessons for the week of october 7th, our raid group will need a substitute for e1s-e3s clears and e4s prog. ranged phys dps or melee on primal data center, fri-sun, 8-10 pst.
If you don’t trust NASA, or prefer to look at the (almost) raw data yourself, Berkeley did a great job. This is Toronto but you can pick your location: http://berkeleyearth.lbl.gov/locations/44.20N-80.50W …
I truly believe that in the not so distant future you will be rewarded for courage & integrity.
THIS by : "No one should ever be forced to move but if a pensioners’ total assets (housing and financial) exceed some high bar, say $2m, then surely any age pension payments should be deducted from the ultimate inheritance." https://www.theaustralian.com.au/commentary/the-pension-should-not-be-protecting-mansions/news-story/3bf2a46d19bd3142e9354d53eed64477 … #auspol
what's good for the goose is also good for the gander isn't it above the law democrat privilege Dem Adam Schiff: No Big Deal That Hillary Colluded with Ukraine to Influ... https://youtu.be/pzj-pYHtKD8 via
*I didn't finish reading the article just yet, but* I had seen the imagery throughout the years and I'm genuinely amazed this was not created in Japan.
Omg gaaahhh I was literally just thinking about your lemon cakes ahhhhhhhh you are the best and someday I’m gonna come visit u and Emily!!
Here's my Halloween layout! The icon was made by CrackPL on DeviantArt, just in case you're curious who made it. I hope you guys like it! :3 (left is icon, right is banner)
i mean... i haven’t seen much of what they look like but i can understand the concept
we’ll be like “think of the kids” and show him a video of oli singing iicf (we gotta teach him the lyrics!)
Wayne Fitzgerald, prolific title designer for Total Recall, The Fly, and Child’s Play, dies at 89 https://www.syfy.com/syfywire/wayne-fitzgerald-prolific-title-designer-for-total-recall-the-fly-and-childs-play-dies-at …
It’s a joke and it’s really funny. Sorry that you’re not in on the fun. Stay salty
Love genius hour! I bet the students enjoyed the experience #formativechat
Especially when the Mueller investigation essentially made a profit
one second while i bang my head against the wall *walks away and suddenly you hear a really loud bang from the other room and i come back with my head bleeding* alright i'm good now
After independence we will have our own immigration policy and will be able to attract people of working age. Even allowing for the hoped for emigration to England of the traitor yoons, we will have a healthy increase in population. #DissolveTheUnion
Thanks for the ride lets MAGA lets keep it going MAGA
and so the Cardinality of Zacharias’ claim might be necessarily discounted.
The Long Way Home album by Krept and Konan is a classic tbh it should’ve got even more credit than it did
i would just like to say thank you to emily and louise for giving me the opportunity to write out a letter to michael it really means a LOT to me
Pretty much it. Now let’s go back to attacking someone the left approves of the attacks, like Mini AOC.
Have you ever encountered a policy document that was useful and understandable? I seem to only get the ones that are infuriatingly, bafflingly abstract.
Happy Monday!! Thanks for always RTing the lists! Fingers are still crossed for any items off my list. I have several items under $10. #clearthelisteveryday #clearthelists #TwitterPhilanthrophy
How about we start by not labeling it the black community? We are all Americans . If we have to make special arraignments based on color we will never be one. Conservatives believe you don’t need special help , you are capable.
18 and SOME OF YALL IN THE COMMENTS.... big baby energy up in here
Regardless it doesn’t change the fact that it *is* all second-hand and therefore no better than a WaPo article with anonymous sources. It’s also irrelevant at this point because the facts are known and it comes down to confirmation bias.
Don you're really good and the battle was solid but brotha....nah.
He’s such a nerd but In a good way. He knew I was at work so I guess he wanted to make sure I got the message
I share this so that everyone knows this shit happens all the time and it's not okay. I share this to ask that you keep vulnerable people in your community safe. I share this so I get it out of my head and don't keep seeing the image every time I close my eyes.
The only one who has been there for them emotionally, financially. Every1 is different. All I'm saying is "look where this is headed". I'm not saying "I'm perfect and you're messed up". I'm also saying "be aware of what you're committed to". That's it. I truely wish you the best.
8:15-11:  &  are here to discuss what's on the #Pirates off-season to do list, Early favorites for Manager's role, React to Steven Brault's online Q&A with fans, Penguins get set to open 2019-20 Season and more! Tune In .7 orhttps://player.radio.com/listen/station/93-7-the-fan …
We fulfilled our black man quota already and needed to make room for the penis monster. Please understand.
Why wouldn’t we help? We had involvement via Downer. Mueller’s investigation cost millions and resulted in a great big nothing result. Establishing how this wasted money was instigated seems like a reasonable course of action. The Steele dossier was funded by Dems, as example
Jockey Mens No Bunch Boxer - 2 Pack 6.99 Free shipping EXTRA 20% OFF $15+ WITH CODE JUSTCOZY #deals #saveumoney #ebaydeals We do not own the picture in tweet thanks https://tinyurl.com/y68vs2qw
Of course not, I wouldn’t expect anything else from narcissist Trump haters.. Between the MSM, Hollywood, the Dems and people like you, you all have a way of attempting to dehumanise a group of people. Surely someone claiming to be a “WW2 history girl” would know better
Another acrimony loading... On the contrary, it might end well for you. Good luck
Some think is posible. Would you elaborate on it? I am on the dark on this matter.
What do you think is the “correct” way? I’m curious af to know if i say it right
just want to use this day to celebrate once again the greatest podcast of all time: S-Town
#RAW who’s ready for all the Wrestling Fun tonight?
 Hey Frank I am such a big fan of General Hospital and I’m also a fan of your writing keep up the great work oh by the way thank u for Casting  in the show he is a fantastic actor. I am looking forward to seeing him and  on the show
They don’t get it though, they think we just want their money for the heck of it
I went through a lot in the month of September and the only people that were there for me was my girlfriend and my TRUE friends.. y’all know who y’all are I love y’all so much bro.
Certainly the judgments of this Justice Department are all wise and above reproach
Enter for a chance to win a PS4, Xbox One S, Nintendo Switch or a PSVR from Greg The Gameaholic! Giveaway is open WORLDWIDE! Void where prohibited by law. Ends tonight! Enter NOW! https://www.jbhmediaone.com/gaming-console-giveaway-greg-the-gameaholic/ … #win #giveaway #contest #console #photooftheday
OKAY!! Now that's what it is lookin like RoJo is the starter in my eyes period..
Chief Keef invited me on stage and I did THE ROBOT because I don’t know how to dance lmfao Only real ones will remember
is not dissimilar from Cantor and his reflections on the Nature of the Divine as reflected in Set Theory.
Her heels look like there still on display at the shoe store
I think I have the mechanics for the College of Nightmares done. Got some polishing to do, and formatting and art which is suuuuper intimidating. But I think this is gonna be pretty terrifyingly fun!
Unbelievable. How can democrats do the exact same thing, if not more, and the one who is targeted is only the president? I guess Clintons and democratic party can get away with murder(literally). #CantSuicideUsAll #DoubleStandards
Rock the Bells is seriously still one of the most massive tunes i’ve ever heard in my life. shoutout  ily
Omg I just remembered I don't have to go to work tomorrow and I'm going to spend the whole day listening to Gideon the Ninth and finishing Link's Awakening and hopefully also do laundry
Listening to  list off the names in the pallet just took me back. I’ve been a spooky kid my whole life, I’m now a spooky woman. lol And I watched all of the movies and shows religiously. And then to hear he added my Supreme Fiona?? Thank you!
the love these guys have for Shrader is just awesome & it shows the leader & talent the guy is!
Holy fuck “believe” gets better every time. When you TRULY listen to that shit, you’re like blown tf away, maybe I’m glad it never reached mainstream success cuh it belongs only to the people who appreciated it right out the gate.
Me too. I stand with the President The Swamp is way worse than we ever knew. Thank God for Trump-Saving our country. We appreciate you #2020 Keep America Great
if they travelled willingly because they are committed to Sunni Wahhabism the state religion of Saudi Arabia the sponsor of IS Al Qaeda etc they should seek refugee status there or the UAE which shares their faith
Hahaha the pathological liar Adam Ed Buck bug eyed Schiff
I like renos because I like to see the transformation and also, you can keep as much of the character of the house as you would like
I've suffered anxiety in the past and wouldn't wish it on anyone. You've had a lot more trauma, than me, but I'm confident taking to someone will help, or atleast give you advice and techniques to minimising the affects / triggers x
If my body looked like hers i would wear shit like that all the time
He had to save tommy all the time bc he reacts off impulse.
The agreed upon notion that “men are trash” goes so much deeper than some girl complaining about her ex breaking up with her but y’all just gon keep deflecting
I would rather have Stamos then Maddon. Don't forget the Giants nearly eliminated the Cubs the year they won the world series. Maddon is a feel good manager. We had enough of that with Soc.
It was a perfect phone call a perfect conversation. If you read the transcript all the words were the best words it was perfect.
YES! #LockHimUp and put the chant “Lock Her Up” on a never ending loop! #FlynnIsATraitor
We regret all inconvenience caused, all hands are on deck to ensure supply is restored and improved. In the meantime, we appeal for your patience.
i want to speak with the ceo of naa man que grande
Rash reminds me alot of CR7 when he came in. Relied alot on flair and pace. SAF developed him the right way and paired with his work ethic he became the best. Rashford seems to have the work ethic but his development has stumbled. 3 managers in 5 years will do that.
I meant more along the lines of a tweet someone made saying “post the first four songs to let your followers decide if you have good music taste”
Wouldn't everyone like to find out that Obama was a false President and he was born outside of the united states and that doesn't me Hawaii>>>>>
promare spoilers but i love the entire scene from lio in the mountain to when he turns into a dragon....absolutely my fav scene in the entire movie-
in essence, his commitment to the Universality of such a position which he dubs as Judeo-Christian, from which we may extrapolate Normative Axioms, his Divine-as-Absolute,
the best thing for me to do now is stop watching United matches
One thing I love about this coaching search is it’s really exposing the idiots
God gives us the chance to create. Good thing God has the ability to destroy.
Can't wait to see what strong woman of color will be the lead!
What gym and what are the times? For a small monthly fee i will get myself and a few friends to follow him as he follows you and cat call him the entire time see if he likes being harassed lol
And people being tribal, not wanting to stand out, be different or be given the cold shoulder by family and friends for standing up for what they truly believe in.
the way i wanted to fight gilbert so bad during the episode but when it ended all i wanted was to hug him
Which is why Bell and Blake did not hesitate to undertake the authenticity.
I liked the proposal of the game! And looks amazing! I'm at http://atorredecontrole.com.br ( ) E-mail: imprensa.com.br
Top three Roman figure. And the Roman idol of Cicero, the most interesting Roman figure.
“he is the conclusion” ... jackson did a great job here ..
Hopefully some of these small market teams like Oakland and Tampa will begin to fade as well. Oakland can’t afford to sign big contracts so you have to wonder if they will lose guys like Chapman and Semien. That’s the team we need to pass for a wild card berth next year.
Trump: I Wikileaks&Russia, if you listening, Iyou're able to find the 30,000emails. You asked Cohen about Ms.Daniels. I'll exert Executive Privilege selectively because leaks&Classify actions with other leaders, for the same. That's why no Helsinki notes.
Be approachable energy. Become the catch, never chase.
i just archived the ig post that josiah liked that was so hard
instead of waving goodbye to their friend when they got off the bus, this person decided to bonk heads instead
I preferred the "pycology" design better, can you make mine with that typo
Lyric is still alive and happy in the end so that means I’m a great babysitter
When the time i let your words win over my Mental and rational mind. I will take this life and will remember every insult, judgements you made to me.
i really wanna save the earth and everything but i know that like all the adults in my life will try and stop me
I wanna do another meet and greet with the Jonas Brothers I already miss them so much. I’m having post concert withdrawals.
That's my knee jerk reaction, but I need 20 points and IDK if Boyd has it in him. Ross, on the other hand, has two games 20+... Gahhhh!
I am Proud to announce that I am now the newest Co-Owner of ! Contact: : JB.com
A preview of the excellent work by   and  in sharing our kidney journey. Crazy seeing how far my girl has come #ShareYourSpare
Cause tonight for the first time in history, Just about half past ten, For the first time in history, It’s gonna start raining MEN, HALLELUJAH! #itscominguprainbows #FFBE #FFBEWW #dontkidyourself #iused50tix #amen #gamers
sane sex marriage? How about crazy sex marriage. Forgive me, I truly meant to read the entire thread and not comment, But sane sex in the marriage made me laugh outloud.
NBA players post media day photos on IG like its the first day of school.
always stay to be patient and ignore negativities, don't compare the other member to anorher one,even if you have one bias as much as you love your bias love all of them eQually stay strong for our boys,hwaiting #PCas #TheConcertTour #LoveYourselfSpeakYourself
How great would that be. I bet he'd cry like the sissy he is!
I think giving the whole season to the Devils and a half season to the Phantoms is a decent sized commitment to honing my craft
Home Test for Alzheimer's - Would You Take the Test? - Alzheimers Support http://bit.ly/2qf8WE8
Let’s get behind him, give him a Chant, give him the same love we give every other player and no doubt he will give us the same love back
Goodnight my dear boy. I’ll read you story. Once upon time in a land far far far away..... the was a fortnite... f$&& this is taking too long ... go to sleep you little turd
We should be winning / dominant in our next 5 games. If we are not, and have performances like Villa (1st half) then I will criticise the players and manager. But not for tonights performance. Standard Liege H Bournemouth H Sheffield United A Vitoria H Crystal Palace H.
, if god it does! I fucking love mom, with all my heart. We got the best god damn mom in the whole damn world.
They’re so twisted with their lies. The truth is easier to manage.
Well I guess that’s the main reason why I like them would be cool if they did a black jersey with that logo
He's rising from his seat in haste, perching right in front of her on the desk. "I know, and we should have been. But, she's just curious. We have kept her rather sheltered. I'm sure, now that she's seen there's nothing special about the whole thing, she'll settle down."
I have had a great evening thanks, don't worry about not being able to chat earlier, it wasn't your fault my friend, yes you must go and eat, I will say goodnight, my cold is just the same, it's ok though, hope you have a lovely evening, thanks for chat, take care xxx
A3: I think the authenticity comes from the relevance. You can have an authentic assessment, but if it isn't relevant to students - you will not get the results to support ongoing learning. #formativechat
“If you get rid of 25% of the data, I like the numbers better.”
Rest in Pizza Now Overwatch is the only thing I have the Bnet Client for. Let's see if it lasts and they don't ka-bomb it at blizzcon this year. Also yes, I love Destiny 2, and am excited for Shadowkeep :)
villanelle......... she is the mother i never had she is the sister everybody would want she is the friend that everybody deserves i don’t know a better person
Look to the sky. See that star? Reach for it! Almost had it? Keep trying! Never give up!
Great to see #AshleyTisdale in the new show #CarolsSecondAct, even if only for a moment at the end of the first episode. More of Jenny Kenney in future episodes?
Sharing an oldie but a goodie! I hope you'll enjoy this post from the past ~ Teenagers And Tests; Getting Them https://is.gd/F2iRTk
I feel like it’s different when u got it out the MUD.
I’ve got #Nationals winning the #NLWildCard on TBS.
pls the way i can’t get over this hes literally outmodeling every single person ever someone hire him for gucci or chanel immediately
Thanks Abe. Welcome back to the deep cold winter. haha.
but YES she did it AGAIN!!! vol 1 has been something i've listened to repeatedly for the past year - honestly one of my fave bodies of work EVER - and these new songs absolutely live up to it. the wait was worth it. vol 3 plz
We had an amazing time at the  #BellflowerBlvdCarShow this past weekend! Even the rain couldn't ruin the good vibes. Check out our photo gallery from the show!
That suggests it's a line-counter device, where it synchronizes with the video card and knows exactly what pixel is being drawn at the moment it sees it light up. Neat!
I’ve gone through something similar and it sucks- hope you feel better. I guess the best thing to do is to look at the positives of where you’re at and find the things in that place that make you happy and stick to them...If you don’t mind me asking, what country did you go to?
in honor of seeing the jonas brothers in 4 days. i will not be listening to anything other than, yup you guessed it, the jonas brothers
Agreed! Now I can't watch the other clips any other way
Lmfao I randomly sing this ALL the time and nobody knows what I’m talking about.
Yes yes promise i will never never never let you down . & Ill never share the part i shared with you. Hugs you
The guy who invented ice hockey must have been like “what about hockey but wobbly?”
Q: How does the 's #EconDev team unwind when they aren't assisting #ChandlerAZ businesses or recruiting new companies? A: A good podcast! To celebrate #InternationalPodcastDay, here's what our team is currently listening to. Let us know your favorite podcast.
I choose to follow the TRUTH. I choose To Trust The Best President We Have Ever Been Blessed To Have... I Choice To Try And Help Preserve Our REPUBLIC... #WalkAway from the Democrats
Well Sippu, you gonna get beat up by the fandom today. Thoda seh lena. Still rooting for you to come thru #KahaanHumKahaanTum
Look, Into the Spiderverse has a really great soundtrack,ok?
FARE THE WELL GODDESS OF SONG JESSYE NORMAN This is a bridge too far. I’m getting drunk. I can’t imagine a world without her right the pinnacle of interpreting racist overly bombastic Wagner was this beautiful powerful Black woman AND SHES GONE #JessyeNorman
A Gini Coefficient is a statistical measurement of the inequality represented in a set of values, especially in regards to income. It is most often measured on a scale of 0.0 (perfect equality) to 1.0 (perfect inequality).
I think they’re just going extra to get the show out of there for good
We expect to win yall hope to win, it wont be b4 yall wearing the brown bags again
90 Day Fiance: The Other Way has some really awkward stories, like more than the original. It’s hard to figure out some of their motivations.
I’m sorry, I only had time to watch about 20 minutes of it. I will watch the rest tomorrow. I will chat with you after, I’m sure I will want to know what you think as well. I have been painting all the rooms in the house and redoing my kids rooms, not much free time these days.
Would be genuinely surprised if we didn't get the Catwoman set in the shop tonight, as well as an update tomorrow.
I love how Kyle Busch is getting less attention. For quiting the race early because he wasn't winning. That must be a great sporting guy
Cause all your earnings and golds are from blackout and all you do is play lowtier $10 challs, stop tryna stunt for the tl. And you don’t get off the game.
She walked with the universe on her shoulders and made it look like a pair of wings.
No matter how smart or intelligent a fighter is sometimes ego gets the better of him this has happened to the majority of fighters even Jones & Khabib who are both undefeated were caught in similar situations and almost lost their fights
Hi everybody, The latest version of RedApp 2.5.5 is now available on the Appstore. With many performance improvements and bug fixes on iOS 13. Like and share: https://lnkd.in/fHu-4a4
Whim City will be so much fun. The rest of the cast are superb, and the directors are all fired up with ideas  6-9 Nov 2019 Link in bio #whimcityimprov
My friends are pretty much making it a mission for me to stay fucked up for the rest of the month after I turn 21 on the 11th and I’m ready for it
"Wh-?" [She couldn't even finish her own question due to the sudden movement, which made her cover her face due to her redness]. [She wouldn't say 'poor', she liked physical affection].
Another conspiracy: some of the trump supporters in school are definitely wanting to relaunch habbo hotel :)
Yup, break out the tinfoil hats the lunatics are out here in droves supporting their puppet master !!!
Oh my God do I agree with you on that. The clown in the Whitehouse is way more dangerous! But oh ya The Stand was an awesome book! The only thing that I never liked about turning books into movies is Kings books are demented and really rated either R or NC 17.
Wow I just accidentally FaceTimed the group chat of 15 people I’m in all filled with older ladies and now they’re all texting asking who tried to FaceTime them
The first 20 replies read like a layup line where everyone is dunking
Would have loved to see the footage of Gabe pestering different members of the Avs staff to see samples of their handwriting
They also can't live outside the woman's body, it is human tissue in life support.
To the newbies: I don’t give out stars. I’m good for a RT tho
There are distinct advantages to the Internet along with disadvantages. Of course here we have an example of a good advantage! How do the Biden's like their "goose cooked"?
Hai kiddos, i fully support what u did for this country. But here the things, moments and momentum. Demo 2 hari lalu keren. Momentumnya dapat dan alhasil pemerintah dan dpr meneken apa yang dipinta. Yesterday was lil bit too much. D ono ga ngapa2in, d. ono cuma ngasilin keributan
Can we just list the crimes Trump *hasn’t* committed? Would that be quicker?
Cj seriously is the best guy ever. How did I get so lucky?!
Money will find a way, yes. But, I am a CPA and I guarantee the VAT is the hardest for us to weasel out of. Can’t hide consumption.
The evidence from here impeachment investigation will be quite helpful in this regard.
One more for the night... Just because I love my coworkers so much... I will be bringing in #peanutbrittle fresh from papassweetshoppe . *** please note, this will be brought to work ONLY if it survives the…
I saw this video with the background music of "Rocky" the movie and it is hilarious!
Good luck in tonight's match against the Knit So Pro HellHounds. You guys will need it.
It’s funny to see how all these ppl in the comments are professionals at the art of tackling y’all should be in the nfl
Indeed, so am I! I was actually moved by it.  and the like have a stone age warlord mentality; so, don't expect them to understand an act of kindness and humility that a strong civil leader would make.
The best thing this impeachment inquiry can do is bring down both Trump and Biden at the same time
Hello can you add me to the listI’m 21 and really love your art work
Ah I must have missed it in the midst of everything, but still! It's very good
Not just American. U should see Canadian media. Still some gems out there but the majority are liberal partisan activists who aren’t very good at hiding it. They might as well literally kiss Trudeau butt out in the open & film it. Bunch of brown-nosers 4 #BlackfaceTrudeau
Apple's ability to engage buyers with iOS 13 is particularly important in 2019. The company has seen iPhone sales slow in step with competitors across the board.
It was long understood $nflx was the pioneer and king of streaming. hulu shrugged along with $amzn. $dis $aapl start to announce and $nflx at yearly low. How much confidence do investors have holding $nflx forever.
Fox involved in a long-standing disinformation campaign. Ask yourself this simple question- is Trump trustworthy? The answer is no, all day long.
Everyone: yeah I mean we're over the hardships let's look brightly at the future 2016 armys: jungkooks BURGERS
I'm sorry to say this isn't the first time I've seen it because it's happening more and more now that young people have more respect for people than the elderly >.>
 hey can you make a device system where you can reach out of the screen lol
I been watching everybody hates Chris the past week lmao this shit so funny
that’s it. i’m dropping out of college. this is my 3rd mental breakdown of the day. all i can do at this point is laugh because of what a joke this life is.
Lmao, Trump told the press he would ask for their help . you cant be this dumb.
A reminder to   parents, grandparents, guardians, students and friends...please do not stop or park your vehicle in the bus loading zones at the front of the school, particularly in the morning prior to the 1st bell and after school.
Crabgrass seeds are dormant for a short period of time after they shed from plants. Seed germination is related to soil temperature. When the soil temperature at the surface reaches 55°F for four or five consecutive…
I love the pulling off the night mask to reveal a pair of shades. Don't watch the show so I don't know how reoccurring of a gag it is, so it caught me off-guard in the best of way.
PrimeTime JP Paraguay Sportivo Luqueno DNB or pk, -.5 12-5-3 ushes On to the next....Let's gooooooooals!
I’m laughing at all the people who think he is serious its a fucking joke
something we took for granted on tumblr was the ‘read more’ function
I would love to see how much money I've donated to  over the years. They forget at least one item everytime I go there.
"Who eats gar?!?" asks a member of the audience. It's like the Solomon-signal. #AFS149
The lines and color from last nights drawing group. This one was surprising for me, I usually like the painted version more but this time I actually prefer the ink.
In the past 3 months (July-September), I’ve completed 43 books. The first 6 months of the year, I completed 50. I’m 7 books away from completing 100 books on the year. Yeah, typing this out and it doesn’t even seem real, but it is.
I’m rooting for the bengals. Let the Steelers pick be top 5 when they traded it away.
"The empowered woman is powerful beyond measure and beautiful beyond description". -Dr. Steve Maraboli http://bit.ly/EMPOWERMENT888 #feminism #metoo
I think you are right Corbyn is the leader of the opposition and as such is at least the natural leader of this venture The fact that press and media don’t like him should not be a factor!
Shitttt I still be bumpin knew enough all the time I love that song
Nah it’s thinking the nets are gonna be good this season
Apparently we now have the American version of Stephen Walford. He's even funnier.
I’ve been so unhappy in my last relationship let somebody come around that’s worth something he gonna get the best love of his life
Ohhh huntyyyyy I don’t give a fuuuuuuck what you think about the order I read them in (which was the correct order) or that you don’t want my insight. You’ve received it. Just move on sweetie pie. He did.
a fireplace? no thanks, im a TRUE romantic. lets warm up behind the baler and listen to the cardboard crackle as it slowly expands.
Doctor Strange: Across the Universe is the best Mark Waid book I've read since Daredevil and Jesus Saiz's art is fantastic. Four out of five Eyes of Agamotto. https://dantasticcomics.blogspot.com/2019/09/doctor-strange-across-universe.html …
3 more weeks until the board exam and by far the most challenging thing I have done thus far in my preparation is lie to myself about the utility of therapeutic ultrasound
This trio will make more Suns fans this year with the excitement they will bring to the floor. Would love to have the picture so I can use it in my Suns 'ambassador' role to bring more fans like me!
He's compromised. That is clear. Either by the HAMR or by Epstein.
 You know NOTHING about North Carolina football! They are gonna beat both Techs... mark my words! They had some of their best out in the Wake & App.
Why does Twitter feel the need to keep closing accounts of those that come here to express themselves? You know, FREEDOM OF SPEECH! I see a very one sided point of view on here. You know exactly what you are doing and to whom your doing it for. You should be ashamed!
I’ll be attending the MNF game on the 28th of October. I can’t wait to see some of your work for that night game. Know you’ll be busy but would love to say hello..
Im tailing everything ofcourse, but what gives Krajinovic the clear edge over Albot today?
And the final set of butterflies for the tables!! Thrive, Hope, Love, Strength and Courage in the wings!
I really wish the book boxes gave discounts to students, btw
"We can't educate stupid" but go read the 'incomplete' transcript of the phone call WH released on Trump talk with Zelensky. It's however more than few pages long and might be too hard for the quasi literate to follow.
Nothing wrong with paying for sex if both parties are in agreement, it's the rape thing that's his problem.
He’s a very warm and caring person who just wants the goddamned facts
I know people that truly support these clowns. Let’s just call them what they are: the Nazi Youth.
#154, The Darkside Detective came today from  with a "little" bonus, the vinyl soundtrack of Snake Pass by the great  I really love vinyl soundtracks of VG. Thanks! #SwitchCorps
I just joined the Opera Mini competition for a chance to win a brand new phoneJoin me now! #IloveOperaMini http://opr.as/sama20tw
We should all strive to be a bit more like the Captain.
I'll show what the true sharpness of a blade can be!
Might work, all that sugar in the jelly. And they say the omega 3’s in nuts are good for you
In all cases, there's chances it will make 40k/AoS more popular, since marvel is pretty famous. Also GW being merged into the marvel/disney kingdom is really improbable if you ask me.
The other important part is that if we going by certain show rules saitama can solo everybody so there’s that. lol
everybodys getting cancelled but i dont have to worry about that because i wasn't relevant in the first place, im laughing!!
It's a start #Chesterfield  kicks Sen.  out of the county #party | #Virginia | http://richmond.com https://www.richmond.com/news/virginia/chesterfield-gop-kicks-sen-amanda-chase-out-of-the-county/article_3f46c82f-8f16-58a5-a13b-97b4e7e67300.html …
    Riddle me this? Why is it so challenging, even after reading an article and seeing exactly what teams the books need to win, to push that submit wager button on "bad" teams?
“To think is easy. To act is difficult. To act as one thinks is the most difficult.” ~ Johann Wolfgang Von Goeth
Steelers vs Bengals, snoozefest for draft position ,yawn, if i were the Steelers would be motivated to win since have no first round pick
But Dave his last good movie was the last one he didddddddddddd
So you’re Mother Nature. Well most men don’t know the difference between the weather and climate change apparently.
They are working very well. Do you not know what is happening with the wealth in that country drying up
Think of how difficult it is for Democrats to do their job to protect the country, and it’s difficult because Republicans are purposely interfering, think about that for a minute   would the republican party of today crucify Ronald Reagan?
“If the people making decisions are scared to answer questions about their decisions, because they are not defensible, they should not be making those decisions in the first place.” Awesome stuff, ://thefandc.radio.com/redskins-at-a-crossroads-leadership-nowhere-to-be-found …
My October wish just only u come back with strong health and strong heart. May u know, u deserve all love caux u are the BEST my Dearest Boy Kim Jungwoo. #OctoberWish
Dave Madden and  (as Gladys) at Laugh-In party. DM: What do think about the lady who posed naked on that album cover with John Lennon? RB: Yoka Ona? DM: No thanks, I just put one out.
More like he simply pays $50 to an Indian company and that's the price for 111 million.
Don’t forget that this Saturday is the #BaltimoreBuddyWalk in support of #T21 #DownSyndrome Its still not too late to donate or join our team! https://cdspg.donordrive.com/participant/Scott-Tavegia …
 Hello , I want to ask why my channel not approved for monetization. But Channel like Tup viral, The Akash Creation, LIONECK All - Top 10 Most etc. Got monetize again. All are similar category channels. Plz Do Something.
Happy New Book Day! The latest #IntergalacticDatingAgency story is here from Sue Mercury Sci-Fi Alien Romance!
Streaming With Chichuki: Mario Kart 8 Deluxe: It's That Time Again https://youtu.be/4QIhQcWIyno via  Streaming Mario Kart now. come join and suggest my racer. Join the quest for 700 subs!
I discovered the queen that is  a little later than most. However, in just about a year, she’s taught me to love myself more and be happy with where I am, not seeking anyone’s approval. Happy birthday. You deserve the best one #WhatevaWhateva
This, from someone who quite likely loves and supports the Clintons with more than 47 odd and "unexplained deaths" in their sphere. TRUTH: anonymous because the mole is a political actor.
I really want to go for my Masters but the way my undergrad loans are set up, I feel like it's impossible
“with the snap of your fingers you can make your bed” crowley teas
I’ll support an opponent of his in the Democratic primary. Max has lost my vote and my $. #OpposeRose
Im sad i think about it again... How is it so hard to only want to see the boys and show them love
DO IT FOR THE FREE COOKIES AND HOT COCOA and saving lives too
Great!! Because I Am the WHISTLE, Koo-Koo-Ka-Choo!! LUV da MIDLER!!
This also assumes vote intentions would be the same under PR. Many people only vote Liberal because they have to to 'stop another party' (one poll found about 40% of people leaning Liberal is for that reason rather than liking the party and its platform).
FOR CRYING OUT LOUD! Who's the ASSHAT JACKWAGON that labeled a AUTISTIC 5YR old a "sexual predator" for hugging one classmate and KISSING another on the cheek? #PutThatInYourPipe
I'm old enough to remember local grocery stores going from paper bags to plastic ones to "save the planet" Now..... Well, you get it lol
No. That award goes to cutie patootie Rudy. Close second. THE DONALD.
oh my lanta same... and now i’m just sitting in the bath tub haha
Misty has a reputation for being a bit on the prickly side, but when she’s in the mood she’s a very sweet cat. #turkishangoracat #turkishangoracatsofinstagram #ferociousbeauty #hangingoutwithmycat , California https://www.instagram.com/p/B3DfhqqBv-t/?igshid=8djdd0wqb5iy …
  Hi Guys. I am a 40+ year Fire Office from England. Whilst on a road trip down California I stopped by Station 2 Oceanside Fire Dept. A very big ‘Thank you’ to Captain T Chapman and his team for the very welcoming hospitality and friendliness.
Bon voyage! Put all the bad stuff to one side and enjoy yourself in Toronto, Hollstein would want that for you too
with all of this wrestling going on theres sure to be some AMAZING tweets so if you find one then just use #TipOfTheCrown and maybe that tweet will be featured as one of our Top 5 Favorite Tweets of the Week!! It is OFFICIALLY back this time!! #RAW
And if you wanna humble brag or even not so humble brag then do it!! Drop what you've been proud of lately. I'll start: I'm getting stuff together for a fundraiser I'm organizing and I'm on time for everything I need for the event
.. you been looking good the last couple times i seen you
Lmaoooo he is such a legend bro. Happy you got to experience the man
Praise ye the Lord: for it is good to sing praises unto our God; for it is pleasant; and praise is comely. (Psalm 147:1)
You can really see the difference between someone who does nice things for clout and someone who does it for the greater good.
if we don’t win tonight, i don’t even know how i’m gonna act for the rest of the season #shalieve
Granted, Tony wasn't the best with socializing normally either. He flirts and he flaunts himself, but toning it down was never an option when it came to parties or meetings. His father always made sure he set a good example for his family name and the company...so he became >>
I’m curious if the rapid increase to minimum wage in Canada over the last 5-6 years was a contributing factor. The policy makers would never admit it but having your employment costs nearly double would make it nearly impossible to make necessary adjustments to stay relevant.
My brain keeps telling me the new show I like is called .encode. tho l know it isn't
"Saying no to the father of my child who happens to be my fated mate that I love? You think I'm crazy?" Tae jokes, Jeongguk just chuckles. Tae holds Jeongguk's hands tighter "I want this too." Jeongguk leans forward and pecks on Tae's lips before pressing their foreheads together
Here lies Chloe and I will be there at like 7 you are the best
They won in 2013 when has the jags won a super bowl?
Girl I got a call like that last year and in the voicemail it said if I didn’t comply within the next hour they will send the cops to my location. Just the fact that they used the slang word, cops, had me laughing lol.
The Genius Project was AMAZING last year....We're going to push it out to all of 8th grade this year ( not just honors ) so excited!! #formativechat
I'm convinced the dumbass with 1 follower definitely is.... #KAG2020
Please make sure those kids are getting adequate supports. The weeks and months ahead will be a high risk time for them all.
lmao stupid. i don't know why the leafs' power play felt solved by the end of the season for me and i'd love to read an article that tries to explain that.
I think I laughed so hard because she clearly couldn’t handle it then decided to just take it out into the street
I'd play it right off. as long as it's not given the DOW3 treatment. I'll still forgive that game if they reuse the models, edit some skills (you cannot fucking LEAP in terminator armor) and remap things so it's more like the old DOW.
Isn’t she lovely?? Btw: “She” is a butterflied, center cut pork chop, soaked and smothered my Roja Tang marinade. The marinade recipe . It’s on poultry, fish or chilled as a salad dressing. Try…
“The mediocre teacher tells. The good teacher explains. The superior teacher demonstrates. The great teacher inspires.” - William Arthur Ward Thanks to all of the great  &  teachears & professors that have inspired me!
Just watched the documentary “Hardball, the Girls of Summer” narrated by  Quite a film, these girls are some athletes with quite a passion for the beautiful game.
I think I heard the sincerest thank you in my life from Darren. This was after hist first major solo concert in Music Museum. #ThankYouDARREN
See? You just blamed women for the shit men do to women which proves my point that men are indeed trash. Have a good day!
I’ve thought you guys were a boy band ever since I saw you with hoodie. But like, the dopest boy band
 imagine playing in the garden with all of St. John’s good recruits now. Ahhh #SJU
One of the most unsettling experiences I ever had was visiting the Empire State Building, which was built almost entirely by Irish immigrants. All through the lobby, the exhibits, the observation deck, there was zero mention of the ethnicity of those who built the place.
Obama change the policies one month before he’s out of office an EO, to let 18 foreign intelligence agency to have access to our IA, now Trump is being investigated!! You know. When God take actions all Democrats will go down like RATS in the drainage. These people are Godless!
I realize I’m behind in this, but why did I never realize Bigs wife from Sex in the City is the same actress who plays John Wicks wife
#foolat59 Is this d best we can do? You and I keep waiting for the govt. But guess what? We are d govt! We are d rulers! We gotta do sumtin
21st Annual WWBA World Championship is an invite only event with 200 plus teams on the waiting list. DBACKS LANGLEY BLAZE will feature players from BC, Ontario, Puerto Rico, Ohio, PA, Calif, Hawaii and Dominican Republic.
That's a good point. I meant just purely in terms of on court production but that Wiggins contract is UGLY lmao. And Im fully on board for the ja hype train so I'm biased there but that's not a bad point either.
Well, when you don't have facts on your side creating cooked up conspiracy theories is the only choice he has to save face amongst his most committed followers. Desperate people will always find a way to fool themselves.
I lugged water to the three rest stops yesterday but had a good ride this morning to Armonk with Bill Dennison.
Wow can’t believe people aren’t on the ginger hype train
Seeing pics of other people in other parts of the country already starting to wear sweaters and boots and cute fall outfits, meanwhile in South Carolina it was like 90+ degrees again today
this is the nicest thing anyone has ever said to me
The amount of people that have shown up to my parents house with food, gifts, and condolences has been overwhelming. Overwhelming and beautiful all at once.
Thanks for the Europe Divided coverage! Watergate is awesome. My favorite game of the year.
Apparently, you have no clue what you're talking about! Fox News is NOT the only resource, like I already told you, there are government sites, Judicial Watch, etc.
I think this is super interesting especially at UNGA and the tension between the United State and Iran https://www.nytimes.com/2019/09/30/world/middleeast/iran-trump-rouhani-call-macron.html … #UMpos120
Bronies and Pegasisters are who I represent And they call me the poetic lieutenant I write rhymes for friendship, not hate If y'all are being bothered by the prejudice, I can relate And I retaliate, by getting stronger, Trump over hate And I have one thing on my mind, have faith.
We need to get Trump out but who keeps him in control and protected is the Senate. WE MUST VOTE OUT THIS SWAMPY SENATE. #DoneWithDonnie
I saw you were in the states! I hope you enjoyed it man.
nakikiuso lng. how old were you when you.. 1. 13 2. 9 3. 13 4. 14 5. when i was born HAHAHA 6. 15 7. 13 8. 13 9. still with me 10. 15 11. 16 12. soon;) 13. 13 14. 13 15. 10 16. haven’t yet 17. 16 18. not yet Drop a emoji for the questions
Y’all I need some help on getting a boyfriend. Like some tips what do I need to do to find the right guy. Ugh this whole living without a boyfriend thing is not fun #GayBoy #NeedABoyFriend #Help #LGBTQ #TeamPete #PeteForAmerica
Please send positive vibes for no rain this weekend. I’m all for old proverbs and good luck but I would prefer not to get married in the rain....
This Is the Finest Semi-Auto Shotgun on the Market Today https://ucstrike.com/this-is-the-finest-semi-auto-shotgun-on-the-market-today/ … Key point: These powerful weapons pack a real punch. Semi-auto shotguns are the upgraded version of the pump-action shotguns we all know and love. They are prized for their quick firepower and re…
Democrats are stuck, they are the party of "change"...well when everyone is free, no one is systemically oppressed, and we mostly play by the same rules...they have nothing to change- so they gotta seem like they are doing something.
My 12 yr old caught a praying mantis and wants to bring it in the house ...
Best looking team since the 2016 Cubs. So honored and grateful to direct this latest, stirring play by  with this stunner of a cast.
It’s happening! Richelle’s having me get out all the Fall decor. One question richellegillaspiesmithee where is the cool Fall weather?
#StMichael the Archangel, pray for us and protect us!
The history of this is written in Paradise Lost, and the Governor or Reason is called Messiah.
Cmon Newt has "family values' he served his wife divorce papers in the hospital and married his intern.
most of his completions this season are in the pocket. His completion % is 64%. football IQ-he's very bright. He's trying to make a big play to much instead of throwing the ball away. He's trusting his arm strength. 15 games is all he has played.
Congratulations to the students, teachers and administrators  for your commitment to STE(A)M Education. #MDCPSSTEAMSpirit #ItTakesSTEAM
So hype to see the new wave do so well and be a part of the coming next wave
When is the comeback??????????? TXT need comeback please
I have been right with BOTH of Jackie’s children using the skills I learned in that one ultrasound class I took. I’m like 99% sure the baby is a boy. And that’s not JUST because I want a boy but looking at todays ultrasound. I’m pretty sure.
If you ever questioned the patriotism of the Democrat Party this should make your blood boil! Dems Vote To Enhance Med Care for Illegals Now, Vote Down Vets Waiting 10 Years for Same Service House Democrats . . . Read more here: https://www.westernjournal.com/dems-vote-enhance-med-care-illegals-now-vote-vets-waiting-10-years-service/ …
If you are #Baekhyun , imagine how you'd feel if just yesterday you had a rough airport day then today you see the song, you worked so hard for, was already released? Baekhyun is always there to enetertain us and make us happy. Please don't make  sad. #Jopping
GRP bypass installed for dad. I had to make sure it sounded good before I handed the keys back Yes I know my shift from 2nd to 3rd was a little off, but I think it’s okay.
Alright guys. Time to box up all of the evidence and go home. Breitbart’s readership says they’ll stand by Trump.
I've never been fond of nutritional yeast (plus, it's so expensive here!). I put paprika, red pepper flakes, and finely chopped garlic on mine. Bit of salt when they come out of the oven, and I'm happy!
"I was curious! He kicked me in the face... But it was worth it~" He giggled slightly before he sat at his own desk.
learning minecraft music on the piano. life is good.
Wow he brings on the crap his self. Teach how to not break the laws
Without the music it makes me feel something different it's kinda emotional
 you are too emotional to run the country. It's unseemly.
Sidebar.....I loves me some Libra energy, Heaven KNOWS I do. But..... I am gonna have to put a rush order request in for its end already. No offense, it's just that the hard Squares to the South Node, Saturn, and Pluto are just like....
Yes that how it works when the dems try to meddle in elections don’t you ser
Justice have not need any reasonable logic ... The fake Democrats and selected p.m are destroy economy health and education sector s .. Give respect to vote Give respect to democracy .
Elli Avram talks about her experience on playing ‘Sylvia’ in ‘The Verdict: State Vs Nanavati’ https://ucstrike.com/elli-avram-talks-about-her-experience-on-playing-sylvia-in-the-verdict-state-vs-nanavati/ … Elli Avram is currently promoting her upcoming web-series ‘The Verdict: State Vs Nanavati’. Elli is playing one of the leads in the series, named Sylvia Nanava…
people accuse the twins of dropping friends constantly and for no reason, and this video will really tell us the truth about it. if james didn’t do what jeffree said, then we’ll get a different explanation for why they stopped being friends.
You have to wonder why they waited so long to finally announce this. Maybe Toonami was trying to lobby for an exclusivity contract like with AOT, but Funimation and all parties involved ended up shoot it down. It would explain why they are taking so long to get the schedule out.
Absolutely sexy!! Is there pizza sauce on the front of your pjs!
The myth of Corbin's unelectabilty! Elected MP for decades. Elected Labour leader twice. Took Labour to highest vote share in 40 years at 2017 GE.
staying off the TL i’ve been spotted by someone too innocent for this content
Watching the power puff girls then Gumball. I couldn’t be happier
Protect the whistleblower and... #care2https://www.thepetitionsite.com/tell-a-friend/63976200 …
I would like everyone to know I get my dance moves from  in the x ANA x video!
No Matter how SMALL or BIG you are in business, always express your thanks to the person who stand with you all the time ! We are committed to take care of our employees all the time & in every situations. #EmployeeEngagement #employees #CSR #happyemployees
I thought long and hard about buying the Moonlight book this morning but came to the same conclusion of them being a bit too rich for my blood.
 I miss you guy's on the telly together. But I wish you well and hope to have a beer with you some day... mr jim Dixon.. biker builder and over all looney...
Yeah, I heard it's all heat after Season 3 Part 2. Maybe it'll win the poll, but JoJo stans are something else too
College sports have been professionalized for the longest time. This new California #SB206 law just makes it legal and levels the playing field for all parties. Now athletes can get a slice of the pie of money that used to be only for the universities. Let's stop the hypocrisy.
I Want A Boyfriend I Been Single Too Long But I’ll Wait Til The Time Is Right
Do you still have all the stuff you had before?? I want to download it again but I’m afraid I started all over lol
Lmaoooo I’m sorry but ‘Bob the builder’ attire is HILARIOUS
The hills of East LA. Def need to scoop up a property here in the future. #35mm
He stayed quiet for awhile. Before telling the truth. "I never knew the real penlope... "
I WISH THEY DID THE CARWASH SCENE THEY WANTED TO DO LOLL
technically when u hit the free weights you’re working bro bono
Oh let me know how the Platform is? I can get that near me I’m curious
It’s always good to be reminded of this after the past year. Thanks and definitely back at you.
One of those jobs hired someone two centuries earlier than my time period, so I'm glad I scraped together the scant emotional resources I had to get that application in.
I just burned my lip with a mozzarella stick. Why do the things we love most always hurt us
I’ve got #Nationals winning the #NLWildCard on TBS.
Huge shoutout to all the people I couldn't be bothered to stay in touch with
This picture is originally from Pete's Facebook and I'm pretty sure he writes about this moment in his book where he's preparing for his performance with the South Bend Orchestra. Don't  on this though
have been apart of the theater program for the past 5 years and I would like to finish off my senior year, but they will not let us produce a show without a director. I did not know how else to contact you but would you consider helping us?
Today my kids and I had a great discussion about the Algonquian language group and how things we use/do today have evolved from when they were here thousands of years ago. My kids had great things to say!! #proudteacher #accomplished #mykidsarebetterthanyours #all50ofthem!!
#Lawn Care & #Landscapers ; Is the recession hurting your business? We can help you! Free Registration & Free Membership! Launching 3/15/12
DEAL OF THE WEEK! ALL SHIFT KNOBS IN STOCK ARE 25% OFF THIS WEEK ONLY! MAKE SURE TO STOP BY TODAY AND SAVE MONEY.... ANY QUESTIONS PLEASE DM US OR GIVE US A CALL 317 787 8668 #trumotorsports #dealoftheweek #shiftknobs https://ift.tt/2n2a3dD
Would the Dems win in court without an actual House impeachment vote?
Interesting coincidence considering those two are the best QBs in the game rn
i keep putting off getting my brows done bc theyre always in a weird state of 'wtf kind of shape could someone even MAKE with these, lemme grow them out' but then i got somewhere to be, so i have to trim the bb hairs and im back to square one send help
This is the greatest shot ever made. Hats off to you
I had just played this clip for a student on Thursday. The world has lost one of our greatest artists. Thank you, we will miss you. https://youtu.be/vb_g8GXrZPc
The friendships at my new job don’t hit like it used to with my old jobs I miss my work gfs
Why is Mitch McConnell saying he would allow Senate to move forward in Impeachment hearings if it passes the House?
well, at the moment i personally am glad the House is focusing on impeaching Trump over his blackmailing Ukraine to investigate the Bidens, since the Barr/Australia/Italy stuff is just weird and confusing
Ranging from Snoop Doggy Dogg, to Michael Gorbachev, from Destiny's Child to Lil Uzi Vert , the 'Nard' has compiled a huge catalog of "video vignettes" of the 20th Century and beyond. Doot doo!
We love our donors and the continuous support that they give  and ! #BurnTheBoats #HooksUp
The fact bambam and I would be best friends and no one can convince me otherwise
Napansin ko nga sila kanina while listening to the other recs. I'll listen to them too sige. :) yeeeey thaaaanks
remember Aaron Burr was acquitted of treason and never charged with murder. 1862 is the last and only time anyone has been executed for treason against the United States. 1949 is the last time anyone was convicted of it. Need an overt act and 2 witnesses who saw that act
I am good off relationships but I’m js it would be cool to have someone w the same crackhead energy as me
Wow. This time, a year ago, I was homeless, somehow manifesting a couch to sleep on every night, constantly filled with anxiety. I didn’t have a relationship with my family so I couldn’t go to them. Today, I am enjoying the comforts of my very own one-bedroom apt.
Also those scores you submitted for Idola are absolutely ridiculous!! I played all 3 sets esterday and did pretty bad (compared to pb on songs), but looking forward to hopefully posting some better scores in the next round!
"And after eight days again his disciples were within, and Thomas with them: [then] came Jesus, the doors being shut, and stood in the midst, and said, Peace [be] unto you." ~John 20:26 #Love #Jesus #Bible
What a perfect bday present but to bring home the WNBA championship trophy. #burnitdown
LeBron James  I’m so incredibly proud to share this moment with all of you.  came to The Shop to do... https://www.wsj.com/articles/california-will-allow-college-athletes-to-earn-endorsement-money-heres-how-it-could-change-college-sports-11569855827 …
Those porn “stars” really don’t even be making much money just like women with “sugar daddies” this is all just stupidity due to the lack of strong female leadership in the world right now.
My kinda live stream ⠀⠀ I’ve been sharing some more of my May solo trip to Alaska, and it’s bringing back so many awesome memories! Like riding the  between Anchorage and Seward. ⠀⠀ One of the train employees…
14/ B1 says on their blog that this resolves all outstanding matters with the SEC, which implies the SEC doesn't have any currently-pending work on the EOS token. Nice for B1.
I’m too cheap for that I feel like it’s mostly a mental game anyway. Don’t wanna be dependent on any surrounding to get to that state. Reading The Power of Now actually which seems spot on for this idea.
ah okay I guess I’ll keep the two I have of him split and just hope people spam skills
UPDATE: you The little drawer under your oven is full of plastic bags :)
Kind of in the mood for very soft playtime session. Slow fingering, eating me out softly and maybe slow penetration. I just want to be a soft baby tonight #bdsm
I'm having the worst day ever because my dog passed but I love you so much and I wish I could hug you right now, you will be forever my Queen of Mean
I'm intrigued *just* enough for the #BirdsofPrey trailer, even though the movie won't be about the BoP. My favorite superheroine, Black Canary, is miscast. No Babs (at least, seemingly). Harley Quinn front and center. Everything about this movie is everything BoP isn't.
You know it's illegal to use the office for political advantage, right? Pretty clear cut , even while you and orange baboon try to paint a false equivalency.
I’ve been drawn to the eye of Horus lately. Mostly like wanting it around me, not sure why tho
i ain't gonna miss the 3-0 HW so unknown that even google doesn't have any info about him other than that he's probably fat
The active component of a vaccine is a virus. Viruses are too large to manufacture in test tubes. Therefore, vaccine manufacturers exploit the natural method of producing virus– they inoculate cells and the cells produce the virus for them.
It's capitalism boosted by raw sensationalism. Truth does not matter in this arena. Actually the more lies, absurdities, and utter raw viciousness the better for twitter and the like. It will only change when people's taste for it does.
Forget the competition, just focus on getting better.
I love that people truly believe Mayock has no say even after listening to what transpired at the draft with John wanting to move up for guys and Mike telling him no and holding pact on trades etc. He is the exact counter part that gruden needed
"Did you really think I wouldnt notice? You pathetic piece of meat. Maybe this time you'll learn not to touch whats mine". You see a flash of light and a shutter sound from the corner of your eye, and then the light stays on.
He Admitted today that he is trying to get the name of the whistleblower.
I thought it was the opposite. The mom didn’t let Tamron and the other two ladies talk. Personally I thought it was a good discussion. All of the ladies had strong beliefs and opinions.
senior pictures with  and  , then getting interviewed by Channel 4 about the whole experience and being a lions fan doesnt get much better than that! thank you  &  for this opportunity! will always love my lions!https://www.clickondetroit.com/news/student-from-trenton-takes-senior-pictures-with-lions-players?utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter&utm_campaign=amp_socialshare …
宇多田ヒカル、11/7横浜アリーナ公演2日目のネタバレ、セトリ、感想レポート。HIKARU UTADA LAUGHTER IN THE DARK TOUR2018。http://maeda-guitar.jp/2018/11/13/hikaru-utada-laughter-in …
Gawtzam y'all, anybody ,50 up remembers that OTHER impeachment Speak to those ones ok Just fill in the appropriate blanks #twitter #bigMedia
Care to demonstrate where the "slide" occurred? Sanders has held steady since his announcement bounce settled. Love your work, Ryan, but, with respect, your record with regard to polling analysis is pretty poor https://www.huffpost.com/entry/nate-silver-election-forecast_n_581e1c33e4b0d9ce6fbc6f7f …
The Great Kat's Godly #TOES! Photo taken 9/29/19 at CHEF GREAT KAT #MOZART CD/DVD PROMO SHOOT! Personalized Autographed 8x10 HOT KAT Glossy Color Photo  #MetalQueen #Metalhead #Shred #Legend #TheGreatKat!
Nigeria  in Sports 2018-2019 in Review Qualify for the  Hosted National Sports Festival D'Tigress had a good  World Cup outing D'Tigress won the #Afrobasket  won #Afcon2019 Bronze Hosted African Cycling Tourney
you try to you look back but a hand pins your head back in bed, you try moving your hands but you feel your wrists with something tight around them like some sort of rope as a familiar voice rings from the back of your head, with a warm breath lifting the hairs off your neck.
U.S. Attorney General held private meetings asking foreign intel services to investigate U.S. intelligence agencies, all to help Donald Trump prove Russia wasn't involved in the 2016 election. Impeachable! https://www.newsandguts.com/ag-barr-held-meetings-with-foreign-intel-officials-in-attempt-to-discredit-u-s-findings-on-2016-russian-interference/?fbclid=IwAR04Eeg1cDPATHo6jgTl6zDHtY2gaZot1R2wXJZ_0A6H0CwEf5yWc0HNMxM …
Ur right his comp % before this game wasnt between 65-70 .. oh wait it was, but but but that doesnt fit what i wanna talk about.. good luck tonight against the Browns
he’s SO ripped. Enjoy the marshmellows big guy, you’ve earned them.
I got so hype bc I just posted a thread about wanting to learn more about the intersections of indigenousness and disability and I thought you were answering that lmao. Not that this isn’t cool too!!
If she gets acquitted, that means the judge and the jury bought into her crocodile tears. Really! Stand your ground in his home and space. Unbelievable!
Single for the holidays, at least I have my son to take cute pictures with
I have no idea to be very honest. All I know is my stream for today is just gone. The archive for today’s stream is completely vanished so my 4 hour of my time is pretty much wasted.
Impressive support. Reminds me of the kind of numbers #Kim Jong-un and Saddam Hussein got.
& im fucking tired of their anime shit. like honest to god, idc what u do with ur free time but like that shit makes me want to quit on the stop even tho i love my job
first up is a tribute to one of my favorite things in the "world": the antarctica mandala. military secrets, flying discs, pyramids, strange science, and more. its all here. between you and i this is a sigil. i have long dreamt of this shirt, and now i own it. how blessed is that
Attorney General William Barr  is colluding with  in attempting to discredit the intelligence agencies and Mueller on Russia’s interference of the US elections.
With my health I deserve the best anything low will be thrown out and forgotten.
Oh, another one of these Warren trolling accounts. Sowing discontent looks mighty trolly on you. Warren/Harris or Harris /Warren for the win
 It was great to meet you tonight! I will be on the lookout for future events
For that reason tell a friend to tell a friend. #VOTEMercyto32052 is the password. Pls #BBNaija
I had times where going to the mailbox dressed at night or standing on the deck at night were my successful steps. Most of us cannot see the end of the journey clearly. But we know we must take steps at our own pace. And that our happiness lay in being happy moving, not still.
the most beautiful and peaceful place in this world
*JOB AVAILABLE* (no pay) Looking to recruit a Brittany to complete our glee tribute band ‘The Unholy Trinity from the hit TV series Glee. Quinn and Santana roles have been filled. MUST know the ‘say a little prayer dance’, DM for audition info. (I’m joking..unless..haha)
Thinking a lot of family that went to #ResidentialSchools today. My grandma went to Pelican Lake and made it out broken but alive. Two of my partner’s great-uncles tried to run away and their bodies were never found. They’re on the list released today. #OrangeShirtDay
Contribution to charities has fallen in general, due to the last Republican tax cut. Now, tax deductions for charity donations are harder to deduct. Meanwhile, deductions for Billionaires have been increased. Now we have to borrow money to run our country
Foney Bone. (“Bone” by Jeff Smith) He’s greedy, conniving, and underhanded, but he’s got a mind like a steel trap. Tell him there’s a missing billionaire, and he’ll trip over himself to find him and get the presumed reward.
Instinctively she tilted her head to the side in order to deepen the kiss, letting out a soft hum as he pulled back from it. “Then just say it. You love when I sit on your lap...” She smirked, clearly teasing him.
What Does It Look Like to Follow God, No Matter the Cost? - Topical Studies https://www.biblestudytools.com/bible-study/topical-studies/what-does-it-look-like-to-follow-god-no-matter-the-cost.html …
Eyes up Guardians! I've got your back if you need a hand! Looking to meet new people and share the game I love with more as well. See you there. "We were all Kinderguardians once."  Great job!
Hi Kevin also thanks other building Service manager from another school to come help to clean the school to be ready for student and staff
haha I literally thought of that song the minute a read no mercy, clicked the link and.... dig dig diggity dog
Well Tamara you have a big mouth you do stir the pot you just can’t keep your big mouth shut and Shannon is a drama queen always crying and Kelly is just like you. You all need to
I’ve got #Nationals winning the #NLWildCard on TBS.
Oh my god its the protag from that fucking game toby fox did music for. What
What crimes? That the CIA and FBI targeted trump to undermine him but then, within the framework of this secret plot, waited until after he was elected to reveal their investigation? Right. Didn’t the GOP used to like law enforcement?
I haven’t been this excited for the nba to start in so long
Why can't they just sit in the cockpit like normal people
Need a ride ? Download #GETT and earn £15 total towards your next 5 rides with the code "MNFST" #Gett Hurry up and join MNFST’s new campaign to earn for your next ride. Download MNFST and start earning today
Gotta start somewhere. I'm glad you and the family are on board.
You deserve the best http://sunklub.com/2019/09/30/you-deserve-the-best/ …
We don’t move enough, the players don’t move enough to enable us to play out the back. You’re lucky to have 1 simple option on at anytime whilst playing out the back
Somethings are timeless when u love it as much today as u did the first time
I'm happy to say dickheads shouldn't have guns. Most people shouldn't. Might be too late for the US.
idk if i never upgraded again i’d be content but i also love the camera
THE PARTY IS BEGINING JOIN IT NOW https://discord.gg/7RpaSHs
Conflicted on this one. I really want to give this a good review d/t subject matter. While I read it easily and wanted to see how it ended, I also felt that it glossed over a lot of things, which is the author’s right. It just felt like it was missing key things. 3.5/5
I don't know how many people follow German Bundesliga football, but it's kind of sad watching a team like Hannover 96 plummeting like they are near the bottom of 2.Bundesliga. they are a club with over 120 years of history, and over 1000 Top Flight matches played.
I see folks getting their NCAA coins...All I know is the NCAA better run my money by this week
I’d drop all my hoes like flags in fourth quarter for the right one.
SculpSure is the best option for removing stubborn fat because once it melts away, it won't come back! Yes, you read that right, it's gone for good. However we recommend maintaining your weight and results through a healthy lifestyle.
It's trash.. His last song that really got me was Fever. The rest are either just OK or trash.
Me and Julian are really enjoying his ELA assignment. Poetry and music are both in our hearts! Finding lyrics and understanding the stanzas and meaning. #stallionready
6. Karin Asaka - Starlight The begone thot song of the whole album, portrayed by a bootleg Kanade Hayami from Idolmaster. Overall, the song is a decent dance number, and watching other girls dance to this on SIFAS makes them look so good.
Forbes: Global Warming to Blame But Definitely Not Linked to Early Snow in the Rockies https://wattsupwiththat.com/2019/09/30/forbes-global-warming-to-blame-but-definitely-not-linked-to-record-cold-and-snow-in-the-rockies/ … #MAGA #TRUMP
I used to hate public speaking when I was younger, but mostly thanks to teaching I’ve gotten really good about speaking off the cuff with few or no notes prepared
I work with students and hairspray gets sprayed all over the place including the floor. Not a big fan...this is a bit more in control. The big problem I have is that the kids put down too much glue and we end up about 1/16" thicker build plate within a couple days :)
The silent majority is with you the few know how to make enough noise to distract and make people think there is a lot of them. But GOD is the one who puts people in power and removes them and you were set up for a reason and that can not be completed in 1 term so relax Sir.
Dude you've got to be kidding. You mean the  just sat on their swollen prostates watching the Mueller investigation happen, but now think it's appropriate for Barr to play games.
Class action lawsuits are such a joke. Attorneys collect multimillion dollar paychecks while the people actually impacted by the situation collect a whopping $1.15
It’s was a sentence to Segway between her opening paragraph and paragraphs outlining the negatives of the foster care system
Well.. i personally think you two are the best anyway...
lmao my roommate and i were doing our nails and keep in mind she’s half asian and the spotify ad talks about kpop and she goes did you ever get into kpop i’m like....i’m into kpop rn
Find out what surprises there will be tonight when the #SeasonPremiere of #WWE #Raw airs live from the #TalkingStickResortArena in #Phoenix, #Arizona!
More thoughts: FB is trash. | Literally Boomerbook or F*gbook kayakbook. Shit makes me feel like I'm wearing a cardigan in a GAP outlet or some shit being on there. | The good guys really, really are gonna win. | Wanna meet   someday.
Club promotes friendship and social acceptance through anime bonding - The Post http://bit.ly/2nZOtX9 #anime
I never watched Thirtysomething or The Big Chill, but I am glad I'm watching .
Tweek: The President! He tweeted about me! Why would he do that?! Did you see that?! Craig: Yes, I did see that, so I went and got you something to make things better. Tweek: Wwwhat? Craig: It's a fidget spinner. It's supposed to help with anxiety. [spins it on his finger] See?
With the mess you've already made out of yourself, and the countless times you've edged yourself at this point, every inch of your skin twitches at the slightest touch. You start feeling yourself inside out. Wishing your hands were his but you wont admit it, no. You dont need him
Dude. Your a Christian. You know as well as any1 you have to make the best of perceived negativity
Hey look! Yelich won the batting title. Guess that answered your question.
There is none. But counterpoint - my wife is a dermatology PA and our friend texts with all sorts of rashes and my wife will diagnose to which the friend says “no our pediatrician says [something else]. So our loved ones can get tired of being a WebMd extension.
Don't die just yet watch the new stages 1st kekekekke
Very successful day in the average haters face of what I can do!!
Love that those hats are all like automotive/innuendo themed, except "hard and long" like they just ran out of creative energy, but still had a 10 hat minimum. If there were any more, the next would just say "penis" Kinda want that selfie skeleton though...
I wonder if the Dems think they can get rid of Trump, make Pence Prez and Hillz will run against him and win. That sounds like something they would do.
Who ever finds out.. ends up like Ben in the Midnight facility
MMT + the legally constructed view of the private sector really have the definitive answer for why it’s legitimate to raise taxes on the wealthy just because they’re wealthy: ultimately, the government gave them the money in the first place. It has every right to take it away.
I some how got finessed into giving away my favorite hoody before the season really started... Help me
“If you look at other men with common curiosity and pleasure, break out of this tiny theater in which your own little plot is always played, you will find yourself under a freer sky, in a street full of splendid strangers.” – G. K. Chesterton – The Editors
They are all winners . I pray mercy ends up as the official winner though
Just played a game in the WNBA on 2k feel like Jawana man
Proud, Proud, Proud of our girl, Mel! Sky’s the limit for her! She was honored as a recipient of the Lutzie Foundation PFL Scholarship! Hear/read how it’s impacted her !
2.17% Breitbart readers voted against you. thats the only surprising thing about this
 how can you expect anyone to take you seriously Have a look on  at last nights  and then have a long hard look in the mirror and ask yourself if you are proud of what you see
The beauty and emotion this song holds .... welldone Kim Jongdae #YesWeShallCHEN #ShallWeMVOutNow #CHEN ://youtu.be/AO1OqWwKj1A
Get paid, pay bills, go back to being under $100 all in the same day. I love it.
the end result is bizarre and a creation that is entirely stripped from its greater context. he is likely oblivious to how ridiculous he actually looks, as he is so single-mindedly focused on being good at not just rapping, but embodying the archetype of a rapper itself
Congressman Keith Rothfus continues to the world. ?LIBYA?SYRIA?IRAN?IRAQ?ASIA PIVOT?RUSSIAN RESET?BENGHAZI… Hillary in Alabama. What does save the United States should be interviewed on Iraq? I said
PLEASE the funniest thing is that he would randomly throw around “im not alive” or “im dead” and gansey’s just like “haha teenage angst amirite”
*currently having vietnam flashbacks to the last time I played uno*
I’m sure Nike could do an awesome version of this Bengals uni! I’d really like to see what a brand new modern helmet would look like if the Bengals one day decided to try this look out!
Agreed. He was such a good receiver while he was there.. but if I were to put a wr on the list my votes going to mike Williams..
(itchy and scratchy fan voice) in ep 78 you said the racing wheel was $700,
Welp. There it is folks. Impeachment is officially out the door. Breitbart says so what a joke
⠀⠀ ⠀⠀ ⠀⠀ ⠀⠀ Cue a wide grin coming to Yang ' s face as she gave the pajamas to Wiess . ⠀⠀〃 Deal ! 〃 ⠀⠀ ⠀⠀ ⠀⠀
Speaking as a 25 year old robust man with the body of Adonis I totally get what you're saying.
Yeah, well I guess it also depends on what you do outside of music and how you present yourself off the stage. Also, probs don't help you black so people gonna assume your name is actually that.
Sorry. This explains a lot about your tweets. I like a lot of what he has to say about current events; but Prophecy?! You need to study your Bible. And not just the red letters! (Gal 1:1-9)
Love Stardew; I'm waiting for them to update the console version, lol Oh gosh, no I usually pick one at the last moment. Do you know what you're gonna pick?
And that is legal, the Clinton foundation was not involved in the Clinton campaign
 what's your thoughts on this? College athletes in California could be allowed to strike their own endorsement deals and hire agents under a bill signed into law by Gov. Gavin Newsom. The measure is scheduled to take effect in 2023.
I didn't know she was suing forever 21 but I do know that she didn't steal the look from a drag queen. You can look back to her previous tour outfits, she's been wearing styles like this since day 1.
i had no intention to win i wanted to be the clown of the competition so
Yes. The same thing happens with the most rabid anti-gay zealots.
its not working when im at the press start screen it plays the sound but doesn't take me to the main menu.
OMGGG DIYA DONT U DARE BE THE CAUSE OF MY GAY AWAKENING... oofff cuteeeee ly babe
True, but you can’t deny, there used to be solidarity around it. A want for debate and challenging topics. A want to disprove cultural and scientific mainstream narratives. That interest no longer exists amongst the “ranks”.
the way i was clowned but     you should complete the mutual, please?
Me two years ago. Now, here I am dedicating all of my free time to the boys of  HAHA For the love P.S. Di naman “all” talaga kasi I still have adulting #SB19
I flew cargo airplanes a bit, but I love helicopters especially construction, field and firefighting. Money’s great and you really get to work with the machine. No good for family. I left flying until all the kids got through college.
Animal sacrifices are mostly a part of the Shakt traditions. Looks like a a lot brainwashed slaves roaming about who know nothing of tradition. And as far as judiciary goes, their self-righteousness needs to be dismantled.
Everything started on a Friday. I tagged his sister in a post on fb and said his name in the comments like I gotta show him this when I get off. He had already stopped responding to my messages that day
Right, because the safety of America is riding on a Ukrainian prosecutor looking into Burisma…. Right https://www.scribd.com/document/427618359/Shokin-Statement … Have a gander at that document from Shokin
Well, we are starting to get some of Trump's former Government Appointees speak out against what he is trying to put out as a defense. Trumpets, you better deleting your argument supporting your god Don "The Russian Con" Trump! Too many former Government Appointees
This is the most amazing and well thought out answer lol
Table game been not quite a year. Stream game since...... April? 14 episodes, 1 every fornight, had to miss a couple cos of reasons..... Think the maths adds up just haha.
You're right. Conservatives don't care about kids - they dock their wages, they raise tution, they crowd classrooms, they laugh at them when they ask for climate action, and they out gay kids. The largest group of Albertans affected by Kenney are our children. #ableb
I don’t want a average QB yes TT didn’t have InTs but if the team was down we where not coming back in that game to win
It IS possible, as a Democrat, to like one particular candidate without trashing the other candidates. #VoteBlueNoMatterWho
 I know it's busy release season now but I was wondering if there is a Code Vein review in the pipe? Would love to get your updated thoughts since the stream last week.
This should really help Women's sports. They don't have as many prospects after college to go pro. This would give them the ability to make money while they can. Not to mention women sports could get a huge jump if people could see more women in sports represented
.  gave a few lucky fans the chance to see a sneak peek of his Las Vegas residency that begins in January 2020. Check out the video of the rocker rehearsing bits of  classics! #DavidLeeRothRockLasVegas http://ihe.art/tYvUcsO
What's the first thing that pops to your mind when you see a fine girl ?
Thank you so much  for signing the  open letter. Your support is greatly appreciated.
My brother asked me who I liked listening to on the radio & I told him that I don't listen to the radio. Can you believe listening to an ipod is now archaic?!? #TheSimpsons #BartSimpson #IPod #Music
Why do you insist on fighting me on Twitter all of the time. I'm just a lil baby doing my best out here
What a great podcast! Thanks John Dee & . And thank you Mark Toro North American Properties for emphasizing how COMMUNITY is what makes mixed use, and so many businesses, successful. And COMMUNITY building starts BEFORE the buildings! No m…https://lnkd.in/g_5bs3F
Yeah, and the overflow crowds of 10-Thousands will just take those two seats that you didn't fill.....no one will even notice!!
I thought Fulmer was the hero who rides in on a red forklift at the end and restores order. Maybe not.
Newton passed up a chance to buy prized woodland. Now the mayor is starting a legal fight with Boston College to seize it. http://bos.gl/Io68Ym7
The lunatics on here saying. Guns don't kill people, people kill people should be all in for S. Korea and Iran having nukes cuz nukes don't kill people...
I’ve always argued that Twitter is the best positioned to be a platform for something like that. It has the distribution and, arguably, the way to personalize.
I agree, it’s easier to take his position though, and say he was wrong if it comes to that and still win. Many of the media are doing this, and will converge by the end of the season and all will be right in the world. Like last year, rinse and repeat.
Whoa. Hello India. That’s how international trade works. Eventually people everywhere want the same things.
We have released Version 1.6.6 of the #WordPress StartUp Theme! Update your theme version today! #wp #theme #update Changelog: * Fixed default logo image path * Fixed font option sanitization * OBW style and JS updates
Obama’s Islamist Cabal, Brotherhood of Muslims, could protect his information, But President Trump Can’t. This is called hypocrisy. First of All, THE CIA WAS CREATED TO INVESTIGATE FOREIGN MATTERS, not to SPY ON PRESIDENT TRUMP INSIDE THE WHITE HOUSE! DEMOCRATS WANT TO...
Notice democrats never mention exactly how they expect to pay for their socialist pipe dream, other than taxing the rich? I believe if they ever gain power, more money will be spent on extermination camps than on social programs. Remember, they are the party of enslavement.
thinkin about the blunt im gonna roll when I come home like
Please share this far& wide, in fact pin it so you can share it daily to those who may have missed it! For Scots who stupidly believe the pretendy 'Scottish' media lies, talk up our NHS, not talk it down, one day you may be thankful tht our grt ScotNHS https://talkingupscotlandtwo.com/2019/09/30/evidence-for-this-fine-graphic-going-viral/ …
jaden wuz like omg wonder violet but replace the names with tyrus and i was like omg.... kinda snapped... but then i remembered they have s*x in wonder violet n i was like NOOOO TAKE IT BACK TAKE IT BACK!!!!! and jaden took it back. so how r u
XXX is an interesting enigma. Obviously he was a flawed individual and his critics point out the domestic violence allegations. I can’t atest to the validity of those accusations cause I honestly don’t know but it brings an interesting question, is there room for forgiveness 4 DV
Hey Kane I was at your concert last night and you were very amazing you mean the world to me your constantly on my tv thank you for waving at me last night it meant a lot to me
Except wouldn't Biden be more notably known as the ex Vice President? I mean we don't normally refer to him as Former Senator Joe Biden. It's Former Vice President Joe Biden....You are watching a movie....Thanks Rudy :)
-Dramatic hand wave- I shall work my way from Ragdonalds and one day I shall acquire A spot of bussiness that lets me conquer the world!!!
So that Midori-kun shall no longer feel the need to say things such as "I am depressed" or "I want to die" ever again... I shall become stronger and protect this peace.
See the funny thing Tonto Dikeh did for her son's cultural day https://ift.tt/2ngg3iN
Truly amazing to see how far policymakers have come on the need for high-quality prison #highered programs -- and how quickly things can change.
Ok , if your milk looks like the stuff Luke squeezed out of that alien tiddy ima have to side with  on this.
Love the new signage  – at Robert Boeckman Middle School
In matters of the heart, there is the lover and the beloved .
The only thing that seems kinda whack about relationships is partying and nightlife. Lmfao that actually sounds like a nightmare
You ever be so pissed ? & All you could do is be calm and just laugh at the fuckery .. no reaction just laugh
We probably will get some content from the after party and Justin, Hailey, and their friends and family will probably post pictures from the wedding within the next few days
 thank you for getting the word out and specifying that these are thc related carts and has nothing to do with traditional non-black market e-liquid proven time be 95% less harmful than traditional tobacco
I get a laugh out of other teams fan bases saying how Oct will take years off their lives/give them heart attacks. Y’all haven’t lived until you win game 7 of the WS on the road, after a rain delay & after having gave up a perfectly placed HR down the line to tie it in the 8th.
we can't even handle the truth no more+ only option is to live in a fantasy land in your head, view the world through rosy coloured glasses because reality is too crazy to absorb+handle+crazy enough: ALL we have left is NITTO (IF we ever win 1) otherwise that's schitt too
Thanks for the dialogue man! Should be an example for others how you can highly disagree with someone and discuss it without name calling or getting personal. Have a good one
Picks Hillary as VP, resigns. Order is restored to the universe.
They said they are winning the league this season. Its like they are winning relegation instead. Fighting for that last spot with Watford
I hold hands with my brother and hugging them too but not too the extent like malu2 and suap2 like couple eww that’s gross. The fact that he put the song and the way he record it
What  is doing with the DCTV universe is amazing. Russo-brother level work on the small screen.
I used to feel the same way but for the last two years I have used it every single time I search and replace now so I’ve gotten a little better at it.
But is  createElement monomorphic? Based on my understanding, it is not because the props shape is almost different for every element, so it means there's room to optimise?
.. scientist in Antarctica, another in Europe at the EU doing hybridization of our plants, and we never hear of them. But we should. 6. In-depth investigative pieces on the successes and failures of Government projects. The sugar industry. EMICOL. Inter island shipping. Roads..
You might want to read the ACTUAL report. It doesn’t say that and the numbers are quite different.
Progressive camp: Woke, privilege, oppression. Contemplative camp: Consciousness, illusion, the self, free-will, THIS podcast, psychedelics. Camping camp: campground, camping gear, camp, campsite, camp
Congratulations man! Definitely enjoyed competing with you over the years
One thing is for certain the second part of the word suits you perfectly!
Our literary magazine, Goulash, is accepting submission of written or visual expression for its Fall 2019 issue. Join our Google Classroom to submit your work. Submissions are due to the Classroom by October 15th. See Ms. Paliatka with questions.
A show-off reads your fortune. Search the castles in the sky for a trap if you desire to be creative.
In a way, the rate is irrelevant if it’s something both parties agreed to beforehand and the brief and word count haven’t changed.
 I just want the world to have peace let’s start with the USA first cmon.
I will get to work on my actions and help people and the world
EPFC honors those that suffered under the residential school system. We must also remember those that died under #CAScare like Katelynn Sampson. 173 recommendations came out of her inquiry years ago and we are still waiting for  to make the changes happen #putkidsfirst
Hopefully ur referring to a different  than the perpetually red-cheeked, greasy hair, conspiracy theorist, creepy guy who basically started the National Enquirer - sorry.....Breitbart. Because THAT Steve Bannon is just plain creepy. And weird. Really weird. #maga
Oops I accidentally clicked the wrong one and can’t undo it.
What is that famous quote I’m searching for here? Oh ya Cry Havoc and Let Slip The Dogs of War.
Then do your own homework, does not make the information any less factual. Source bashing is lazy.
[Liza Minnelli sobbing in the distance, surrounded by the sounds of war]
Channing Smith, 16, died by suicide last week in Coffee County. His family believes homophobic bullying contributed to his death.  tackles how a small Tennessee town is handling the tragedy. https://www.tennessean.com/story/news/local/2019/09/30/justice-for-channing-smith-suicide-manchester-tennessee/3821835002/ … via
Well PS3 only took a hit because they insisted on sticking a BR player; which bumped up the price and shook people away but at the same time also got people sucked in (cause it was an expensive system but a cheap blu ray player) so x360 took advantage there PS should lead again
Always loved the beard, despite not loving them in general, but damn if that isn't an amazing AFTER. What a great face you've been hiding under there.
Lasting Moments: The heartbreaking reality of childhood dementia https://youtu.be/zIyqyq-iijA via
A Trump appointee just thoroughly demolished the right wing’s new whistleblower conspiracy theory https://www.alternet.org/2019/09/a-trump-appointee-just-thoroughly-demolished-the-right-wings-new-whistleblower-conspiracy-theory/#.XZKVV4HrJaQ.twitter …
Not just used for buying weapons! That money is also used to buy up American corporations to take over the control of assets and technologies.....
1/2 We truly hate to hear of your run in with fraud. We know that's never a comfortable experience and we apologize for any inconvenience or frustration this has caused. It's never a great feeling seeing unauthorized activity and we totally understand that waiting for the claim
If you think that racism isn’t a problem still in America, you are sadly mistaken (and most likely white). No info drop on this tweet, just encouraging people to please educate yourself on the systemic racial disparities in our country.
Ah my apologies oh shady one I'm still a nightstalker main at heart, can never escape the void
Senate Republicans be warned you will pay a price if you comply with the house impeachment witch Hunt. Tens of millions of trump supporters will punish you politically!
Nah. This will be my first time seeing Gibbs. He done a boiler room the other day tho. Saw pics. It looked live still.
So  needs to keep it together now cause the troll war has started.
Had to weigh my options and it was not the time lol
They’d give Atlanta a run for worst logo in the league
Lambie your absolutely disgusting what about Australians rights to be safe that's why they are character tests, Why do the greens & ALP insist on opening our borders up to anyone NDIS there are Aussie that can't get it yet your worried about NZ https://www.stuff.co.nz/national/politics/116222425/aussie-politician-fights-for-kiwi-rights-in-the-lucky-country …
Both teams come up empty on their first possession in overtime! We head to a 2nd OT. Knights offense to start with the ball.
This video teaches beginners how to indicate future tense with words such as 去(qu) and 会(hui). More videos available on the channel looking at past and present tenses: https://youtu.be/G0xYGSPcUW8
I’m losing my mind over the fact it’s the 1st of October
Hearing the consultants on  w/  focusing on the #UkraineScandal I'm reminded of what #RobertMueller warned Congress that there could be greater interference by foreign entities. His prognosticating turned out to be some kind of accidental omen.
Caterpillar meets changing needs with underground truck: Caterpillar has released the AD45 mining truck for underground hard rock mining, which is available in configurations to meet the strictest emissions standards. Australian Mining. https://www.australianmining.com.au/news/caterpillar-meets-changing-needs-with-underground-truck/?utm_source=dlvr.it&utm_medium=twitter …
When your body is found floating in the Chestnut Hill Reservoir after a long day of tailgating, we will all be saddened by the loss of your on-campus parking space.
I bet you follow the $& it leads to ,  &  Keep the pressure on them,  These 3 clowns are feeling the pressure.
I am the biggest pussy in the entire world i talk like im hot shit then the second i see a bug in my room i scream at the top of my lungs and run out and refuse to go back in till someone else kills it
Maybe Royal lythem was the same and they weren't expecting that win from him
All of them. The answer is all the piles of shit to prove what an unmitigated disaster this has been
Reminder: Dear  there are some Baloch students who are missing for years, bearing inhuman tortures in Pakistani torture cells, please don’t forget them, they were the students from different colleges & universities in Pakistan.
Wey cuando estén con alguien aprovechen: si están bailando disfruten y háganlo chido, si están romanceando sin pena a los demás, nunca nunca sabemos when it's gonna be the last y por andar de pendejos por el que dirán, dejaron pasar un MOMENTO BONITO Y CHINGÓN CON ALGUIEN COOL
Newt Gingrich... the only guy more corrupt, untruthful and unfaithful than  and  ! Yeah, no thanks for you expert opinions we already have enough Republican liars involved. #ImpeachmentNow #TrumpIsADisgrace #CountryOverParty
Ten Melbourne coffees you didn't know existed. Number one, the Salted Caramel Coffee Bubble Cup from  #InternationalCoffeeDay
Will American citizens ever know the abuse they and citizens of the world have been subjected to in order for an agency gone rogue to push and protect its agenda?
As many of today’s major states have been founded on the rubbles of native inhabitants, or grew on colonization money, or prospered by slavery, these atrocities were intentional. However, #JamalKhashoggi’s murder was not intentional and perpetrators will hear their sentences.
Real question, why does this offend anyone ? I never see working women get offended by being called a square or being told they fuck for free. If you are a prostitute, why not own it? *speaking in general* Normalizing sex work only makes the price go down...
Hitler was a dictator,,, Donald J Trump is the Potus The is no comparisons
So it looks like George Clooney and Barack Obama decided to take a little boat ride. What is going on here? Why is this little child shoved down under the boat? Where is this child’s parents? Obama looks like the look out while Clooney is zipping up his fly?? Sick fucks
stolen from the tl drop your five most recent emojis and let your followers decide if you’re a top, bottom or switch:
McCallie coach Ralph Potter on the hit to 's knee - "I've never seen anything that blatant in 35 years of coaching. It's shocking and sad." #bestofpreps
I certainly do not subscribe to being a freak of nature quite the reverse
And that's why you screen shot the tweet so they can't delete or remove it when they block you. Nice job,
Idk, if I were running for potus and my country’s IC worked with allies to send fake Russians into my campaign and then sent spies in to pull out that supposed damaging info I might want to get to the bottom of it but I’m just spitballing here.
Why these hoes hate ya guts, cause you the baddest in the city
One of these things is not like the other (hint: check Wisconsin)
Maybe if you don’t swing your stick like a baseball bat you won’t ‘accidentally’ hit a linesman. Deserves to be ejected. You’re silly if you think this is the linesman fault.
Commies can go to Fing Hell as far as I am concerned! They hate everything about the USA!
bitches flexing cash 24/7 but asking for rides to work on the tl... uhhh
what the hell is wrong with people. y’all are fucking insane. can y’all please give him some breathing room. this is terrifying
It appears he’s the one who can’t take valid criticism. He provided zero proof that anyone “attacked” him. Every response to him that I saw directed to him was made in good faith and valid criticism isn’t attacking, even when it’s done by a lot of people at once.
GOOD FOR HIM.... TJE DNC IS SO STEPPED IN CORRUPTION NOW, MERELY INVESTIGATING CORRUPTION APPEARS ILLEGAL TO THEM. THIS IS WHY THE FAKE “WHISTLEBLOWER” REPORT CAME OUT... TRYING TO STOP THIS BEFORE THEY’RE BUSTED!
I have a push mower, so mowing over leaves isn't recommended(dulls the blades I think). I often wish I had a giant leaf vacuum to suck up the piles though; kinda like an ork shokk attack gun but in reverse.
The way HyeJin nonna hits Kyu's head softly bc he lost ,so cute):
Hearing that the baby is related to Michael through delusion will never not make me laugh.
The biggest communication problem is we don’t listen to understand, we listen to reply.
No Backstop means no future UK-USA trade deal. No Backstop means an inevitable border poll. No Backstop means certain pariah status for the UK. No Backstop means no trade deal with the EU. No Backstop means unmanaged decimation for the UK economy.
Democracy comes with a citizens' Bill of Rights, even though ours remains largely undeclared. But I call on every smart thinking person to study the Constitution of Nigeria, so at least you know what Ur rights are; what you can do and what you may be forbidden to do. #NigeriaAt59
Americans are sickened by the quid pro quo with ruble infested NRA and Trump. https://www.nytimes.com/2019/09/27/us/politics/trump-lapierre-nra-impeachment.html …
Btw for my int'l friends: Yes, a lot of religious Indonesians, especially from the majority, don't believe in marital rape. And yes, I'm ashamed. Now you know why I always said that I'm from Bali (contributing to the common misperception that Bali is a separate country lol).
Such a shame these Dems aren’t doing the jobs that they were elected to do...nothing new for them....lazy bastards...all of them.....
Museums prepare for the worst http://dlvr.it/RFDRTF
The police and naacp took its very seriously and was pushing for a hate crime.
dude playing the victim so hard rn. I should’ve smacked you harder
Ra-ra-rainbow socks are eeeevil. They-they threaten the ba-ba-balance of the sock colors!
But we also need to make changes to thing like the hectic work hours &stress that put them under time pressure, & the situations that lead them to living in insecure or tiny housing where food prep options are limited. & fix places were fast food is more accessible than groceries
Remember to get regular melanoma checks, babes! Esp. for us in Australia. The Sun is still our friend, but we have betrayed the sky, so she cannot warm us without putting us at risk. Get checked, stay safe, and be healthy!
Damn Dude, forgot you were still in the game?! You doing okay?
 Bc at the end of the day he’s a child and even if he’s calm he will make noise. Yeah I will be considerate but to go as far to say I shouldn’t take my kid out? Hahaa no way in hell. She can kiss my ass.
Her tweets and the tweets of her followers dismissing her actions because she "had a bad week" speaks volumes. Her tough times are not excuses for racism & her "sharp" tongue is not witty like she believes it to be.
a year later I finally cracked one of the three toes I broke got damn
Hate speech isn't protected by #1A and assault rifles aren't guaranteed by #2A. Which US fascists fight at every turn. The country is headed backwards. #FreeTheBear
What amazes me is democrats think they can cancel an election they didn't like, get their people into power, and the country will just come together and sing kumbaya No, fuck that
She needs to read up on Syria. Refugees aren’t fleeing to Canada, etc. for the hell of it.
God my appointment early tomorrow morning cause this fasting throughout the night shit finna kill me
Try to steal my thunder, do you? Well, you can't. I posted a few days ago, that there is no human whistleblower. My hypothesis is, Schiff et al. manufactured the whisleblower's report. If a human whistleblower testifies, and I am proven incorrect, I'll admit I was incorrect.
The first half recounts Zodiark being possessed and killing people he cared about against his will. It shakes him so kuch he begins to doubt his very being.
ok but remember when they were uncancelling her at the beginning of the year and sally walker charted? the next single couldve charted too but then iggy tweeted thst she had the 2 highest viewed solo female rap music videos if 2019 and the barbz got mad
If he would take a back up's pay then he would be in the league. He wanted starter money and lost out. Play stupid games, win stupid prizes
By the time Curtis Bagley was arrested on suspicion of murder, he had run into nearly every piece of a complex network that’s meant to care for thousands of people found to have a serious mental illness.  reportshttps://www.azcentral.com/in-depth/news/local/arizona-health/2019/09/25/mental-health-system-let-curtis-bagley-down-now-man-dead/1624564001/ …
Now do the part where Trump thinks there will be a Civil War if he's removed from office...
The Democrats, media and Deep State are conspiring for a coup. Why? It is not because they want to get President Donald Trump. It is because he is stopping them from getting the American citizens.
I can't see the tweet you replied to, and I show no replies to yours.
I would indeed pay cash money to see the voice cast for the new Addams family in a live action
For the 2nd time this year, NYPD gunfire kills 1 of its own http://dlvr.it/RFDRTV
I hate cancel culture. SNL isn’t even funny anymore. I don’t spend my time watching shows that aren’t interesting, educational, or entertaining. SNL doesn’t make the cut, decide for your self if it makes the cut for you.
Who is the leader of Islam? Who decides if he wants pictures taken of him? The guy is dead for 1400 years and the Quran makes no mention of it. The hadith does, but the same collection of Hadith also says slavery is permitted, so should we respect that too?
Four pilot whales found dead on the coast of South Carolina with 17 whales of the same species that died days earlier after beaching themselves in Georgia. https://www.wbtw.com/news/scientists-link-21-beached-pilot-whales-dead-in-georgia-sc/ …
.  .  It's all about you. It's always all about you. You couldn't care less about the American people. You're just a big freaking phony. You know what the American people are wise to you. This time you've been caught and no one is going to get you out of it.
me telling myself im gonna stop at the next chapter http://vm.tiktok.com/fDW4uD/
It appeared to work. The Leaker was unable to access. Private Conversations are Classified as with ALL Presidents. Trump has never had equal treatment. Private Phone Conversations with Democrats is a Problem. That was the MESSAGE of Whistleblower Snowden.
. What are you ACTUALLY talking about? I'm now fearing I live in a 2D house as mine was built in the 1890's.....
How convenient suddenly jumps in the political forum With an attempt to smear someone and just happens to be Preston's other half after 20 years even I can't remember who touched m last wk never mind 20 years ago unless it was a severe case of assault this political cheap claim
Hahaha, where the heck did you get that FAKE poll?!
my first real time at the gym was at  old gym and it was scary but also a high i haven’t been able to match since
Wish Manish had read the #Authentic Sikh History not the #Narpuria version. Sikhs were fighting the #Muslims face 2 face & many #Hindus were stabing sikhs in the back. We were fighting on two fronts, #Muslims and #CowardHindus who are known as #SanghPariwarHindutva of today #RSS
just because he was in the room means nothing, He was not on the call. Now there looking for the spy that was in the room placed by the CIA. Pompeo is going no where, We are going to force Schiff to step down for the lies he has been telling
I was so mad when I watched the interview, like come on Will, you could’ve let shit slide for the culture
Kendall asked me to turn the music down for a sec and gone pause & say “My teacher wasn’t here today bc she broke her leg... probably being fast”.
Cade gonna shock the world and become Tar Heel Corey
just hit the halfway point for this episode, FUCK man... #RevSA
Since I unwittingly watched the season finale of Demon Slayer: Kimetsu no Yaiba. Turning to an old staple to get me through tonight's cardio session
Exactly. The dems are making up scandals that aren’t scandals at all except to those that hate him. They could say he wears size 13 shoes and that would be enough to impeach him in the dems eyes.
Ten people overdosed within 26 hours, one of the most populous Ohio counties. The coroner is warning of the dangers of fentanyl. https://trib.al/tCLCHZ2
The carnival association of whatever is angry that private ryan and other djs are having an alternate fete for folks who may not want to go to the parade and threatened to do everything in the power to stop them and boycott them, basically said they’ll try to blackball them
No one is above the law! Shut his account down. He incites violence multiple times a day
Ewwwww wtf she had the bag on the floor and her foot was all on it and then had the audacity to use the same bag and put her food on it yuck
This is just unreal.... The man’s freaking lunatic!!!
And the aid walking with Schiff in the airport a night ago trying to ask schiff questions..called them " Cocksuckers! " its on tape!..
My throat hurt going into work yesterday and I got sick a few times at work... and my throat is a million times worse today and my boss (and best friend) has banned me from the building ... I’m hurt lolz
I think the senate won’t convict, but impeachment hearings still needs to happen. So future generations will know that someone stood up to this evil. Trump will declare full exoneration either way.
What is this?! If he don't put them damn shorts on and run his goofy ass down to the ring already....
Well that certainly ruins the quid pro quo argument
The person who came up with “don’t cry over spilled milk” has obviously never spilled a full 6oz bag of freshly pumped breast milk!
No more being so hard on myself. No more beating myself up about the things I didn’t do well. #josieong #affirmationpod
The average drop of pond water is an intellectual giant compared to Esther McVile. How can anyone so completely stupid and utterly moronic get elected to Parliament?
Palm Springs travelers can now snag dim sum right on the main drag https://la.eater.com/2019/9/30/20892085/palm-springs-roly-china-fusion-chad-gardner-restaurant-dim-sum-open … via
only about 2 weeks left til my due date so i’m gonna MILK THE HELL out of the rest of my pregnancy idc idc !!!
You progressives have no idea the hornets nest you are kicking. Absolutely no clue.
This is sad and shocking, but with the attack on Kavanaugh, how can he think otherwise. Stupid, irresponsible women told us all to believe her because she was a woman. No regard for the impact on boys/men everywhere. I hope he grows up to be a proud man, and protector.
We’ve come to the part in honey I shrunk the kids where we have to cry over an ant
When I said I would suck K*le's dick to get into the wedding I was just kidding I would never actually show up damn ma
Nuh care how hard you try Uu won’t understand me , Suh just Guh wiid the flow and don’t question shit
I work in Parole as an Administrative Judge. Though I’m not a fan of Trump, Everyone has a right to face their accuser under the 6th amendment of the Constitution in a criminal proceeding. Now should they put him alone in a room with the whistleblower? No. But in a court? Yes
I can't believe how good you photos are and also the quantity. Do you consider giving a a bird walk? Just askin...I would sign up
Amber just watched Your Name for the first time and she’s not ok
Battle rap fan don’t want to say the truth that nigga wack fam he entertaining but the nigga wack he not even good match up for DNa
Trump is 1st president to never have an approval rating above 50% in an objective & credible poll. his historic unpopularity, combined w/scandal, confirms long majority held beliefs about Trump. result is opening of the political equivalent of a sinkhole beneath Trump’s feet
These geniuses in No. 10 should be looking to make proposals that would put the EU under pressure. This nonsense will be swatted away before breakfast.
The fact that you don’t want everyone involved who’s dirty is.
Stop trying to steal the show! Not only am I the real whistleblower, I'm also all six of the "spies". Top that!
This past weekend, Dorney Park was invaded by mythological monsters. Poseidon, Medusa, Hades, and many more roamed the midways looking for lost souls. Were you one of them? #MisfitMonday #DPHaunt
Win an election and impeached! Unends our Constitution, the Rule of Law and the foundation of our Republic! Dems see no downside they hate all three.
The punishment of Jesus, a martyr. Yes I find a flogging appropriate
The blocked out retweet button has never been so mocking
If common core is at the core, there is no educating going on.
I don't even give it a minute of my time when Donna is on. So tired of fox and the decisions that they've been making. I imagine it will show in their ratings soon. FBN is still doable but I do Newsmax or OAN for News. #TheFive
I'm for the Castle Doctrine but only if you're actually in your castle. Not when you break into someone else's home and murder them
ok I gotta chill putting porn on the timeline. I’m just making jokes not even watching an all my follower get to watch horrified
You're one of the reasons why I won't subscribe to the . I am not going to reward a news outlet for basically running interference for Giuliani and Trump.  I know I'm not the only one!
Also leaking a song is very disrespectful towards the artists who worked hard for it so stop spreading that link and don’t listen to it. Have patience and wait.. it’s the least u can do if u wanna properly support the group.
and they claimed everybody else the bad person? YUP
From the man who had an affair while his wife was dying from cancer!
Coworkers: have you been (does weed smoking action) Me: no???? Coworkers: oh youve just been giggly Me: (me realizing I usually dead pan at work and I guess the clown movie has made me gay at work now)
Pathological power: the danger of governments led by narcissists and psychopaths http://theconversation.com/pathological-power-the-danger-of-governments-led-by-narcissists-and-psychopaths-123118 …
I would love to follow her here but someone must educate her on the hatred that can be Twitter or social media. I can't imagine anyone being mean to her but there are nutcases out there as you know!!
i think that was the song that made me sit back for a second and be like oh shit this is happening
That was the third mistake of the driver, the first mistake was keeping the firearm in the place w/ paperwork. The second was allowing a window to be rolled down larger then a piece of paper. http://flexyourrights.org
so i’m missing dancing with the stars tonight cause i have work. time to quit
My cousin just told me “bro I’m not hating or anything, buts it’s kinda annoying how everything works out for you, like things always end up your way. You’re always so lucky” ummmm no nigga stop being a bitch a demand what you want from life... it works 90% of the time kiddo. BTN
guys I’m starting to think the president is a dipshit
May I suggest this book for you? The Art of War written on bamboo by Sun Tzu.
Pelosi-NO CHARACTER, NO INTEGRITY, NO GUTTS, NO LEADERSHIP, NO NOTHING-Just a power hungry loser-Dont you need to get permission from the 3 stooges plus 1, (the squad), before you leave DC? stay away from SC Pelosi!
Who the hell are you??? You are not a member of congress and everyone know you are a traitor anyway!!! So shut up we do not care what you think. Vote for whoYOU want to but leave us alone!!!
" don't want the precious time we have together to be taken away by anyone!"-usami
I'm so sorry you are reduced to driving a TOYOTA.... however will you cope............. you know you are barely scraping by when you are FORCED to drive a car as DISGUSTING as a toyota highlander................ the poverty of it all........
So can we skip the part where he skips out on the subpoena and go immediately to arresting him for contempt of Congress?
Wasn’t that the Berlin Wall? With a No Man’s Land betweeen
Due to unfortunate circumstances, I’m only here to market my brand on the tl
Just the way the dream of Shehu Sani was shattered by elrufai the Giant.
I’ve flown over China going to Seoul. The pollution from China is horrible.
X - all time fav Bad Religion Clash Iggy The Jam Five is not nearly enough.
https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2019/aug/08/bernie-sanders-trump-food-stamp-snap … Resist, boycott, strike and vote against vile entities that abet the tyrannical Fascist cancer that permeates our Society like a malignant deadly plague that's upheld and rooted by the most vile, narcissistic,... https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2019/aug/08/bernie-sanders-trump-food-stamp-snap …
SO?? Expelled her and never allow her to return to the school for her racebaiting lie
Become president and you can criticize our military the way you criticize your Police department.. You are not a leader.
In early 2012, late 2011 the GOP put a poison bill in that years NDDA that when Obama signed it into law, cost him my vote in the next election. It was the height of the Occupy movement. Anyone know what it did?
Dead-ended the Mueller Invest. Lied before Congress. Lies continually for Trump. Why isn’t he being paid directly by Trump? OUR money is being stolen!
The situation is on both continents not the best right now so take a step back from this conversation take a breather and relax. Jesus some people just got no chill. You forgot you're having this discussion under the tweet of T1s gf  the personification of a moai.
It aggravates the hell out of me that The Whites™ got ahold of the word "woke" completely twisted it & vilified the term. Integration was a mistake.
You know when you’re so excited for dinner earlier in the day but then get too stressed to even want to eat? I bought a bottle of wine instead
currently sitting in my room crying cause i’m not going to wakaan and i ate all the cereal in my house... being a girl is the most annoying and reckless thing ever and i want out
Jarrett's off the wagon again. Trump brings out the absolute worst in people, doesn't he?
Egg Drop Soup . . One of my favorite soups, especially now that the weather is cooling off. I recommend it more than chicken noodle if you're sick! . . Made by Gonzo, cut by  #foodie #food #foodgasm…
Some randoms Russian dudes are on  campus cornering students to do interviews and convince them that Russia isn’t racist towards Blacks or Muslims.
Cutting back on red meat is standard medical advice to prevent cancer and heart disease -- but a review of dozens of studies has concluded that the potential risk is low and evidence uncertain http://u.afp.com/JapU
Insecure little crybaby. The sort of bloke who'll let his gf cheat on him and blame himself when she does lmao
Your missing the point of the picture. I’m Australian I couldn’t give a toss, but you have 5 American Presidents standing together, you will never see Trump in any of them.
Bare people are saying RIP to him on the TL and on Snapchat, apparently he got into a car accident.
Reading the article, FWIW, is trying to use the existence of Castle to justify manslaughter (illegal act but no intention of murder) rather than murder. Castle would be what she thought she was doing, and thus what she intended was not murder.
I'm dim? You can't tell the difference between scenario and legitimacy. He said "wouldn't you love if..." of course no coach said. Man you're something else.
Wake me up when September ends, when the government is die.
I followed him, too, but didn't interact. This was so fucking random. He fucked with the wrong chick, that's for fucking sure.
I can seee. No wonder you have the energy to tweet. Most of them cant be online today.
Avoiding the new-manager syndrome in design by ://buff.ly/2kQrVH7
It’s called Football ladies. Believe it or not there is risk in playing contact sports. Don’t be so soft it’s embarrassing to the dying breed of men such as myself.
Obozo is and always will be part of the Dark side of the force. He divided this country and made people weak and dependent on the government just like the Dark Side of the force. Maybe you need to watch the movies again because you don’t understand stand the meaning behind it
Ms. Rosa, this read like a badly translated JRPG from the 90s. You just went up a notch in my book.
MY BIG BROTHER SAID THAT I WAS ROTTEN TO THE CORE IM THE ONLY GIRL SO I GOT BY WITH MORE
“We broke away from the LGBTQ” a contradiction I’m so many levels.
Got muh new book, found some cash layin around my room. Now for the first drawing. Que art block.
Your president!!! And you are a old shack in the middle of its path with no storm shelter to run to!!!!
-driving for a few hours, stopping to get some snacks, coming back to the car, seeing them both still asleep, getting in and starting it and driving off-
I’m 100% ok with Pilut coming back from injury and playing 20 games in ROC. Housely destroyed his confidence to the point he struggled even in ROC. Get 20 in with a solid d-Corp then cone back up after Christmas.
THE WALL IS A LIE! There's a gap. I went to sit down and coulda toppled off the balcony. What fresh hell is this?!
Uh, I will, because the actual Nazis had the backing of the government in power. Antifascists very obviously do not lol
I have the notifications on and it's a constant struggle
Your dumb asf. Money has nothing to do with ppl actions on climate change!!! You can’t pay your way in how to make the work cleaner and healthier that’s based off ppl actions!!!
When Adam Sandler died in Click. Easily the most underrated sad scene of all time.
I CANNOT BELIEVE SOMEONE POSTED A VIDEO OF THEM EATING ASS ON THE TL I AM LIVID
What struggles, they're avg 11 points against,.ppl get crazy like there is only one side of the ball
#UtawarerumonoMoT #UtaMotSpoilers fucker really brought the bridge down with a single tube
She was in cahoots with sneddon, she even got a Spanish fan suspended to go into the courtroom...
 MUST BE CENSURED & investigated for his part in the biased complaint of hearsay that would never stand up in court.
Do you ever feel like a scooby doo Tossed onto the floor With weird human hands Do you ever feel so unwanted On a yard sale page But will meet up at Walmart for exchange
Making statements like this is the only way this failed politician can remain relevant and in the public eye.
Agreed. he's a known liar and nobody really wants to hear what he has to say. He just wants to go on and spread Trump's agenda and does not look at facts and common sense. So stop putting him on the air.
IBB killed Late MKO Abiola. Abacha's killed Kudirat Abiola. Regime of evil Rtd. General Obasanjo and  killed Late Chief Bola Ige.  your evil plan to kill  of my generation will Not work. The evil generation of current rulers can't give us a better future.
Look in the Mirror like damn what done got into me.
I think most complaining out of frustration. Frustration we gave up 7 pts on play where no skill was involved and 90% on the field thought play was dead. Lesson learned, wait for the damn whistle, but hurts bad on loss to team like the chiefs. Seems like we r always so close ...
This is blatant lies. Australian PM said no such thing. Read the letter he just put out... keep reaching
The problem with me is I’m never satisfied with my accomplishments, i always strive for more
Don't know if it's true but if it is... How exactly can you rate any manager that sees someone like Jesse Lingard as central to anything? If, and I stress if, this is true, Ole might just be the worst manager we've had post SAF. By a mile.
Lol I’m weak that nigga tossed the blizzy far asa bitch
Spent the day updating and getting gear set up, I believe I'm stream capable again. Try to fire up some COD or BF or maybe some CS:GO some time this week. You bring the popcorn and I'll bring the suck
Don't quite get what you are proving. That drop in unemployment was the result of Obama's post Bush recession action? Regardless of employment %, income for those working people adjusted for inflation is flat or has dropped.
Stick it in your ear clown. Take your emoting and your hysterics and peddle them among your idiots friends on the left. There was ZERO wrong w/Trump's statement. You TDS RINOs are so obvious it isn't even laughable any longer.
And we can all look forward to a. An increase in taxes B. High unemployment C. Destruction of HBCUs D. SBA losing its funding E. US being sold to other countries F. An attack on religion G. An attack on the working class H. COMMUNISM! We just can’t wait!!
girls with sensitive coochies do not like this shit i will call the police
And how do you know what wasn't accurate, were you in the room or do you just take the wor(d) OF Trump who has had verifiably lied. I don't like Trump, but this is fact driven, not agenda driven. Fixed it for you.
I misread the tweet wrong, I thought she was talking about india as a whole which would well be idiotic
She can cash in during book tour..forgiven by Obama’s DOJ/FBI/CIA/Dems/lefts/MSM/Hollywood/foreign power (those who want  to lose the election).. and let’s see..who else: to have immunity from her blundersThe GOPs are screwed!
Piers Morgan asking the tough questions our #Mockingbird #MSM won't about #QuidProJoe and Crackhead Baby Biden.https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-7521237/Its-time-start-asking-Joe-Biden-Ukraine-questions-doesnt-want-answer.html …
You meant “ The president is guilty unless the president is a Democrat and you are a white supremacist” America?
The Lord will Thunder on High and With his Sore and Terrible and Great Sword will cut down the wicked far and wide.
yes it was my most painful one besides my rib, the skin is so thin and it’s so close to the bone
Let me know of an example of him retweeting a white nationalist with an actual tweet screenshot or tweet. And your definition of a 'known white nationalist' is most likely defined by the lying MSM. #QANON #KAG2020 #GREATAWAKENING
Rest is important! You look more exhausted than the traveling merchants I know.
Why are men 50+ so unaware of their surroundings? Bro, you weren’t the last to get on the fucking bus, there’s people behind you. Stop your dumb ass conversation with the driver and gtfo of my way.
The silliness! You're not lucky, I'm lucky! Y'all are the best.
Those ones in the gallery are bored they are even checking time sef abeg biggie release them #BBNaija
And then I close my eyes and just remember this song I said, there isn't any God and when you die, you're just dead And heaven's just a fairytale to put you to bed There ain't nobody watching us, 'cause nobody cares And in the end we 're living all alone
lack of communication is the root of SO many problems. just talk
Your tweet should read "The sky is falling!". Quit sucking $5 bucks from grannies. Use your own damn money! God knows you lined your pockets with laundered American tax dollars #RosemontSeneca
Is she an animal now for putting those boys through this being that she lied and made up the whole thing?
I started watching Glow a week or so ago. I made it to the 3rd season when I decided I hate it.
 You and George Soros eh you really are some kind of treasonous seditious traitor I hope the new 911 investigations thanks to  will expose your role in the disinformation campaign
whut video - show me the centrist nonsense - it fuels me!
There isn't any God and when you die, you're just dead And heaven's just a fairytale to put you to bed Sometimes I think about the chance that I'm wrong
When someone disagrees with you, someone is wrong, and if your whole life says one thing, it’s probably them. When there is a variety of opinions you run the risk of realizing that you too are a product of your environment and likely to be as wrong as everyone else
Were there an overabundance of hops? (Ya know, to hide the shitty craft crap)
We need another #whistleblower to step up and call out these  bag men. Expose the dirtiest secret in the  and put   and   on blast
Warren, at the moment, is my favorite to win the nomination, but I would never tell anyone, and especially not a Native American, to "get over" her (mis)handling of the matter of her ancestry. It's a negative in her overall record: how big of one is another question. .
UK government proposed the backstop. UK government responsible for all proposals... Where do you get your fake news from?
To other young-adult service providers in King County, news of the youth shelter's closure came as a shock. These 25 beds represent more than a sixth of all emergency-shelter beds just for young adults in Seattle, and they're disappearing in winter. https://st.news/2ne1Ra9
“The move to the cloud is likely to result in a reduction in staff” - sorry, what?!?! https://amp-theage-com-au.cdn.ampproject.org/c/s/amp.theage.com.au/business/banking-and-finance/nab-tech-chief-resigns-amid-technology-transformation-20190930-p52w9h.html …
If you can’t sit without it for even an hour. You’re the same person who uses their phone when you’re on a date. Shame.
#POWER THOUGHTS 1. Shoutout to Vincent. He the new GOAT for what he did with that bag of Oranges. 2. Cousin Benny know the vibes. He ain’t stupid. It’s gonna go down. 3. LaKeisha is Ed from Good Burger stupid. #NoSpoilers
I hope she got the beating of a lifetime from her mom. Why would you do that and fuck it up for people who really go through some shit?!
Should I be worried he gets station out the country
Serfs arise and go forward Demand our rights under the Magma Carta.
You're silly. There's nothing to report me for, even if the Twitter algorithm decides otherwise. Well, Brexit is shit & will benefit only bottom-feeding xenophobes or cockroach disaster-capitalists like Mogg/Farage et al. Everyone else will suffer. I'm not special, just aware.
It was Tracy. I made myself clear to both my then wife at the time and the therapist I was beyond disappointed and I felt it was not in my best interest to participate in a pre-planned event where a "professional" had diagnosed me without even hearing me say a word.
This taunt is coming coz of the voices. It can be hard to swallow but it is what it is. When they don't need help they become 'Tamil nation' but Indian. A while ago, they were defending K. Sivan, not because he is a scientist but coz he is from South.
will i ever go to sleep at a normal hour the answer is no its 2 am and i am still not asleep
I think the worst part about moving is that I don’t have a favorite spot to go when I’m sad anymore.
i wasn’t hiding my kid from the world.. i was hiding the world from my kid...
Shit, the office pool says you won’t last two months!!!
“For, as I have often told you before and now tell you again even with tears, many live as enemies of the cross of Christ. Their destiny is destruction, their god is their stomach, and their glory is in their shame. Their mind is set on earthly things.” Philippians 3:18-19
∆ The forbidden fruit ∆ [78] [Segunda-feira] "Que bicho que deu ontem?"
What y'all fail to get is that entertainment is relative. You find get boring, good for you because she is entertaining to me. So the right framing for the boring sentence is 'I find her boring' and not that you'll generalize it for all. I don't find Seyi boring too btw
I don’t want nun of y’all hoes popping out the blue trynna mess wit me when I pop out wit my wifey
If you can't quote the entirety of Hocus Pocus, including voices, gestures, and movements, we can't be friends
I am waiting to see what the cult members do once Avenatti goes to prison. They are so simple minded I can see some of them actually harming themselves. Sad actually.
Kids are asking  the hard hitting questions tonight: "What's you're favourite candle scent?" – at Milton Centre for the Arts
A key House Democrat said he’s consulting lawyers about whether to make public a complaint by a federal employee about possible misconduct in the Internal Revenue Service’s auditing of Donald Trump. https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2019-09-27/democrat-weighs-releasing-complaint-about-irs-trump-tax-audit …
My bf takes the most embarrassing pictures of me.. I look like a crackhead in all of them
Schiff has been proven to be lying for the past two years during his Committee work! He needs to be held accountable or the lawlessness will continue
Why can't it be the two of us.... Why can't we be lovers, only friends.. :<<
What have I become My sweetest friend Everyone I know Goes away in the end And you could have it all My empire of dirt I will let you down I will make you hurt If I could start again A million miles away I will keep myself I would find a way
Ugh, they are sooo bad right now!! In the past I've placed a few sticky traps amongst my houseplants after bringing them in
Repetitive moral equivalence between India's & Pakistan's case against each other does not make them equal ! Neither India, not most of the world see it that way - except for China, Turkey & Malaysia. Your article makes them sound equal !
I just don't understand how some don't see it? Nigel is constantly in Bojos ear and Corbyn has completely fractured his own constituents for not knowing were he stands at all, he's an utter disgrace.
Let me get this straight.. the problem is with the person sharing the crime that happened but not the crime!! Like my kid being mad at me for catching her smoking pot and then lobbying to change the law so I can’t tell someone that she did it. Why are the criminals in charge?
Hmm considering the game is balanced from plat + my opinion does kinda matter
why am i getting emotional over david/dan dropping that book on that coffee table what the fuck is wrong with me
Earlier today a guy who was stopped at a green light took offense to my honking and inexplicably pulled to the side of the road to let me pass. I'm not trying to pass sir, I'm trying to avoid being rear ended by traffic behind me that won't understand that you're a goddamn idiot.
I agree Yes he is because he doesn't care and he show it all the time Republicans bones are practically powder they are shaking so bad. It is crazy how things are We're over Freddie it A Nightmare on Pennsylvania Avenue Trump is terrorizing while you're awake
 you’re getting kicked off the island if you miss another group ft . You know what nvm. Your bed is going on the pool
People are missing the biggest implicit message here, which is....does Biden also believe LOWER class is a value set? This is the second time he’s recently implied that, the first being the insinuation that poor mothers are bad mothers who don’t teach their children language.
Wanting to buy Dragon Quest XI for the switch but sadly being a poor boy doesn't let this happen. FeelsBadMan
Bitch I could watch The Devil Wears Prada ALLLLLLL DAAAAAAAY and not get tired of it!
This week is massive for wrestling fans, and these next few minutes before it all kicks off are killing me, the excitment is building to unheard of heights. Do we have a name for this era yet? #RAW
Wake up  dont let the 100 followers group think your being agreed to we know the rooms full of computers with following 1200 followed by 100 are paid poor people that do what the caller tell them to do
you have to look at our situation.. kinguin, me kinglionleo and a ton of other og people are trying to show the devs what they are doing wrong and how much better stuff is going in other games and for 3 years we get the same excuse "we dont want to copy other game's features"
The parent is obnoxious and has been banished by the other parents of the team?
If the twins dont do it this year....yankees dont have the pitching, take the upset!
The Two 'Studs' That Were Trying To Steal Gas  Holds a Press... #b1 #newblackmedia #blackmedia #blackhistory #ados #ADOSPolitics https://youtu.be/VO317roVJWo via
I posted the same photo showing him on FB on Sept. 28, but now the content Isn't available. I tagged, "Mayor Lyda Krewson Lewis E. Reed I'm sure there are a million little reasons for this.....6 hours ago." 'This content isn't available right now'. If tired pls stay at home.
My take: Impeachment will CAUSE a Trump re-election. I heard a lot of fools on the right saying “The GOP is the stupid party”. Those people are eternally wrong.
I think the president has better things to do we know why he walked away he saw this country being sold out from under us. He saw jobs leaving for no other reason then politicians lining their pockets. Obama Biden Clinton three of the top tier stealers. Obama sold out to iran
Be careful, the Des Moines Register will try to dig up dirt
Before we moved out here, the first stop from LAX wast the In-n-Out in Westchester.
Screw Imran Khan. But since when did the "sportsmen community" become a religion to "excommunicate" members. Pay attention to your constituency instead of theatrics.
Seems more or less correct, although the writer’s confusion about the four-spot seems silly given this team’s depth.
For instance, screenshot on the right was the UI I used to have, had some space between the menu and the edge of the phone. Now there's no space whatsoever and whenever I try to change menu it doesn't register most of my presses, it's quite aggrevating.
When you’re hurting call, I’ll be there just do the same for me
The way the 11 is set up THAT shit got my TATTOOS looking niceeee I NEEDS IT
Gotta take the good with the bad just can’t be one sided
She was subdued on the 5 today, she must be feeling the pressure from Barr and Durham
Listen my nigga im the first in my family to do this shit how im doing to even see millions or even get offered that ain’t nobody in my family rich or got money like that if yo parents bought you what you have you dead ass shouldn’t be talkin shit to nobody
There is no other Medicare for all, the only way a bill can be called that is if the only real difference is something more minor like transitional time You’re just using the name for clout. It’s an objectively different bill. M4A is M4A You’re making a corporate dem argument
shouuld have slapped his DA right in the mouth what a LIAR is Adam Sciff
Please tell me you saw bad times at the el royale. Cynthia sang her ass off
Durham and Barr are very close to exposing Dems for their massive corruption. This is precisely why the Dems have hurriedly cobbled together the Trump impeachment red herring. We’re not as gullible as you think. Dems are going down and there’s nothing they can do about it.
well, just because someone writes doesn't mean they their apostrophe from a hole in the ground. I say keep on with your bad writing self (if you want to, that is).
As much as I want to blame Trump for everything, this isn't his doing. The Hillary investigation started in 2015.
I have to stay in my room which is the only way I will survive even then I know the dander has probably made its way into my room, so all I gotta do is breathe the wrong way and I will be on the verge of death
I swear every time I fill out the DCP application my heart is in my throat the entire time
And Dems didn’t need to do anything to manipulate the election. All polls show that Biden and others would beat Trump in a head to head match up. And Trump continues to get negative overall approval ratings. Dems are actually taking a risk w this impeachment.
Ughh how awful. Given the area of MO, I’m not surprised. I played a soccer tournament on a mixed team, coach pulled the 3 girls b/c the players & parents were so bad (n word & girls shouldn’t play soccer). Our 2 black males played but endured a rough game.
Difference no huddle vs muddle. Muddle is usually to keep the personnel they want. That was drive one. No huddle is usually last drive of half to haul ass to get a score.
if someone makes my wife cry, I'll make them cry. Right after she punches the living snot out of whomever made her cry.
Jamie Oliver pocketed £5.2m payout months before his Jamie’s Italian restaurant chain went bust with the loss of 1,000 jobs https://thewashingtontime.com/jamie-oliver-pocketed-5-2m-payout-months-before-his-jamies-italian-restaurant-chain-went-bust-with-the-loss-of-1000-jobs/ …
I see what you did there clever. The scary thing is, unlike the mueller report Barr has been super secretive on all fronts. That’s scary because we have absolutely no idea. “IF” there is evidence, it is his duty to investigate. But only IF. We will know when his report is out
Really heart stopping news!!! You’re right, I have to lie down, I think I have the VAPORS!
Ok, when are the arrests coming???? New evidence against Democrats is not even exciting any more.
Threats of violence won't help, you violated your oath of office. DO NOT LET HIM CHANGE THE SUBJECT! We must remain focused. tRump is unhinged, corrupt and unfit! #OneVoice1 #ImpeachmentIsCominghttps://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2019/09/30/trump-civil-war-tweet-jeffress-draws-backlash-critics-gop/ …
I’ve been. That school is dead ass in the middle of no fucking where
Hey, allies, Any you Dudes hear anything Bout our CIA & FBI looking Into Fake Russian Interference With our Elections n 2016? It was a hoax u Know And it was all a Ukraine set Up by George Soros, Hillary Clinton And the very corrupt Bidens
Every now and then I have an urge to go back for an advanced degree and then have to remind myself of the many all-nighters filled with crying and self-loathing before each paper was turned in, and my failed attempted to actually start writing projects early enough for editing.
and the HACK ACOSTA ..continues his streak of FAKE NEWS...read the article..theres not a smidgen of proof in this asinine claim.. acosta IS the king of FAKE NEWS. #acostafakenews
It’s absolutely ridiculous. If I walked into the wrong apartment and shot someone, there wouldn’t be a question. I’d go to jail. As it should be with her.
If someone uses the term "vaccine concerns", then they are almost certainly a pro-plague conspiracy crank.
Would be the products of rape. Also, incest as well. Some people don’t get to report the incidents especially if they are still in the care of their abuser. Let people be. This is a complicated issue and until you talk to your ob/gyn about everything that goes on, don’t judge
That is odd since the Bible specifically says gays are an abomination to God and are to be stoned to death and that God is NEVER CHANGING. I never understood why gays would want to worship such a sadistic and hateful being.
Yeah man if I didn't find nichole I would have died no doubt lol. Once you learn to let loose with someone you love being alone in the crowd isn't the same
Haley, days after Khashoggi's murder on her way out of the UN: "Jared Kushner is a hidden genius that nobody understands." She'd sell her grandmother for higher office.
To be fair, up until now I’ve been terrified of singing in public bc I hate my voice and it’s bad.
IT'S TIME TO FIGHT BACK. LET IT BEGIN: New RNC Ad Is The Blueprint For Beating Vulnerable House Democrats https://thefederalist.com/2019/09/30/new-rnc-ad-is-the-blueprint-for-beating-vulnerable-house-democrats/#.XZKVfoocDH4.twitter …
i can call you whatever i want but it be the ones with self low esteem that hate on other people over small shit. but like i said its natural bitches out here who got bad attitudes just like you so keep the same energy with bitches who wear wigs and bitches who natural STINK!
WW2 Picture Photo Helldiver crash USS Shangri-La the pilot was killed 1904 https://ift.tt/2nghxtl
186) Power - Kanye West 185) The Show Goes On - Lupe Fiasco #hotlist #staytuned
You had any integrity you would delete this tweet, but you work for the federalist so everyone knows you threw out integrity a long time ago. #pathetic
school fed us with lies.. both ignorance and greed to control the world were pilots
This #impeachTRUMP hysteria is a CLEAR Dis-Enfranchisement of #WeThePEOPLE ... if the #GlobalistHOARD decides POLICY not the VOTERS then our so called "DEMOCRACY" is an ILLUSION: we voted to #BuildTheWALL & END #OpenBorders but Bi-Partisan #Globalist #Dems & #GOP BLOCKED THAT !!
This tweet knocked the breath out of me for a moment. We are all drinking the same toxic water of racism. :( I will also say that the place where I feel my white privileged most acutely is at a racially diverse masjid downtown. +
I believe Giuliani has been given until the 15th to comply. His goal is to stall, obfuscate and seek delays. A failure to comply should immediately be met with arrest and jailing which has not been used, but does exist.
Uuuiii Belas músicas O.B.S.: AAAAAAAA PANIC! AT THE DISCO
I’ve seen them 9 times! This is the first year since 2013 that I will not be seeing them and I’m sad haha
I been waiting for this fight for the last 6 months
I'm actually still at work and I'm freaking the fuck out holy shit Kugyuu at NYC but shit I need to get tickets shit I need to reschedule my return flight shit now as well fuck it I'll pay whatever you want I just want to see her so badly.
What!? No bipartisan approach to problem solving?! Weird how one side is always to go to the “night makes right” stance. Stable geniuses.
CAITLYN THE FIRST ONE LESS LONELY GIRL AND HIS FIRST GFRIEND AS A CELEBRITY IAM ABOUT TO CRY
Voting for Obama because he was black was racist the first time and anti-America the 2nd time.
it was kinda dumb tho, i coulda just chgged from the bottle too much coffee wasted
First of all shut the fuck up u literally get fitter every day, second of all look at us ??? I haven’t seen my jawline in 2 years
NP, the nation has seen your abuse of power, we see your actions for what they are: just another baseless political ploy. Since Biden bragged he had the prosecutor fired we really need to look at every case that was killed during the previous administration: just too many crimes
 hay I’m using your creator code I am a default skin and I am getting bullied so can you please give me a 10 or 35 pan code respond whenever you get the chance.
No apology necessary we all are learning as we go and finding out the truth. I've learned so much this last year and realize we cannot take for granted what we've been told...we have to find out for ourselves.
No more TV representation from a Kelsey Grammer Let's toast to niggas getting checks to work behind the camera
i’m about to take the next bus back to Erie to beat the bricks off this bitch
#BREAKING: Reports of a Coup d’Etat underway in #Peru. Translation: “ | URGENT - CRISIS IN PERU: Police officers arrive at the front of the headquarters of the Congress of the Republic.”
จอง Harry Potter and the goblet of fire ไปแล้ว เล่มนี้รอ 2 ปีเลย รูปจะสวยแค่ไหนนะ
Cross me the wrong way, I’ll blow your shit on the deck
i have less than $100 in my bank account and all the places I applied to have not responded to be so I’m sad and broke, please send me money or buy my nudes or honestly anything I’m desperate
Was never sure about Santa and the Tooth Fairy, etc, but is it ok that I still believe in Rod Rosenstein? (I don't really wan't the truth here if it's bad...)
Is Gardner Minshew the Offensive Rookie of the Year right now? Is there even any competition?
We are like, a week and a half away from trump getting on tv all sweaty and red faced going “YOURE GODDAMN RIGHT I ORDERED THE ELECTION TAMPERING!”
I didnt even see you till the reveal! I wanted to fight your pot :[
So uhmm anyone going to talk about the Terms of trade not looking good and how we are spending more and gaining less and how the unemployment rate in Fiji has increased from 4.10% to 4.20% ? No okay.
Batesville Casket oughta be paying the University of Tennessee fake ball team for a likeness of dead people
God forbid Corbyn became caretaker PM and the smear campaign begins, people coming out of the woodwork with accusations going back years like they are doing to Boris. I don’t think on top of everything else I could stomach the sex tapes of Jeremy and Diane coming to light
You will cave to China just like you did to Iran. You are weak and pathetic all talk and no action. These Communist dictators see and they're drooling over the fact that they can do as they please with no consequences.
if you look at my embarrassing pop punk gideon/harrow playlist on my phone and then look at my spies james/erisia playlist that i made in high school it’s actually exactly the same playlist and this venn diagram is the most terrible terrible circle
This is tragic isn't it? Why can't THEY see all the good Trump is doing. #FoxNews
hi i’m just gonna binge forged in fire til the end of time because there are 400000000episodes and theyre all ~40mins long
Money make the world go round money make you bitch go down to hoe
I know that missing this content is frustrating. We’re disappointed to see FOX put our customers in the middle of its negotiations by choosing to remove their channels from DISH’s lineup. DISH is always open to a fair agreement with programming provide...
Of courses they were... Then complain about racism... They are the true racists ...
You'll be the most popular inmate in the entire prison!
I got a bad boy, I must admit it You got my heart, don't know how you did it And I don't care who sees it babe I don't wanna hide the way I feel when you're next to me
I think I wanna be somewhere where you can hear the call to prayer. Haven't heard it bless the atmosphere in so long.
how would you bring the deficit down to under 3% Currently over 7% Raise Taxes or cut services ?
It's getting ridiculous the way the SNP are fawned at with Bambi eyes in adoration. We have serious problems, Hospitals, Ferry's, Unfinished Bridges open to the public. A massive underspend, missing Brexit millions gone, they won't say where, man up FGS.
Within the first 8 hours and you can’t drive no more than a 11 hours
Sad to say but called it, tragic all around, but that flurry in the beginning of certain info and details was the tell they knew this from the get go. yet parroted by "reporters" as usual
If I fell in love with the devil song is not in Lucifer’s season 5 I will protest
With all the shame can they at least getting some update if already there
I cant believe we found an abandoned hospital for the most lifestyle shoot I've done.....anyways I'll be coming back here for other shoots (-:
Are Turks actually this stupid? They have to be I suppose if they keep voting for the watermelon seller.
See I'd agree with that theory, but tobacco companies have already bought a lot of the biggest Vape industry players, so I'm a little unsure WTF is going on!
So weird the things you guys attribute to one color of ppl.
i’m mostly not impressed with Stephen’s writing tbh. He is sometimes so sparse I can’t understand what’s going on, and sometimes he spends 50 pages talking about how fucking awesome bill denbrough is and the RACISM AND HOMOPHOBIA is so much
"Is something wrong?" Aziraphale spoke up, the hesitation in the demon's words making the angel worry as he pressed closer from the tightening of his arms. "I don't have to sleep if you don't want me to." he said, his brows furrowing. He just wanted the demon to be happy.
You want to know what's ironic. You're looking for the context of the teacher using it while criticizing your Uber passengers for using it without knowing the context... Phew, you're a doozy!
10 people in Ohio overdose in 26 hours. Wonder how many veterans kill themself from VA playing their political games and refusing to give them the pain medication they need.
we are CURRENTLY in the middle of the desert looking for this stupid tire
He does the Sicilian ‘17 pantomines’ to the left, up , down can’t look anyone in the eye - watch ‘True Romance’ Christopher Walker / Dennis Hopper scene - how to tell when a bloke is lying
If true, BRAVO AG BARR!!! The treasonous DemocRATs and their media lapdogs must be exposed and punished. #EnemyOfThePeople
It’s too bad both the Steelers and Bengals can’t lose tonight
thats so they can get you behind the wheel and have you arrested for DUI
I do not accept it. He's horrible, one of the worst.
I totally get the compulsion to use something until the point rigor mortis has set in, but with electricals, it's fine to call it at the fire hazard stage. (I might know something about that, having once fried my parents kitchen circuits. Maybe).
for all I know I could be overthinking all this clothing and fitting stuff, but how can you blame me when I NEVER GOT TO LEARN ANY OF THIS? I grow up socialized incorrectly, and now that I'm transitioning as an adult, no one wants to help me learn the things I never learned
Hard Man is crashing the party and stealing hearts. #MegaMan #Persona5 #MegaManxPersona
i am such a slut for the poundcake they have at the school cafeteria it is so FUCKJNG good
We watched you shake down the Ukrainian government "You have 6 hours to fire the prosecutor or you're not getting the billion dollars "
Lots of time to do crazy hair colours together in the future
When she asked these questions, I assumed she was as good of a lawyer has people have said and knew the answer to these questions already. Barr knew he was screwed, but not to what degree.
Omg you’re obsessed.The point still stands. Y’all are searching up indirects. SM want y’all to do free-labor bc they want western validation. Your pussy to dry to be riding my dick like this. The only thing I got wrong was the fact that it wasn’t an “email” that’s literally IT.
I thought i was about to have a heart attack at the wheel.. chest felt crazy as hell for a min
Check dis I’m ready to slap the leasing office for this high ass rent fucking up my homecoming plans
The Latin nerd in me jumped out reading this tweet. While I’m at it... #BetoMMXX
This is like an adult dealing with a misbehaving child. I think anyone with a little sense new the answer then.
 Ask a biased question...get a biased answer. Q: “to reduce the risk of an outbreak a bill has been proposed…Do you favor/oppose this bill?” MarketResearch101: never use leading, loaded, double barreled questions.  should know better https://tinyurl.com/UCBdata
Girlfriend you are my spirit animal! NO ONE ever wants to talk about the elephant in the room....the WORKING POOR! I feel like people think it's a myth that we exist but we are HERE
You will be missed! If you have a minute, though, come grab our signature cocktail - the Wrike Whiskey Smash - and some apps! #WrikeCollaborate
Outrage against everything Trump has done lately. I can't forgive him for the (legal) tarriffs, so I SURE can't forgive him for his criminality, nor his total absence of desire for the well-being of his own country. He cheapens the Office. He belongs in prison. #Impeachment
Baffles me how so many people live in fear of sin and withold living the only life they'll ever get to the fullest. So many different religions who all believe their god is the only to exist. You can't all be correct. Live while you're alive.
Some people might not see the difference. Rightfully so. They are not mutually exclusive for either side.
Person A of your OTP goes off to war and promises A they'll come back. B then receives a letter in the mail… What happens is up to you.
Atlantis was Avatar before Avatar. The villain is the exact same.
I've wondered if he was a sleeper agent left over from the Cold war more than once.
My thought for today, as it is every day: The Trump Administration is not only the most racist, xenophobic, misogynistic, homophobic, ignorant and corrupt administration in modern history, it is also the cruelest.
I was reading about the engineering mess in digitalocean this exact morning and now their block storage is red globally
"You have no idea what's going on. Trump has things going on behind the scenes you don't know a thing about. "
There's sympathy in Sicheng's eyes, but not enough to keep him from waving his tablet. "The mail just came in. Lau and Son are not happy, Ten. If we don't take care of this right now, they might pull out of the merger." Right, the merger. The merger that he was hired for.
Saints fans really talking so much shit after beating the cowboys by two points.. WE GAVE UP 64 YARDS AND YALL STILL COULDN’T GET A TOUCHDOWN
Yup merun right si Mariel to do it, pero ang asawa kasi mahilig magpabida. Keso patriotic yet ang mga anak Australian and American citzen. Walk the talk ika nga. Parang mga preacher, "wag kayo magpakayayaman" pero sila ang mayaman.
It’s dead. Which makes the remnants interesting to wander, but it’s basically walled gardens of aesthetic to visit and browse compared to the older days.
my laptop charger is broken and my laptop is dead and that’s the only way I can do my online classes fuck
2/ .... in that they find previous treatments aren't as effective as they might be. Results of research which adds to the body of medical/scientific knowledge are what are of importance, not just what *you* wrongly believe to be "positive". You really have no idea, so be quiet.
Nothings really scary lol but Cabin in the Woods or Evil dead (new and old) are beyond solid
I swear I was gone wear heels too but now idk i don’t wanna be the only mf in heels
And he should and pelosi, fake four, nadhead, all heads of the five familes!
Brock Huard was calling the plays based on the offensive sets and was pretty damn accurate.
My tweet!! I need to retweet it I hate this phone!!! Delete the comments and lets put them under the new one
Can you grasp how un-woke and weary the Duke is? #SOS
A number of NRL stars have been included in the Australian Prime Minister’s XIII to battle Fiji’s Prime Minister’s XIII next Friday. #SportNews #NRL https://fijivillage.com/sport/Australian-Prime-Ministers-XIII-includes-a-number-of-NRL-stars-2krs59/ …
Bill Barr and John Durham are closing in on Obama, Biden and the Demo-rat corruption. Panic is setting in.
Thanks, Kenichi-san. . . but I don’t want you to spend your hard-earned money on something that wasn’t even your fault. [Sniffle. Even if she did perk up at the mention of spare money...]
when my flight gets delayed causing me to miss my connection home & its the last one out i feel: sad.
♡ // i dont get mad per say but i remember why i stopped watching shows like law and order svu bc the stories always make me so sad and i always feel horrible about the things some characters have to go through, PLUS some people never get a happy ending :( they just make me sad
I dont remember when last i was awake at this hour while im supposed to be sleeping. All of a sudden the neighbourhood is noisy at night. *Insomnia
Major League News: The #Diamondbacks have announced that they have fired pitching coach Mike Butcher.
I literally just searched "Mari Salty", and the lyrics came screaming back to me!
The name has continuously changed, hard to keep up. I have a hard time remembering what the current acceptable wording is also. I don't name my friends by their preferences but by who they are, therefore the current name of LGBTQ is not easily remembered.
I can't wait to have a man or woman lead this country that doesn't blame everyone else all of the time. This man blames everyone else for his problems and mistakes. You are the president of the United States. Grow the fuck up and lead or get the fuck out of the way
I thought I could trick you into thinking I was dumb enough to not know about the two holes . It didn’t work :(
What the hell was this??? So we beat them in the league, the Fa cup final and the English Super cup!!! #1986 #LFC
oh good, the guy who carries around 20 pairs of scissors at a time is here choking himself with a belt
Wonder when the FAKE NEWS outlets will realize they can fire all of their propagandists and just air reruns of the past 3 years?
You have to be a cynical ass**** not too. What’s wrong with you anyway? You’ve lost your American values. It sucks to see all the republicans degrading themselves supporting lawlessness and corruption. Support Pelosi in this inquiry and redeem yourself.
Obey the law. He has seduced you into believing that you are above the law dude. You are not.
Initial of the last person you: 1. LE 2. S 3. ER 4. I 5. UR 6. N/A 7. S drop an emoji for the questions
These are "not" laws. This is a Judge doing his Best to get this Cop off the hook. Personally, I don't think there's proof of "murder," rather proof of "Manslaughter." Still a "homicide." In FACT, I think the "charge" of Murder is part of the effort to get her off the hook.
They did not change the rules you lying sack of Shiat. #ImpeachmentIsComing #ImpeachmentNow #ImpeachTheMF
I'm familiar with it, carried it over the years, but sorry, I've never read it.
This is the exact same thing you do on college campuses, which just More proof of your Hypocrisy. That means lies and bullshit, sorry for using such a big word.
 where the hell did quick add go? Why are you stripping features? Do you want me to unsub?
My anxiety hasn’t been this bad since the week before I came back to the states
Especially in the countries where you overthrew secular governments and sold weapons to al Qaeda. You're all career criminals.
We are sick of the fighting and childish behavior of the liberal reps getting nothing done.Nothing can stop what's coming
now. Moving towards her, he made sure the wounds he had suffered, the smaller wounds, weren’t visible as he didn’t want her freaking out. Or tracing the dark magic that he had been tortured with.
Well duh. No one reads Breitbart beside the wingnuts.
The Stephen A. Smith Show 9/30/2019 Cowboys lose, Burfict hit https://youtu.be/e1Drhm3cqKY via
Relevant thread re: richard stallman's cancellation for the crime of excessive autism.
Another liberal from CA trying to give advice. The Corrupt Democrat Leadership, esp Lying Schiff, are a disgrace to Congress. The swamp is beginning to stink with corrupt Democrats.
You're upset a fake hate crime was exposed. You're upset Andy was assaulted on video. You're upset Antifa is being exposed. You try to exploit race, the most despicable type of person there is. You have no credibility.
KENGOOOOOOO!!!!!!! Ohira buries one into an empty net after Norman's tasty across just outside the six-yard box to give the Pioneers the lead. Ohira 42' Pittsburgh 0-1 Denver #PioneerTogether | #PITTvDEN
WALLOWS NEEDS TO ADD MORE MF CANADIAN TOUR DATES WHAT THE FUCK
Excl: Times’ “invented b****cks” exposes political “ignorance” in attack on Corbyn team | The SKWAWKBOX https://skwawkbox.org/2019/09/30/excl-times-invented-bcks-exposes-political-ignorance-in-attack-on-corbyn-team/ …
Or maybe bc Trayvon was beating George’s head into the ground, but I know that messes up your narrative
Jake is all tiny dolls and boxing ring ballet. He might have trouble with the message.
(n/a=dk/havent listened to the group) Choose your one kpop girl 1. IU 2. Sunmi 3. Arin 4. Rosé 5. Wheein 6. n/a 7. n/a 8. Seungyeon 9. Sua 10. Le 11. Nako 12. Irene 13. Sana 14. Hyuna 15. Ji-sun 16. Ryujin drop an emoji and i'll send you the questions
wouldn't be me if there weren't some of this bullshit going on don't look at the hand we're not talking about the hand right now i'm not in a good place, hand-wise
CrowdStrike: The Potentially Big Topic In Trump’s Ukraine Phone Call Almost No One’s Talking About https://www.redstate.com/slee/2019/09/30/crowdstrike-potentially-big-topic-trumps-ukraine-phone-call-almost-no-ones-talking/ …
Some people think the retune speed slides off better after compression but it always sounds like shit whenever i try it
Hey, Danny, you should tell the digital folks at 710 that your show's podcast is MIA from Stitcher, Downcast, etc.
I'm heartbroken. She was part of the soundtrack to my life.
Yeah I know that too but it’s too much. Remember the boy Nigel? He was dealing with the same thing. These kids are a mess and it’s been like this for a while. I experienced bullying but you know, back then, it was normal. That stuff affects a child. Something has to change!
WTF every year you guys keep raising the price, and I know seafood hasn't gone up in price that much. WHY?
the gravity going up and down will make him drop more and you dilate faster.. at least that’s what the hospital told me
As we celebrate independence today, I am calling on the  to stand up to the task and end police brutality in Nigeria. We have lost a lot of beautiful souls already because of trigger careless officers. #NigeriaAt59 #IndependenceDay
disgusting i can't even say that with the video embedded in my tweet unless someone's posts it with a caption so i can copy and write my own
As an Insomniac, Tacha was my sleeping pill Once I see her, I sleep, sometimes I'll be up till 4am, heavy with all the insults, targeted harrasment & bullying against Tacha Tacha just took my heart away, do I need it back? #EverythingTacha #IndependentTacha
Then I found out slowly, and through painful recall of past life memories, and seeing how they've persisted - and I've fought them - in every single lifetime I've ever had... that it's the Enemy that caused that grey film over all those people in that restaurant. And over 10/
Not to mention the fact that the new prosecutor who cleared Burmisa of wrong doing had just been released from prison only months before hand. The guy was only serving time for abusing office and embezzlement. I’m sure he was totally reformed when he gave Burmisa the all clear
That's what I always thought Bernier was the answer to the Trudeau problem As in...powers that be underestimated how arrogant & stupid JT really was Max was a plant & was backed to get that spot so when JT lost they still had us Max lost..now they back his PPC We dodged a bullet
The shit (Rump) is about to hit the fan and all his sycophants in our govt, are about to get hit with it. None of them will survive unscathed. He corrupts everyone he touches.
Jair Bolsonaro tells students to read book by dictatorship-era torturer The far-right Brazilian president is accused of drinking from the sewers of history by recommending The Suffocated Truth https://www.theguardian.com/world/2019/sep/30/bolsonaro-tells-students-to-read-book-by-dictatorship-era-torturer …
I have left , plz get right you’ll regret getting the koi
Not fabricated. All your corruption is laid bare in the transcript to Zelensky that YOU released. Dumb.
Standing across from a person who has the new iPhone 11 Pro. Making me feel like when Harry Potter realized his cool ass broom was actually a wack ass broom.
The hard part I'm having is finding a class that will fit my stupid work schedule
oh, honey, so am i! i’m a leo sun and rising. the aquarius keeps it in check. that cancer just sounds like trouble. you’re suffering bad, love.
Another life just lost in #California. #POTUS, please end the suffering. #BackfireTrump
people are just weird on twitter I would do the same if i was in your shoes
leadership (and we do, but that isn't the core issue). It wasn't until I began doing advanced magickwork and joined up with a team of people like me in the mid-2000s that I was actively attacked by the Enemy for the first time, and other terrible beings aligned with it. 9/
Due to some stuff that has come public. I won't be doing free accounts unless i hear the full story. Sorry not sorry
 lacks the inherent quality of Prime Minister! #fakeinsurancesalesman #liar #homophobe #whitesupremacist #antiwomensrights
“Baz, you’re actually, literally the only thing I have to lose. So as long as doing gay stuff in public doesn’t make you hate me, I don’t really care.”
  yes I am aware of the market’s behavior. That’s why I don’t hold shit for outrageous price targets. This ran from .78 to 1.16 a week or so ago. It’s more than capable of a run.
Actually no, the language of article 50 and related always recognises "the constitutional order" and not the government / pm / head of state.
hOW THE FUCK DO U GET SCARED OF CLUBS AFTER 3 YEARS OF UNI
Thomas can plot and scheme and throw all the other adult characters of that cliff Brooke threw him off -- I don't care. But yell at Douglas? Hell No. Not acceptable. I need Ridge to smack Thomas upside the head for that and take custody until his son fixes himself.
Just got home from . It’s unfortunate that so much of the produce they sell traveled so far from other countries. And many fruit are only available in seedless versions (grapes, watermelon, etc). #wholefoods #plantbased
This is all you got? Everyone knew details, it was being reported. And it wasn't classified, but nice try. This is some really weak sauce, you guys are just throwing everything you can think of at the wall, it's embarrassing to watch.
The Corridor of Oaks at Faulconbridge was the site of Saturday's "Declaration of Rebellion" for Blue Mountains residents. http://www.bluemountainsgazette.com.au/story/6413680/extinction-rebellion-blue-mountains-takes-stand-at-corridor-of-oaks/?src=rss …
What it says is that first-hand info was NOT actually required by statute, but the ICIG office was handing out an information sheet which erroneously said it was. The changes made corrected this error.
Not only did she take back the story and admit her allegations were false, the security camera footage showed it didn't happen. So maybe everyone should have waited for the investigation. Her family are devastated, this shouldn't have become international news.
if I don't get rid of the pain in me, who else will?
My life’s got so dull I had a nap n dreamt about going to the shop n getting a lucozade ... help
CANCER PREVENTION WITH 13 ALTERNATIVE TREATMENTS https://keto-longevity.com/what-is-cancer-prevention-plus-13-alternative-treatments-keto-reviews … By Learning What Is Cancer Prevention And How To Treat It, The Information Provided Herein Will Allow You To Best Deal With The Threat Of Cancer Plus Even Cancer
Having the Mariners in your division and going 18-1 vs them didn’t hurt either
The Whistleblower had direct first-hand knowledge about the events in their complaint. https://www.dni.gov/files/ICIG/Documents/News/ICIG%20News/2019/September%2030%20-%20Statement%20on%20Processing%20of%20Whistleblower%20Complaints/ICIG%20Statement%20on%20Processing%20of%20Whistleblower%20Complaints.pdf …
No it was NOT changed Oann, or whatever the fuck, is NOT a legitimate news source.
I always thought i left my make up stuff here wth all the early waking up for nothing
While I was uploading a video on the dogwhistleblower complaint, this happened:
I wouldn’t be surprised if he started the cover up because trump is to stupid to know he did anything wrong
why the hell locals always call them a band instead of kpop group? Arent band and group different?
Just got so scared thinking someone was in my apartment until I remembered I turned on sixth sense in the other room
what has become so funny is how the democrats have been caught in their lies and their base is so deceived they keep believing them............How ridiculous! LOLOLOLOLOLOL....it's so ridiculous. They get burnt over and over and come back for more.... talk about insanity
I feel the same way about passing as male. Like, I mostly grew a beard because I was lazy and didn’t feel like shaving and kept it because I got misgendered a lot less. But at the same time, I hate that I get anxious at the thought of being myself. Back to square one.
Donate or sign up today. 1 child dies every 5 minutes of violence. That is why I have signed up to the  campaign.https://my.polishedman.com/noel-smith
Also I’m tired of the concept that all women are obsessed with seeking male validation.
No, I wouldn't donate to your campaign if you were the messiah!! #QuidProJoe
I refuse to be beat down. I refuse to let the haters win. TwitchCon has renewed my empowerment. #SeeUsHearUs #NotGoingAway
You’re a fool big time fool you’re insulting  plss can you sing at all ?where are you wen the nigga was giving hit back to back!!olodo like you Rubbish sha  you’re a ju
Need to leave Evelyn out of it cuz she was the one who started talking about people's kids why do you feel the need to have her on the show when all she doesn't make you look like a side kick bully
Sidenote, I think I figured out why I don't like that gif. It reminds me of a scene from some movie I saw when I was a kid and a guy got blown up. It was a very low budget effect that basically blowup up a Play-Doh guy. But I was like 5 so it creeped me out then
Did Vontaze Burfict get suspended for the season for the hit on Jack Doyle or because his hit on AB has caused the circus act he has become?
We gotta stop putting all the blame on him lol. They tried to keep running zeke when they shouldn’t have. And those 2 fumbles cost us big.
Ok. that last tweet froze my system, apologies deep state. We are not worthy. (again) I'm SO NOT for whatever is happening to Manning. Its just abuse of the judicial system and very scary to think how loopholes protect the govt but not us.
Is this the kind of “business woman” this country needs? Someone who takes the mic out of mental health and murders animals for fun? #TheApprentice #BBC #BBCOne #peta #huntsabs #mentalhealth #bully    #boycott #KickHerOff ! #bully #CharlotteLion
#ChicagoFire anyone else disappointed in the fact Brett is not at 51 to mourn with her family. Or the fact no one even mentioned her except Foster. I mean their supposed to be her family. No one misses her? #OneChicago #chicagowednesday
I’ve read bits n pieces of the series in the past. I remember it was extremely violent, had sex in it, had great art and it was freaking weird
Been 3 weeks since I hit the gym and let me tell you My arms are numb
I’m so sorry ): ultimately having her out of your life will help you so much and hopefully she changes but I’m so sorry you have to go through the heartbreak of this
speaking of buy lows, I just copped OBJ for Hollywood. should I start the celebration or should I flip him after a big game?
But the vast majority of Trump's *people* will never be able to work in politics again. If he goes down, he is absolutely taking anyone who's lied, bribed, or even just parroted his *talking points* with him.
So we now have two people without clearances or any govt job conducting foreign affairs shit on behalf of the US?
I feel like the new ‘Birds of Prey,’ is going to try too hard to act like Deadpool, but fail (the comedy part).
It hit me when  came to the job today and said bye to the crew. From living and working with you I know you’re gonna be a hell of and addition to the navy. Been a crazy couple of years. See you in two months brotha
He’s the sweetest!!!! he said “OH NO!!” when she started to cry! MY HEART!!
Anyone else give the scissors a little snip-snap before you actually start cutting? Why do we do that? Do we really need to test them every single time?
You should probably tweet to them a 5th time just in case they missed the previous four
nahhhh the meme is right as hell. as a alt black kid, other niggas rocked the alt black kid as a personality trait and looked down on everybody else who acted like “stereotypical black kids” for being ghetto or “hood”, hood niggas always rocked with me cause i rocked with them.
Why are liberals so angry all the time and never have peace and joy?
hi! sorry for the lack of valewood content, school has been intense! here’s a drawing i did as consolation:
This fuck wit should be shown the door. If China thinks they can do with us as they will they will hit the wall. But problem is politicians are lining their pockets with backhanders opening the door for the Red Invasion that began a decade or two ago.
If she can’t kill the creature, at least she’ll try to torture him with endless pampering! "Gentle and loving women are also the most lethal and dangerous. Some still forget what we can do."
my dog chose to sit on the other couch rather than the couch i'm on and i am insulted and let her know it
Choose your one kpop girl 1. IU 2. Sunmi 3. Yuju 4. Rosé 5. Vivi 6. Mina 7. Jimin 8. Seungyeon 9. Aisha 10. Le 11. Nako 12. Yoojung 13. Somi 14. Hyuna 15. TAEYEON 16. Ryujin drop an emoji and i'll send you the questions
Can 11:00 hurry tf up?? I'm ready to get the FUCK!! ASAP
academia needs to undergo its metaphorical burning and rebirth othwewise its going to die because more and more of us are not willing to swallow the indignity just to survive in a system designed to crush us
These conspiracy nuts are finally in charge and yet not one tweet on the existence of aliens.
Did you formchange right before the end of Wrathful Flurry to cancel it and use it again?
All of the above. Any attempt of Trump to actually find out the whistleblower's identity is a felony. It wouldn't be his first.
Trump suggests Democrats are committing treason. Here&#8217;s what the Constitution says https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/trump-suggests-democrats-are-committing-treason-heres-what-the-constitution-says …
Looks like all those jokes about the writers for this season of reality using up their crazy material were posted a couple years too soon. I'm sure we're through the worst of it.
It is patently stupid as Hindutva and RSS predates Nazis. What a pathetic waste of education. Hindutva is few thousand years old and is a collective evolving process. RSS is a social organisation to create greater appreciation of the most tolerant belief system on the planet.
Well I don’t really talk about veganism as much as I used too but I will address this no matter if you are vegan vegetarian carnivore omnivore etc any lifestyle or diet follow you will have a negative & postive affect wether its to animals humans or the environment
The triple threat tricast isn't even there so it could be worse (better)
http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-31084749 … Critical test for Abe: While there was widespread shock at the two deaths, Japanese public reaction to the hostage crisis in general has been mixed. Trump fox news
Harland has got 4 boxes of evidence in his case file babe. We’re talking a class action. And the latest victim is our good ol mate Buzz Steady. He was viciously blocked and attacked yesterday.
Yes, that's the weirdest part. Why not PREVENT the problem by fixing it? Even if you look from a PRAGMATIC point of view, fixing & preventing problems = PROFIT$$$! So why continue to lose money knowing there's a problem & trying not to fix it??
Oh no I just found a folder of old forgotten jpop songs buried in my external. Looks like I'm going to be listening to Yaida Hitomi and Tokyo Jihen for the rest of the night
I understand how you feel, but I'm at the point that I just want it the fuck over! But only if Pence goes too! My mental and physical well-being can't take much more!
Ridiculous-more lies by Operation Mockingbird. Americans are awake and the Dems/Communists/Intel community are scared to death.Just attended a Trump rally in a blue state-the welcoming was http://overwhelming.You are braindead if you don't get it by now.
    is it whoa crazy crazy to offer up Chubb for Barkley with the fear of Hunt coming back and stealing touches?
Barr was hired specifically to deep-6 the #MuellerReport We are not going to throw Mueller under the bus because Barr was allowed to hide the report and make shit up.
Lindsey— DO SOMETHING NOW! Quit the whining and issue subpoenas! Brennan, Comey, Obama, etc. Get off your duff and fight!
I think we both went through that phase of getting drug into discourse and acting like jackasses together while getting out together about the same time so I feel this.
I haven’t even been to the gym in over two weeks. There’s a tendon in my back that’s been in spasm, and I aggravated it on Saturday, helping my client stand up. I’d kill for some trigger point injections right now.
"With anyone"... so if you were in a legal battle with a crime boss and they threatened your life you would have nothing to fear? What if it was corrupt sheriff or threatened to plant drugs on you? Or maybe you boss threatened to fire you? Those are the kinds of issues at play
This is the type of Social media post that we are supposed to report when we suspect an act of terrorism. "If you see something, say something"- Q
it is offensive in English bc of its use in describing mental disability or uneven development, when used as a pejorative. it can be used in other ways, but it is not recommended due to the offensive use
I'm very concerned about this too - the WB, Schiff, other Dems. Don't take this the wrong way, but I'm actually worried about Rudy, Pompeo, Pounce - they know shit...just like Epstein did.
A student tried to use me as her alibi for being late to class. Much to her surprise I was standing behind her when she told the teacher. #false #shocked #middleschool #assistantprincipal
What is their treaty violation? I didn't see that in the call summary (It isn't a transcript - just to clarify. That would be even worse for Trump, which is why he put it on the secret server, where it doesn't belong). How in the world can anyone defend this buffoon?
I do understand where you're coming from but I just personly believe it's a slippery slope to be too cautious over movies. The fast and furious movies don't get people worried about tanks chasing modified cars around Manchester. Swings and roundabouts.
i have become one of those people who say things like “can you believe it’s october already?” and “this year has gone so fast” and “i long to experience the heat death of the universe”
I ain't eaten meat in almost a year, because of what they do to it or eggs for that matter, everything else is organic wherever possible. It's insane the amount of products that contain egg whe there is absolutely no reason for it to be used in the first place.
Cold day I swear !!! You females sound very ignorant saying that “ He KnoW wHeRE HoMe iS “ , so why he be at the other house then ?
People got too much shit to do and as soon as the next news cycle starts, he’ll be forgotten. I think his bot followers got him overconfident.
Nah dead ass, my ex and I did this shit 2 years straight and it was the most toxic relationship ever.
At the same time the birth control becomes mandatory. The human demography MUST BE controlled since humans are guilty of the planetary chaos that can finish with life on earth. What are you doing for that?
Oh I will. The Zoe Quinn shit show can't be solved with voting however.
Don't you have some old people to assault? Is your bike lock on the ready?
Updated The account of  is back up to proper numbers. 3 accounts suspended. 3 back up. Not today theocrats...
I liked him too a lot since they debuted, thought he pronounced himself about the one China about the HK protests and I stopped following him. After all it's all about money :(
He mad he couldn't shoot the shot and blaming her by whining and making up overthinking the demise of a year old relationship. Dude really!!
This takes the cake. How self unaware do you have to be?
He's a very, very ill man. This is only the tip of his psychotic iceberg.
The bible is full of facts Talking snakes, Enchanted apples, Women being made from ribs because Adam was bored, God messing everything up so badly he had to send a flood as he couldn't fix it, I take it you don't subscribe to the "God the rapist" theory?
You are still clueless to the whole situation the FACT that Biden used his power to have the prosecutor fired...
"Nigeria" the only Nation that provided her citizens with all human resources and free from natural disasters. Only for her citizens to bring the country to destructions. I weep.
Not loving this auto refresh feed Twitter's got going on. Now I lost the tweet that was promising to be a shitty take.
Wait, the left says there's no such thing as gender
I agree, but it'll never happen with Moscow Mitch & his minions controlling the Senate. I'm amazed after 2 1/2 yrs of lies by Trump & his Admin., along with that of the Repub's, how many Americans haven't the common sense to know they're all corrupt & destroying our country
I don't know why the Mueller report itself wasn't grounds for impeachment. I do know prosecution for the crimes they declined to make a decision on, in order to sidestep the DOJ policy against indicting a president, will be on the table if he is removed.
Sturgill Simpson, he went there didn't he? Where is the there there? I don't know, but I like it.
 Before you decide to stage our President in the back check what his approval percentage and then you'll in the Senate and the Congress? You guys are so arrogant. It's time for a change and it's not the President.
Things I saw as a 2015 Reylo -ashgate -“now that we know it’s hux” -antis writing 60 word hate fix -the Reylo tag on tumblr being that Elmo gif -being told we ruined the color purple -“siblings” theory that is STILL going around -AMAZING FRIENDS/FANFICS/ART/META -vindication
Niree and I just had a whole argument about who be talking like who like son you are 8 I don’t want to be you you want to be me the hell!
whenever i work 10-6 i end up just feeling so fucked up for the last 2 hours and all i want to do is smoke weed and go home and even now with 7 minutes left I'm like get me my pipe!!!!!!
Its all estimates over a dozen different sources. Its not one number. But each source has a method and reason they picked those numbers. By 1993 15 estimates published numbers over 700,000. You gonna debunk them all? CDC 20 years later fam up with similar numbers.
Obviously you don’t know the difference between do and due, so you’ve already failed.
I straight up joined the Marine Corps because I didn't want to join a weaker branch than my ex, but I have been saying that I'm not competitive my whole life
Fuck it !! Only our leaders got the in independence
what is the age difference btwn you n yr bias? woojin: same age woong: 2 years dino: same age seungkwan: 1 year wonu: 3 years sihun: same age myunghoon: 2 years midam: 2 years keumdong: 4 years seunghun: same age seungyoun: 3 years eunsang: 3 years
Democrats are desperate. They opened the door. They will destroy themselves.
Tenía años sin volver a ver Malcolm in the middle :’)
Ephraim....! Ephraim... [They can't stop seeing a repeat of the Siegmund going into his chest. Loptyr wouldn't have missed his attack if Julius hadn't... uhg]
shut the hell up. I don’t want to be here, you don’t want to be here.
Debrief: Sorting out the NFC after early chaos - http://www.nfl.com/news/story/0ap3000001060828/article/sorting-out-nfc-after-september-chaos-bears-up-falcons-down …
That's only part of the problem (teaching "anti-racism" in math classes). The other problem is (I bet) those "lessons" will only be targeting Whites about their racism. No concern with Hispanics' racism toward Blacks, or Blacks' racism toward Asians, etc.
That drives me nuts. There were not the reverses. Only two. It was a double reverse.
Ohh.... street tacos is one of the things i miss the most from Texas!
Barr, Pompeo, Giuliani and Trump are all traitors, should be tried for treason and imprisoned for the rest of their lives.
i require 24/7 attention because i have the emotional stability of a toddler with separation anxiety
“You sure you can handle the pounding~? Because if you think so then I’ll pound that ass of yours~”
I’d be surprised if Apple makes a similar product; the Galaxy Fold is too big for a phone and too small for a tablet imo. The price tag is also too inhibitive.
When the People are more up to date with the crimes committed by a fake prez than the GOP
Weekends have gotten more and more boring over the past few weeks
mfs who smoke pens be like "im high bro" nah fam you just dizzy from the rat poison that's all
You judge her harshly despite her wealth, at least as I’vevread your tweets about her for the past couple of years.
Agreed, but you know what else wouldn’t be the same Rob? One that uses his wrestling offensively because that’s something we have yet to see
If Kevin ever gets into war I need to see a video of the beat down
I swear my mother is trying to kill me with the heat. It was nice knowing all of you.
Apparently I scared the shit outta my hamster... All I did was walk through the door and she gave me a petrified look. What the fucking Hell? Right after she was watching something I couldn't see last night too.
My building has terrible signal for an antenna and I would like to have the option to record. So lame. The poster is from Universal horror nights. Thanks.
Now I must wait on my non driving ass cousin to scoop me from the airport .. This about to be another hour
They're calling for thunderstorms on the first day of October. If that's not the best way to start spooktober I don't know what is.
WHYYYY they are so arrogant they are just rolling on with the plan when the house is on fire
I just completely disagree. To me it’s hard to justify NOT playing him with the lack of creativity in this team.
You mean investigating a blow job in full view of the public & then impeaching him for lying under oath about his sex life? You can just sit down. This is a thousand times worse & we all know that if trump has to testify, he’ll perjure himself twenty ways from Sunday. Sit. Down.
R.I.P Bigs.. still no paint Defense fix.. way to listen to all the SG's .. NBA2k20 = Small Build Basketball
.  on his call in show, "After the game the message was short and sweet, It was not good enough in any area" But he added, "We're going to fight our way out of this" Listen to the full show via podcast: https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/uk-coaches-radio-shows/id1294851201#episodeGuid=tag%3Asoundcloud%2C2010%3Atracks%2F689227456 …
When i worked at the cinema some pissed man threatened to write a bad review about me on the company fb bc i made him a deal with discount
Historic would be you out fixing the homeless problem and worrying about Californians. Not rubbing elbows with rich and famous. Go have a dinner with homeless family. Oh wait. You are more worried about non citizens. You are just another a-hole left politician
Emailed  18 days ago (replying to an email from them) about a package which has gone missing. Absolute silence for almost three weeks. Which is pretty unimpressive, TBH. I wonder if I'm still inside the time limit for doing a chargeback
You're the one trying to say we don't need them elaborate. Burden of proof is yours.
Hello , Please ignore the sms if you never requested for an account opening.
Bad kid. Was a nightmare for teachers, arrogant, loud ass mouth, always talking to everybody... im totally the opposite today tho (cancer sun, gemini moon (duh), cancer mars)
 the offensive game plan reminded of the OC last year,super conservative!!!!
co-ed academia and its consequences have been a disaster for the human race
If it comes to the worst case scenario and they hire somebody even worse, at least they'll accelerate their plummet to the bottom
been a long time since someone rly actually fucked me up so once again I ask: where is the femme sadist I need
So again--one more time--please give us the references to the "scientists" who prove that if we don't succumb to the Greta's and AOC's deals and the will of their handlers, mankind will be doomed and go nearly...
Crazy crazy crazy. The shit I deal with on the daily is crazy
So can Barr be the maximum unethical whore that Trump finally found?
Nonsense thief n useless man parading as a man of dog not God cause u don’t know God. Biafra all the way no going back. U can take ur nigeria no wahala. Ndi Ala n deceivers everywhere.
Tonight's the Raw Season Premier! Do you think we'll see anything crazy tonight? If so, what will it be? #RAW
This is ridiculous. 7p makes way more sense. Cards and Braves fans can all see that, you don’t have to worry about afternoon shadows in the middle of the game or 90 degree heat in Atlanta
He better coming from the wing that sole 9 can't help him at all Worst part is martial has his problems too... January can't come sooner
IM SO EXCITED my birthday is 27th of october. I rise from the dead this time of year
Oh no! sad news --- loved her voice...heard her live for the first time in 1987 at the Met singing Elisabeth in Tannhauser...divine! memorable performance....
Majority?!?! The man lost to Clinton by nearly 3,000,000 Votes in 2016. That combined with Aid from the Russians, and flagrant gerrymandering which manipulated both who could vote, and electoral distribution, this man truly is an illegitimate President.
I like many of the movies he directed, but I do not care for his politics or his Twitter behavior.
thank you but that doesn’t change the fact that I’ll steal your icon soon
Graham, the bigger "worse" picture is that civility is dead. People take out their camera phones and not ONE F-ING PERSON STEPS IN BETWEEN because it IS the right thing to do
Tech will lead the way but 50% of pollution comes from Asia. This is a global problem of significant proposition.
once upon a time, i was at a high end spa + a kid was on the floor, laying in front of the elevator (only way in or out), having a full tantrum. i had to step *over* the child to get in the elevator + his mom was like, “ignore the mean people, jacob, they just don’t understand.”
Its does no such thing - as well as the NYT reporting that Ukraine did not know funding was being held up until one month AFTER the call. #nopressure #noquidProquo #no mention of any hold up on funding (or anything about funding/aid) during call
Doesn't look like a complicated build. I bet if we could get our hands on some plans there are 15+ fabricators in the area who could pump a few out.
Vintage - Disney Dick Tracy Promo Satin Jacket Size : Large $100.00 Burbank Location & Online • • • #TheMagPark #Sneakers #KOTD #OOTD #Sneakerhead  Magnolia Park
Don't care what the internet says about Bray Wyatt & Seth Rollins, in the live event. It was a Live Event...meaning NOT on TV. How many times has WWE done dumb shit with protected Wrestlers off camera? A lot. Bray is still strong & he's still going to demolish Seth at #HIAC #RAW
i cant get over the fact that they gave him a sparrow like damn give that rude guy the soarrow
 I'm do tired of seeing and having to listen to Chris Hahn on Fox he's a real Democratic tool and it's not healthy for him to get so upset all the time
You don't even know the difference between a Horse & a donkey! Get lost Get bent Get a life
useless gang stand the ####up its useless meme time
Barr has a slew of criminal referrals from Congress, dummy. They've known everything since 2017. It is over for the dems.
Who and how the heck do ya cut a pizza into thirds? Let me get my protractor!
I’m deeping the fact I’ve not left the country ONCE this year and I could jus die like wtf
bitches is jokers.. going out super duper sad on the regular!
The new #Raw set is not fantastic. It's lazy. THIS is fantastic. You can't even compare the creativity put into the two.
https://youtu.be/M_s42rAvIlQ Trump defending his actions and demonstrating Democrats are guilty of what they accuse him of. Seems a trait of the Democrats lately when your about to be investigated, blame your accusers of the same crime your guilty of - who of thought ?
Tommy done killed everybody including the director.....
“Grown man in a banana costume throwing a very large purple dildo the size of my forearm at my car windshield yelling “send it”” SCREAMING
Might being the operative word. There is MAGA core that would shoot men, women, and children at the edge of a ditch if given the chance.
 The  should just have  standing by to arrest him and anyone else refusing to cooperate.
Go back into the #impeachmentswamp with the rest of the corrupt administration, leave the American patriots alone. #shamefulGop past and present.
; i just had the worst dream and now i’m sad & shaken up lol
It’s really the insecure people who are making all these rules for what things mean to them not usually the person saying it
Of course it is all a cia story. Everyboy saw Khashoggi fleeing from the embassy disguised as his own double
Establishment GOP does the same, just more sneaky about it.
And yes, the bias is ridiculous. Just because we dont win pretty? That's just Florida football. We win the big games, that too, is Florida football.
Feels absolutely weird not hearing the voice of  calling a WWE PPV.
Lead with his shoulder. A bad hit? Sure. But momentum on both their parts caused the hit. He deserves a fine but he didn’t do it maliciously.
It is and it makes me super sad. ): I've passed on talking to people if I saw them ignore someone based on status. Not someone I'd want to do business with or have around in the first place.
“81% of #Latino voters in Texas r concerned about #racism-motivated #GunViolence & that the Latino community might b targeted again in attacks similar 2 the #MassShooting in #ElPaso...” #WhiteSupremacistTerrorismhttps://www.houstonpublicmedia.org/articles/news/2019/09/27/347475/most-texas-latino-voters-fear-gun-violence-driven-by-racism-according-to-poll/ …
There’s a kid trying out trench coats and laughing behind me in the thrift, time for me to get the hell outta here
*chefs kiss* we fighting if she takes it off the setlist
As a NYC resident I lived there pre and post Rudy and will be forever grateful...he needs to exit the stage, forthwith. His TV appearances are a disaster.
Austraya's biggest Liar with the world's biggest Danger - A Raving Lunatic President of Dis- United states of America ..... Who probably Interfered with Australia's Election.....
Yes. It is time to stop the madness. That’s why trump is being impeached.
He shrugs a bit at the question, wincing with the action. "I... I couldn't remember if anyone I knew was proficient in the art beyond healing a paper cut, so I just kind of. Forgot. That, and..." A soft frown crosses his lips, shaking his head to dismiss the thought before--
everytime I go there I leave the store somewhat erect
I’m so confused with the gun.... why would you do that?
Pugs (and most dogs with smooshed faces) make the ugliest noices ever and no one shall change my mind :’)
And no I'm not throwing shade on President Lincoln. I just started doing a lot more digging into the civil war.
You would think that they'd find out at least who they are before make a fool of themselves on the internet
Traitor. They're not friends they're the enemy and you have colluded with them
UPDATE #2: Called travel agent to cancel and rebook to main economy. After 45 minutes, said it was "all set." Check confirmation email: Agent booked TWO TICKETS with the same itinerary to me, charging me over $2400. Guess what I will be doing tomorrow morning at 7 AM!?
And exactly what have the liberals done to and for all of the groups she is concerned about. How their words are shallow and meaningless. Trudeau’s actions on almost everything has been either incompetent, insulting or insignificant. The liberal record is shameful!
There will still be a limit of 25 kids and 85 schollies, it isn't like schools will have unfettered access to players. Also, with the schools likely handling the bulk of the work -- okaying the endorsement, tax paperwork, etc. -- it won't be like the wild west.
Do the cops not watch his Instagram streams The fucker threatens to kill someone at least twice in each one
Amazing how self-absorbed people don’t understand running for/holding the world’s highest position means everyone’s digging up dirt 24/7.  could have continued to fly under-the-radar, but instead let his ego drive him to a possible prison sentence #Impeachment
 it’s when my Bluetooth is ear buds die and I have to use my earbuds that I reminded how stupid it really is that I can’t charge my phone and listen to music at the same time.
Fuck u lol... i need the clout more bitch... no retweets for u
The last two cups suck! I spent over a hour trying to break the 10k marks for the last couple.
//I get paperwork in the mail, I automatically fill it out and put it back in the mail. My husband gets paper work, it sits for weeks on end till it's due! Ugh
TFW you still have to work cuz you're the only loser here who discovered crypto *AT* the 2017 ATH
It seems the real problem a lot of journos have is that they don’t think Article II means what it says.
∆ The forbidden fruit ∆ [77.1] [Segunda-feira] "Como você está?"
Picture Photo Star Wars behind the scenes 1602 https://ift.tt/2oGUxEg
I ain’t gettin active on a Sunday no more - I feel like Karlie Redd when Joc left her, the first time. Hurt
What the heck is this about? This is ominous. They are planning on retaining power at all cost. Nazis, Russians and American turncoats. I seriously hope our intel agencies are on this. #impeachthemall
You forgot the part where the countries who apparently helped are going to tell Barr all about their involvement in the conspiracy.
Life becomes easier when you delete the negative people from it. #InspirationalQuote
What? Blasphemy I would stop going to that church and it’s false teachings quickly I’m sure if the second coming was here it wouldn’t be somebody talking about climate change that is the most ridiculous thing I ever heard. Don’t talk about god but climate change and how dare you
Newt....this is nothing more than a continuous attempt to overthrow the President of the United States of America. If what they are doing is Treason ( which it seems to me it is) they should be round up and incarcerated and put on trial for Treason. They wouldn't be missed.
The “it’s a new industry” and “I’m just a kid getting paid 5 figures/month I didn’t know if mattered” excuses are getting tiresome and the court systems are going to get to that point too. There’s a lot of money changing hands for us to still be legally ignorant or unrepresented.
Attack Of The GONGOs: Government-Organized NGOs Flood Warsaw Meeting https://www.rferl.org/a/attack-of-the-gongos-government-organized-ngos-flood-warsaw-meeting/30191944.html …
I must be a idiot or some shit for people not to really understand or appreciate shit I try to do, and Denaira the only person that understands how I feel and the only person to actually keep em real
Guyger is obviously immoral and narcissistic. Could she have deliberately committed this murder to get her married lover further involved as the Knight in shining armor coming to her rescue and exposing the affair to the public?
— the same way it does normally, except worse because you have fucking grundies on. i do not miss cheer
LITERALLY NO ONE WANTS TO BE CAT CALLED it’s disgusting and it’s degrading and i’m sorry that you for some unknown reason can not seem to wrap your tiny mind around the idea that hearing “AYE BITCH YOU SEXY LEMME GET YOUR NUMBER” is not the ideal way to get someones attention.
Former Sonoraville standout Kenny Cooper will miss the rest of the season for Georgia Tech with an injury but redshirt and return next season for a fifth year of eligibility.
I screwed up my Rotator Cuff at the Gym a while back, PT was the only thing that helped!
I ave At The Trap Mon-Fri “BurgerKing” Panola Road It Ain Hard To Find Me Period
 When Obama was President Fox news & a huge #of right wingers twisted & distorted & demonized & lied about everything Obama did. It was disgusting. Now its happening on the left. Truth & human flourishing/well being should be our priority. Not tribal affiliation.
These little bitches are forgetting that shit on the internet is FOREVER bitch. People dont forget
I’ve been normal n not drank for like a week so it’s time to go off the rails I think
V late response but every time I'm on a plane I get into some weird "wow we made this flying machine what the fuck is life" mood at some point, I even wrote it all out in a notebook on one flight.
What if you don’t want to use these clearance centres? Say, for instance, your smuggling un regulated stuff to or from the EU......
One hundred forty five The worst way to miss someone is to be sitting right beside them knowing you can't have them. PopMYXTuesLove KIANO  |
SALARY INCREASES FOR CRITICAL SUPPORT STAFF. Under our proposal, the pay scales for teacher assistants, nurses, school clerks and other critical staff members will be restructured. In the first year alone, they will on average receive an immediate pay increase of over 8 percent.
Want to protest these criminals? Vote PPC the only guy not bought off! That's how you protest!
It's been my biggest complaint with the ESPN promotion of it. They have literally 9 hours of daytime time talking heads with the same 5 stories and they can't squeeze in a segment on any of these?
—her stomach. “I’m sorry, we don’t have to talk about this if it makes you feel uncomfortable.” She didn’t want to think of the possibility of giants. She had enough to think of with winter nearing closer and closer each day. Nottingham lost too many people last year, and she—
There is a treaty put out by Bill Clinton that allows a president to ask for help of a foreign country to look into illegal or questionable behavior of an America. The president was asking for assistance with the corruption in the 2016 election. The other guy brought up Biden.
It’s the same server Obama had. Bush had. Clinton had. Freaking has-been actors.
Why ig so low on the list? I think they deserve 5 place at least
Lies by leftists. The news debunked your BS about white kids yelling at Indians. It was the other way around really. Watch the whole video.
No.. Adam is going to fight the good fight and your POTUS  should simply resign, along with  #AGBarr      and MANY more!
What’s up... Trump doesn’t seem terribly concerned about the border or caravans. But kids are still in cages!!!!!!! #MSNBC #CNN #Hardball #TrumpCivilWarThreat
Oh you mean the criminal DemoRats attempting a coupe d’etat?
I can’t believe the health department shut down kurths. They childish as fuck for that...ppl from NORF Philly know what I’m talkin bout.
I lost it at "snsd you haven't disbanded yet" I've heard that line so many times why is this so accurate this is too real I hate it and love it at the same time
And the ignorant ass said he did it! That memo did not help your case. Did you even read it????
How I was raised we don’t feed off the weak we help the weak
LOOK AT THE ROAD WHAT ARE YOU DOING !? OH GOD OH FUCK WATCH OUUUUT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
We'll see, maybe they've really got student mobilization figured out. Otherwise, if it's small numbers, suspect they'll just go on the pedestrian area
Because they were not building for season 2 initially. You seem to be ignorant of this. They had a roster, they liked the roster. Near the end of stage 1 they made the radical decision to cut half the team and bring in some Korean players. To get sinaatra. It all started there.
He has to be prosecuted. Otherwise, there’s always the risk he will rise again.
No I dont understand it! From even before he took office hes been a piece of s$&t and has broken the law and has done things that would have gotten any other president impeached
Eric Holder, was the first sitting member of a president’s cabinet in history to be held in contempt of Congress. That made him the only sitting Attorney General to be... http://phoenixteaparty.ning.com/profiles/blogs/eric-holder-possibly-the-most-corrupt-attorney-general-in-the …
Sure impeach all the Republicans..not one will lose their job. Senate runs the show. Sorry it is not commie fornia.
Oh fuck no As cool as he is Im glad i no longer have to hear the ball crushingly loud roar every 2.5 seconds
the worst thing abt everyone goin nuts over promare right now is that by the time i actually get to see it and can also bust a nut about it yall will be burnt out on it and have moved on to yelling about pokemon & death stranding i guarantee
It’s not hearsay when everything was confirmed by the transcript released by the President himself. They released it all, confirming it was actually said. Not hearsay. This isn’t hard.
And restricting the size of legal magazines will stop those that have acquired a firearm illegally from using an illegal magazine to commit an illegal crime against humanity?...
Officially at the stage in my life where almost all my friends have kids and those kids are in school....with fundraisers....so many fundraisers...help me I’m poor.
I want a child. But the way the world set up today if somebody touch my kid I will kill you and that’s on everything the thought of somebody harming what’s mine
A desperate PPC stunt, with help from the Rebel, to create anger at Scheer among his base, and a mass exodus from CPC over to PPC. Only, it's not working. Ppl are seeing through it.
Excalibur auto repair the metal three for three terror attacks on bus 383 those are the terror attacks the water guttersthatstick out. zima
Your side bitches about the "camps". How do you have overpopulated border camps and not have a border crisis? GTFOH
Is it too soon to be buying our costumes for the Chupando music video shoot in Mexico??? Heck no! I got paid today and went straight to the gothrennyc store in NYC to pick up a new cloak…
“A captain must go down with his ship.. I say as I cut the fuel lines and jam Jacobs seatbelt”
What pisses me off is if you call that you have to consider the illegal contact. It’s a trash call. You can’t allow a DB to initiate contact then call the WR for getting him off of him.
Elvis Presley, Oprah Winfrey, William Faulkner, Jimmy Buffet, B.B. King, Jim Henson, Muddy Waters, Tammy Wynette, Tennessee Williams...just a few others from MS. Like the lady said, where are YOU from? #hater
Yea im not gonna lie i love Tyler but in this He’s the weakest link
#Trump started securing the transcripts away from possible leakers by transferring all to a different server, but #DeepState spooks gonna find a way to leak (even if it's by creating a false 'urgent concern' complaint & have Dems sicced on the new episode of #OrangeManBad #coup).
Another life just lost in #California. #POTUS, please end the suffering. #BackfireTrump
No worries--we're e-mailing directly in batches so the quantities aren't in the e-mail, but whatever number you picked will be on our sheet and we'll be able to accommodate you (we closed the survey before the trip was full, so everyone's requests are in).
I’m the biggest nerd when it comes to reading and collecting books
If I'm right the famous " elephants foot" is a jumble of fuel and melted rods...even robots only last about ten minutes around it..or so I've heard, know when it'll be safe,in several hundred years some say. One accident, one mistake. I'll take a noisy windmill anyday
Many people have told me that you blow dead dogs by the side of the road.
How about the power to kill a yak at 100 yards with MIND BULLETS! That's telekinesis
I think you missed my point. I was saying a GNU without Corbyn as leader is a mess. I cannot see how it can work in practice given the fixed term parliament act and Labour rules.
“When his historic unpopularity is combined with a scandal that appears to confirm long majority held beliefs about Trump, the result is the opening of the political equivalent of a sinkhole beneath Trump’s feet.”
For some reason Texan schools are rated lower than California's? Weird! It's almost like the government needs money for those kinds of social pr--AAGH MY BRAIN!
She will be one of the worst, but the worst was Paul Ryan. She is following her base, even though they are dumb. Ryan actually fought against his party’s President who had a clear mandate from the voters.
What about the last three games? I would argue the Bengals and the dolphins have the least creative
The worst thing to ever do is drink at work ... my mf Head spinning
when the 'friday news dump' is so big they needed to start it on monday
Knowingly and willingly conspiring to mislead the nation for political and personal gain. Treason Sedition Ben
I’m told it’s illegal to harvest trees in the national forest and set forest fires! Man charged today in federal court after $4.5 million dollar blaze set near Hamma Hamma last year...story  6pm
im being cruel but ff8 is seriously the least fun you could make a ff game between the junctioning and the drawing and all the other nonsense. at least triple triad is kinda fhn
Trying to lick this tweet through my phone while evanescence ‘wake me up inside’ plays in the background, holy shit this is my jam!
  I'm not going to ask "What the hell next?" today, because I'm fulling expecting Rudy to tell us on Hannity that Ivanka carried out the hit on Jeffrey Epstein #ItCouldHappen
Mike Trout is AL MVP, any argument against is just lip service. In the NL, a conversation that includes Yelich, Bellinger, and Rendon is appropriate so long as it ends with Christian Yelich as MVP
I made a big move yesterday. Now it is too late to reverse. I cannot take back my words. I'm scared, but hell, I'm gonna get through this. Fear comes in every life-changing decision. Yet, those fears would seem pointless by the time the moment comes.
Can you do something about the servers allways lagging out so bad that you cant even play... because it happens a llllott
"-- North... He..." Finally the loud crying stopped as he went quieter... "... H-He decided for me... He said h-he wouldn't take me back and... And now I just... I just hurt... And I just want to hurt myself more- I was so stupid! B-But I promised- I promised him I wouldn't..."
Until when the gamebou pins are gonna be available? Is there a limited amount?
OEM AND CLASS A ARE THE SAME DUUUUHHHHH FAKE PA DIN PINAPAGANDA NYO LANG
The constant struggle with taking 5 steps forward and then 3 steps back really hits you after awhile.
Think we’ve talked about this type of thing before mate... pity the fool, they have the right to an opinion. However misinformed he is of your situation. Ignore him.
Argued over the patio that we poured this summer. Turned out perfect. Arguing over the deck for next summer (now warming up to the idea of a bigger deck). Currently bickering about my kitchen remodel men...
You are wrong minded...about everything but for certain the opoid epidemic. Close the S border. You are wrong
I will crush both the common sense and morality, and accept my punishment in your place, as I hold tightly onto the words you uttered when you were fading away. #bot
Great atmosphere, vibe - but the storyline was too splayed. A shame. I saw this while travelling in the US as a teenage back packer. The audience was having a ball, even if they didn't get everything. Michael was scary AF, in this film.
They should allowed us see the bottle as the egg was transporting this fake
I was lying about the ice cream sandwich jk its real
Faddis talks about it the most, I think he has the most envy.
He’s probably the only bright light of this awful defense.
She was an intern, he was leader of the free world. Nothing like what Cheeto Jesus is into, but there's no escaping that was an abuse of power
It is humorous to listen to conservative pundits worry about the democrats having a coherent message.
Because the racist stereotype of a crackhead is a black person who is poor . I would argue it entered the settler vocabulary along with “welfare queen” and other racist ideas
I GOT TO THE PART OF THIS TV TROPES PAGE WHERE THEY’RE TALKING ABOUT CIOCCOLATA AND SECCO AND “The amount of twisted homosexual innuendo between the two” IS ABSOLUTELY KILLING ME
The bumbling is bad enough, but it’s understandable given he really effed up at the outset, and he just couldn’t find a way to resurface. Notice when  is in trouble, though, he leans on his responsibility to send American soldiers to war as a shield. #KevinMcCarthy
Um... #truth alert! Monica "bitched" for 3 yrs abt "Jason wasnt coming in her house!" Only when social services was going to step in. ...did she let baby jason into the house!! Worst history #revisionism ever by #gh writers!!! I wanna choke everytime Monica tells those lies!!
I can hear a voice at the back sed 'my fav did it too they r the first!' ..ARMY like..ok..we don't care the first concept..we care the 'FIRST' in music charts and breaking records..sorry not sorry.. #TheGroup #BTS #PCAs
I appreciate your comment and normally I don’t think he would get involved. With that being said the way he continued to defend the decision after the game made him look incredibly stupid and was embarrassing the franchise.
Say it how it is, the guy was only good on lobs, his ass lazy.
the problem is that 80% is secular & doing nothing.
I have a feeling Johnson may have expected the EU and/or Ireland to reject this proposal. He must have. There's an almost machiavellian overtone to all of this.
I thought disqualified fans said they don't care about big brother again why are they hovering over the comments like a missing daugter from portacort
Raiders make off in cars after stealing the keys from the owners' home https://www.bucksfreepress.co.uk/news/crime/17926939.burglars-take-car-keys-house-steal-two-vehicles/?ref=twtrec …
No lie this is the third day in a row where I’m craving frijols , rice & avocado
Yea but most news stories start with. In Florida. I have a place but not sure what the rents even are down in the area
Sweden’s navy, army and airforce commands are moving out of the capital and into more fortified locations, spreading their headquarters geographically to make them less vulnerable to attack.
The day America needs Russian approval for anything is the day America died. America doesn’t take orders from Putin. Only Trump does.
I don't agree with equal pay because I believe some me are payed too much at the higher level. However, the Women's game needs more sponsorship, investment and advertising. It's grown so much with so many limitations, give them a decent salary at higher levels.
Newer cars has the technology to wipe out the WALKING DEAD (Drugs) now.. Instead, they track the one`s that no! Why crush the cars then?
Honestly the iPhone 11 camera is trash. Sure it takes good close ups but its zooming capability and quality is horrible
When my son-in-law redid my mother's, he named it Helen Keller. He said it was the blind leading the blind.
reminder that dan clermont was accused of sexual assult and the rest set it off isnt that innocent either
How does one politely ask someone to leave them the heck alone? Asking for a friend....
My kids are spoiled af, they never had bologna I’m not giving them the proper black experience.
Baffles the mind until you travel around the country and see how the face of our nation has been completely transformed through illegal immigration and crazy immigration raffles. She has an audience. A big audience. And it’s not Joe Six pack. It’s Hose six pack. Akmed 5 prayers.
Looking a damn fool! Ima call u when I get out the shower gotta pyo
Molly picks up shit on the walk and that's me trying to get it out
1-2-1.......dont forget the Steelers tie for game 1 last year.
I live in OR. We are currently in the process of recalling our dictator posing as Governor, Kate Brown. Ted Wheeler is also going to get out of office bc ppl are tired of ANTIFA being in the city. PSU is losing students due to parent's fear of them so close to the school.
"How Sex Work Turned Millennial Pink: Everything cool gets co-opted, and whores have always been the coolest people in the room," said Jacq the Stripper." https://nylon.com/sex-work-turned-millennial-pink … #sexwork
no workers going to come back to bite you on the ass trump Trump's war on immigration leads to massive new reduction in refugees allowed to enter the U.S. https://www.dailykos.com/story/2019/9/27/1888397/-Trump-s-war-on-immigration-leads-to-massive-new-reduction-in-refugees-allowed-to-enter-the-U-S …
What really shocks the shit out of me is these POS have been wanting to impeach Trump even even before he took office -- and now the Independents and a good percentage of Republicans think that's OK. What the hell is wrong with these people - are they just plain naturally stupid?
the movie ‘a ghost story’ will make you depressed for days wondering why you even exist
the past 5 days have taken such an mental toll on me i cant wait to hand in this stupid e*say and go home and cry
Omg was it? I watched the show at the time but I was totally out of fandom, I have no idea what went on! (And I always take recs )
I was cold and tired so I decided what's the harm of laying down for a minute.... Cuddles https://www.instagram.com/p/B3DfPeHpd1AcacWigbjl4vb-1g6CqQ3US7I6kQ0/?igshid=fcv3evp18lc2 …
Oh, & "I've never seen one talking point from the White House"? Either you're out to lunch, or lying. EVERYBODY SAW THE TALKING POINTS 5 DAYS AGO. THE WH SENT THEM TO THE DEMOCRATS BY MISTAKE AND THEY WERE PUBLISHED IN THE MEDIA. My god. 4/4
“And then we found out Timmy Thicc was never even a real person, but don’t worry children he still lives on today. He lives in the hearts and asses of all of his many admirers”
Question is, why release a PRODUCT, for MONEY, if you can't handle the responsibility that comes with it? Make shit, nobody stops you from making things, great things. But don't expect silence to just fly by. This isn't right to you or your customers.
Geno? More like go sit in a corner with the Pikmin fans you goddamn non existent child.
I walked into the wrong apartment once, I was mortified, apologized profusely and ran out the door. Not even for a minute did I feel threatened by the actual tenants of the suite, and in spite of the suites being identical I knew immediately I was not in my apartment.
Tell us about yourself 1- Marco C. Mamhot 2- Single 3- Never be alone - Shawn Mendes 4- 102 5- Youtube 6- 7- PUP 8- Filipino 9- 0 10- 0 11- 12- 2019 13- 14- If may problema kwento ka lang sakin. Drop an emoji for the questions
how did i wish the wrong person hbd i deserve life imprisonment
I would also like to mention that 4 the salaries of these anchors they will say anything written on the TelePrompTer. To be fair,Hannity was #1, mil, but he’s not a news anchor. Writes his own stuff. Maddow ...? wth do I say about Maddow? Well,he’s liberal.
Do you promise to be out in front of the troops charging the enemy? Oh , that's right, you are a coward and didn't serve.
from time only 42% of Americans possess a passport these niggas really go on like they’re the baddest bitches in the game
Mike Pence can't win against any of them. Trump supporters have no enthusiasm for him. The hardcore religious nuts will, but many Trump supporters are in it for the racism.
The fact that a mother & child died in the fire is of course sad. However the replies to this tweet accurately point out how it could be avoided again.
I’m gonna get out ahead on the narrative before all the outlets eat it up: it looks like Zion lost weight. Coach K can no longer call him fat.
They only attack and harass people that they perceive as weaker they are. They are the definition of bullying. Whenever people stand up to them, they back down. They need to stop preying on people, especially the elderly.
it's seriously been almost 2 years since jungle inferno what the fuck
Absolutely I’m so into this, genuinely excited for it, although it falling the in the same release month as FF7 remake and Animal Crossing is unfortunate
Save your advice, 'cause I won't hear You might be right, but I don't care There's a million reasons why I should give you up But the heart wants what it wants The heart wants what it wants quem diria que eu chegaria na fase que essa música me representaria
Can I kill Chris Tucker with Kevin Hart? Neither one belong with the other 3...
Dems and their left wing media partners are desperately trying to prevent . . . wrongdoing that may have been committed in the course of the anti-Trump Russia investigation . . . from being uncovered.
Why would a teen girl fake a #hoax story about racist abuse? Because of the society we created around her. Rather than patriarchy, we now have #victimarchy The Culture of Victimhood | Psychology Today https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/women-who-stray/201406/the-culture-victimhood …
I think me n ray j would be friends... if we ain’t love the bitch. ye mad he hit it first... only problem is I’m rich!
Unfortunately running the country is not one of them.
I that a majority of those who move away from the rez after high school, realize they some day want to go back. We think we don’t ever want to return to the limitations & hardship, but we learn there is no other place that makes you feel whole than the ground that raised you.
washed my face for the first time in forever and i woke up with a pimple so... that’s hurtful
This has its origins in the Ukraine putsch of 2014; DNC and Republican friends are just collateral damage trying to cash in on graft. There is clearly an internal split in the administration vis a vi Russia policy, or this is a distraction from something lurking in the wings.
Is so saddened that the weaked is trying to silence all the voice of
1st gen here sir who was raised with spanish.. funny how the ones who swear up and down they’re proud of the cultures are the ones most out of touch with it but i digress. argue with ur mothers
#deeplearning #AI #technology has increased the volume of calculations an estimated 300.000 times in the last 6 years.. #costofcomputing #control #openAI #carbonfootprint #greenAI At Tech’s Leading Edge, Worry About a Concentration of Powerhttps://nyti.ms/2lVmNlF
This is pathetic lying, . 1. SO MANY PEOPLE WHO *WERE* ON THE CALL WERE ALARMED THEY TOLD THE WHISTLEBLOWER. 2. The IG forwarded the WB complaint to Congress, as the law required. That kept the DOJ from quashing the complaint that had come to it via the DNI. 1/4
The devil will always persecute you, but God will not let him touch you.
Somebody once told me, President Trump is gonna roll me, and that I ain't the sharpest tool in the shed. WRONG! He brought back all the jobs, made the stock market soar like a meth eagle. Eliminated healthcare for the moochers, and put Jesus back in the oval office! AMEN MAGA
Yup merun right si Mariel to do it, pero ang asawa kasi mahilig magpabida. Keso patriotic yet ang mga anak Australian and American citzen. Walk the talk ika nga. Parang mga preacher, "wag kayo magpakayayaman" pero sila ang mayaman.
Riot Balance team when someone in the office suggests an actual good idea?
And in Australia, the 'favor' was dirt on how the Mueller investigation started--a service requested in aid of Trump's favorite conspiracy theory.
even if climate change destroys us the earth will regenerate so who cares, mankind will become extinct regardless of what we do, it's the evolution of things
SOB does have a pencil head? Do the have a pez dispenser in California?
So #StarWars is for everyone right? #MarkHamill attacks a family who he disagrees with their politics when they post a picture of their 3 year old dressed as a Stormtrooper. A 3 YEAR OLD CHILD! I thought the #GretaThunberg thing said we can't make fun of kids though?
Deep down, you know you love him but, you don't wanna accept the fact she fell for another nigga
The media completely ignored the DOJ press release issued the day the conversation transcript became public. Durham is exploring other countries role in OUR intelligence services' counterintelligence investigation against Trump campaign in 2016. The Left is terrified.
Maybe Trump thinks if he does enough wrong there will be so much to go over that nothing gets done about it, kind of like the simpsons episode where Mr Burns is afflicted by so many diseases that they all keep each other in check to prevent any damage to his body.
If you were left behind that wall Derek, should i try to help you, or abandon you? Your comment reminds me of the days when homophobes would suggest the gays should be rounded up in a field
Nigga gotta suspended from the NFL for helmet to helmet. That’s some sucker shit.
Hey, I heard from a military intel source that Adam Schiff took a 7.8 million dollar bribe to sell out the USA. What form do I sign?
We got mad room here since sobe officially claimed the bathroom as his new bedroom
Disappointed! Finally finish handmaid's tale season 2 (nowtv wouldn't work in my bedroom, don't judge me!), hoped to start season 3 but the last ep of season 3 drops off all 4 tomorrow! Anyone have any idea if that will be coming to ?
The Google dialer. Or it's features. Specifically, when a call comes in that's been reported as spam comes in as such. Better spam reporting features.
AND you just know had the child tripped the server and been hurt, these parents would be flipping out.
I accidentally dropped the condom for my magnum dong
Mahalo. All the Dem candidates are flawed. Liz has the anti-corruption issue, but her faith in government is appalling. Uncle Joe has severe Uncle Joe issues. Kamala is a SNL parody. Bernie is a pillar of salt. Pete is wrapped so tight... Someone must seriously evolve in 90 days.
I got ill directly from the shot when I was a kid Haven't gotten one since and haven't had the flu either
I'm still waiting on this "Mueller Time" thing that they kept hollering about. All I saw was an old man who had no idea what was in the report that had his name on it.
I do. The evil she perpetrated has to have consequences.
Another impeachable offense, threatening a Civil War in the Republic you swore to uphold....nice!
I miss the Xbox 360 days... toxicity was unmatched during that era
Just in from the gym. Got a total of a 4 hour workout today....My husband met me at the gym and went through each of the machines with me. Some are "high tech" and I had no idea how to use them. I did 45 minutes...
Why are u liberals for all this globalism crap!? Liberals used to protest and riot at globalist meetings like the G8 and crap. U guys going to let your hatred of Trump embrace multi-national corporate (b/c thats what it is, even the EU stated as a free trade pact) globalism now?
walking back in there with a blonde wig on, asking to speak to the manager and demanding a refund bc it wasnt my fault that the bag was faulty ;c
Stop using plantations as wedding venues. Stop reducing it down to pretty places and landscapes. Stop the "in the name of preservation" BS.
The more the tide turns against him the more dangerous he will become. I have no faith in the people around him that they will stop him from doing something ungodly when it becomes evident that he is finished.
of course its a lie. further its a distraction. does it matter how  got caught for his illegal behavior? The issue is his attempt to extort another head of state, an ally, for his own political gain. Nothing else is relevant. #ItsTheTranscriptStupid
Those that scream the loudest have the most to lose....Q
Me: I’m not betting tonight Friend: I kinda wanna take the Steelers Me: We’re on the Steelers tonight
Busy seriously, why was I banned from the Maydale railway?
As my second tweet, I just have to state the painfully obvious: Donald Trump smells really bad. He stinks worse than my litter box. I can smell him from here. I would not lick that asshole for all the tuna in China.
I mean I can block you and the thread will stop, your choice
I'm watching One Piece 011 "Expose the Plot! Pirate Butler, Captain Kuro!" https://trakt.tv/shows/one-piece/seasons/2/episodes/3 … #trakt
Attention  - critique of the Amazon Synod from a South American Cardinal, since you’ve claimed racism is behind most opposition, the good Cardinal puts that for the slander it is
Years ago you said you went to an all-black School and you also said that you didn't really have any black in you when somebody asked you that question. Now all of a sudden you're claiming to be a black Latina? Get the fuck out.
Lowest black unemployment in history. The one who want to work are doing great.
Trump interfering with the regulations individual states have put in place is not small government. Why do you think it is moral to take healthcare away from people, and leave them to die?
I'm in the top of the mountain puffin on clouds and niggas still beginnin
I hope the Australians and Italians both told Barr to go fuck himself.
"I did not know that I was so empty, to be so full." - The Last Unicorn #Quote #RWLSWeightLoss
That's struck me as odd, too. But then, given that he keeps confessing, that's the least of the wonders to marvel at.
Doesn't matter what the liberal house does as the Senate will not vote for impeachment unless RINO's are bought off. Besides who ever heard of impeaching someone for doing their job. Late-day bombshells erupt as impeachment inquiry progresses http://a.msn.com/01/en-us/AAI4JnC?ocid=st2 …
nah they make lots of “mistakes” while moderating and do SOMETIMES take the time to look into reasons for bans or warns those are just my personal experiences when i’ve been unfairly banned and warned
I'm am abolitionist but we'd need a REAL punishment for an old man who sits in the middle seat between two young women when there is an AISLE seat in the next row
root, busybox and kernel headers are present. also a full 'rom' and kernel sources was obtained earlier (^^,) but have too say, the code was a bit messy and much outdated Broadcom tampering there + vendor on top.
The problem with being a secret group composed entirely of people whose identity is based on grievance is they rat out the group the second they feel slighted.
Republicans have more to do with this than Dems..their fake war based on lies is what sowed the seeds of ISIS in the Middle East after the US military went in & engaged in abuses. Not all but enough that outrage emerged..so blame your idols. Their greed for the MIC is at the root
They didn’t lose a game in the second half last year it felt like.
mi hermana le dice a mi hermano: “Armando mira, un ratón... no lo mires porque te baila reggueton”. BITCHHHH WHAT THE FAAAACKKKKK!!!
I hate having an extended brain fart since /shit the fuck do I draw for tomorrow/
#America is doomed to be destroyed. America is the lake of fire in the book of revelation #Bible #Christians #Jesus #USA #2020Elections #israelites #isupk
then you stop thinking and imagine both at the same time
Ik how u loved having freedom and able to do the things u wanna do without restrictions.But damn your daily life is literally the most boring shit I’ve http://seen.My life is boring too but yours worst
In my experience, a lot of tasks for different pieces of the lore tab were that way. Some weekly task that you may just not be good enough to solo, but could melt through in 10 minutes with a squad. The blights in the City for example.
my sister has been pacing around in my room for the past 5 minutes trying to decide if she should still do an assignment that’s already late and i need her to leave so
Me & Quez be watching allll the shows 911, the resident, the chi, power, snowfall, lol we need some new shit
Recruiting doctors to practice in rural America isn't easy. Read this  piece on the only Texas doctor for 11,000 square miles:
After the Obama cabal is questioned under oath, it won’t matter.
Blue Cross Blue Shield: Stop overcharging for insulin - Sign the Petition! http://chng.it/mL2KxnB5 via
All you need to do is look at everyone on the show... then decide if you want Bat-Shit-Crazy (girl), Logical and Sane (Boy) or both to cancel each other out!!
Farmers are getting waivers  - the multi-millionaire farmers are getting all sorts of breaks thanks to tRump! Unfortunately, the mom & pop/small farmers are getting hustled, screwed over, bamboozled. #hardball #msnbc
Now the MSM, specifically the New York Slimes, is saying Trump "pressured" the Australians regarding assisting Barr in investigating the origin of the Mueller investigation. More lies. "The Australian government has always been ready to assist and cooperate with efforts...
I hope the poor and middle income #MAGA folks are happy. They didn’t get noticeable tax relief, no new infrastructure, no lower RX costs, no better healthcare plan, no wall paid by Mexico, no drained swamp, no lower deficit.  #DonTheCon
What's it like to be the worst president in history?
I realize men arent impervious and we can be hurt. Not into the silly machoism.
Pretty clearly, no. Why the hell should anyone else's religion have any bearing on anything I do?
NO ONE! It is exactly the same. Must drive you crazy that you don’t have the name so you could do your spin. It is NOT working. #WorstPresidentinHistory
The further I get into recovery the more I am finding it hard. Growth is so painful, I know it is good for me.. but right now, at this moment, I'm in pain.
For the snowbrains. I have no stories to tell about my dad, to anyone other than family! realized I started doing these tweets on the count of a woman named Belinda looking for her father that I do believe is my father.
D just told me she’s going to the gas station to get drunk ?? I’m omw
(1.) I'm not a Communist. (2.) If you are not actively anti-fascist, you're enabling the #fascists. There is no *functional* difference between #fascists and #fascist enablers.
So when are we going to get one? Barr been on the job nearly 9 months and he has ZERO indictments of deep state players & democrat criminals. #DeepStateStillWinning
The predicate is that an American citizen Carter Page and via 2 hop rule the entire Trump campaign was spied on. Furthermore the FISA court was lied to in order to obtain the warrant. Carter Page was never charged and falsely accused of being a Russian agent
Una no go do giveaway? Not for me. But for the needy
They were just FOLLOWING ORDERS. I want the FOOL who GAVE them THOSE orders.
I'm even less familiar with him, I just read about his death a little bit ago. I've heard the name Joaquin pheonix so many times and I honestly thought he was a basketball player from the 90s, not sure how or why I
Anyone know if  offers anything for kids who don’t want to be scared at the Haunt? I think I remember a light up necklace in years past but can’t remember....
Lying is all you Hillbots know how to do, you learned that lying from your qween but all that lying didn't help her in the end did it? You might want to learn something from that.
Barr will get a big dose of the word "Suggest" when he gets to prison.
So people have gotten extraordinarily creative with death in games, and there are certainly games where advancing the story *requires* you to die (Superhot), but in 1p games it's still always tied to this relationship of player vs cpu, and the only stake the player has is self.
I think what’s bugging people is the idea that we’re supposed to describe wrong answers as being the result of historic inequities perpetuated by racist hegemonists to maintain their unearned, undeserved privilege.
also! the gas station they get warned at is the same one John Henry was killed at in Apocalypse ep:5! ;) seems like camp redwood is around if not the same land that Hawthorne's school for warlocks #ahsnerd
It's 5 o'clock in the morning Conversation got boring You said you're goin' to bed soon So I snuck off to your bedroom And I thought I'd just wait there Until I heard you come up the stairs
Don’t forget how shitty both those offenses are especially the bears
Do you ever just lay on your bedroom floor and accidentally listen to the entire Nick Jonas & The Administration album from 2010 bc same
We already have McHenry, not sure if the team can handle two Neds?
It’s reasons why i act the way i do. Get right or get lost. & that goes for ANYBODY
It’s crazy how the lil “yes sir” meme with desi banks just now getting to Instagram..
House ethics panel reviews complaint over GOP Rep. Bill Huizenga's campaign spending via  for iOS. Another One?Just shows.. Again.. That GOP dint believe in playing by the rules they always accuse Dems of breaking! Straight out of ⁦ ⁩ playbook Slime!
Grave hâte qu'ils allument les chauffages dans ma résidence... J'en ai marre de me retrouver à faire du thé à 2h parce que j'ai trop froid
“Oh my !! The last time a Civil War broke out, they freed the slaves!”
AND I WILL GET THIS DEGREE IDC WHO SEES ME CRYING IN THE PROCESS
If it's true that BTS are gonna comeback in 25th October.... It's a day before the concert...... The final concert is the cb stage WHAT THE FUCK I should memorize the chants all night ;_;
Leave Pakistan & the world a side can U seriously defend keeping millions under siege for almost 2 months with no communication from the outside world no media, opposition or any observers allowed & leaving the people with 950k soldiers arresting all their leadership & 13k boys
Was wondering when Gorky Park would surface. The plot thickens and sickens.
The Israeli Defense Force uses kneecapping shots as a way to break up a riot or protest. Interestingly, they use .22LR as caliber, making it far less likely they'll accidentally do something like turn the protesters' entire legs into hamburger. Do with this fact what you will.
The proposed welfare card which restricts certain spending is saying one thing. “You are so stupid and poor you can’t even be trusted with the meagre amount of money we give you to survive”.
The first game is not until tomorrow night. Could be a bonding exercise with your spouse! And then an opportunity to blame him for any mistakes!
 We are the sensible ones with the guns and on the flip side the anti gun Dems hope one of their own shoots gun to assassinate the president. I am very happy dem are anti gun. Imagine if they actually owned a few.
“I got two moods Sleep is for the weak Sleepin' for a week, I swear Got two moods Drinkin' Hennessy, VSOP and XO Two moods In the Escalade, bumpin' Jodeci subtweetin' In the drop top, whole crew Kinda leanin', tires screechin', baby”
“Cornerstore Caroline” Falsely Accuses a 9-Year-Old Black Boy of Sexual Assault | The Daily Show
#NEW "This book gave me all the feels!" "MUST READ" Broken Promises by  https://amzn.to/2ZZYeqm
It's about time you Republicans get some balls and stand up to these idiots RNC launches ‘Stop the Madness’ campaign to fight impeachment push https://www.foxnews.com/politics/rnc-launches-stop-the-madness-campaign-to-fight-impeachment-push …
Who had no intent on leaving? Cameron? May? Johnson? Parliament? The MIB? I actually think it was very much in May's own self-interest to get Brexit done. It was an impossible task, unfortunately for her.
With the homeless children figure rising am I missing something here Leo?
Sean, as Bob Dylan says in his song, “Times They Are Changing” Tell your man Do no make this any worse than it already is!! Trump should do the right thing! Resign and avoid Impeachment!!
CB is up there, but I'm going with TE for the second toughest position to play. You are basically both a lineman and a receiver. There's a reason that TEs historically struggle coming into the NFL. Blocking patterns, running lanes, blitz pickups, on top of route trees.
Dats why I keep my circle closed, Mfs be weirdos all the fucking time for no reason
On my way home it's raining and I look at the steamed up windows thinking Grease There are worse things I could do
I hope  should look at this event not only at the protesting sector but more at the commuting victims. Even schooling was disrupted.
Don’t your fingers hurt from all the twatting you have been doing? Put the phone down.
Remember when parents were OBSESSED with the razor blade/Halloween candy “threat” back in the day?
you know what's crazy? the fact my professor thinks my blood sugar can stay normal for A 3 HOUR CLASS W/O FOOD OR WATER... after 30 minutes into this one class I have today it went from 160 to 108... If I pass out in class cause of her I will be furious.
I’m watching a Minecraft livestream whilst playing on the server they are on and I FUCKING SAW ONE OF THE PEOPLE IN THE LIVESTREAM AND I ACCIDENTALLY CLICKED THE BED TO GO BACK TO THE MAIN LOBBY I AM SO UPSET
When you've lost , you've lost the racists, pedophiles, common criminals & grifters. Ms. Karma is getting busy but she is having fun.
I really believe, at this point, he just can’t. He’s as far gone as my 75yr old aunt that thinks the White House transcript that they put out.. their chronicled events... is fake news. That’s where I think #DerSturmer is.
Hong Kong fully demonstrated they are capable to fight back the rioters at the same time to arrest the criminal. HK police should learn from French police.
Whoever doesn't have a chance is taking time away from the people to hear from the candidates to speak about issues at the debates. They should drop out
First, college scholarships are exempt under IRC § 117, which excludes tuition from gross income when the scholarship meets specified criteria. In Rev. Rul. 77-263, the IRS held that athletic scholarships fit within § 117 because... 2/
this is one of the most fucked sentences ever uttered
Screaming in the mirror is not “appropriate consideration”
To counteract lying politicians: 1) Change culture so that lies are examined (difficult in Conservative Britain) 2) Get better at encouraging the "non-gut" voters to vote
What a complete #shitshow. Getting beat, at home, against the worst team in the conference on #FanAppreciation day is an embarrassment. We needed the win; #LAGalaxy look very weak entering the playoffs. Certainly beatable. #losersweep about missed calls.
Tw// rape The foster mum implying she lied about being raped wtf :/
The Cronyism is the corrupt Ukraine company hiring Hunter Biden for a no show job, for political favoritism, which was returned by VP Biden. Very plain to see, you need to stop making excuses and just admit the obvious.
The squirrel said “ fuck it I’m done with my life “ I felt that
The best thing my momma got for her blind ass son entering high school
I'm at Valley Center for the Blind in Fresno, CA https://www.swarmapp.com/c/f3GMdKZVQwe
I can’t imagine being suspicious or wary of a politician on account of their independent status. The f is that?
I miss the days where niggas used to beef on Twitter waaaab you reloading they page every 10 secs to see if they responded and shit
It is 8pm on a Monday night and Hmart is blasting Korean club music so hard it’s blowing out the speakers. I would die for this place.
Anyone hear the rumor of a person who accurately predicted all of Trump's scandals? - Democratic Underground https://democraticunderground.com/100212528037 via
Last semester I didn’t have any midterm tests which was amazing.. I just got depressed only once when it was the finals
Idk- maybe he wants her to go down with the ship? A convenient get-out-of-marriage-free card?
If u even hesitate for 1 second at the 4 way I’m going
Swear I’m the only person my weedman choose to argue wit
"you've only been here 4 weeks, why would you be expected to no more than anyone else?" and as soon as my eyes roll, i thought "Damn C, you have a point?!" it literally brought me back to two life lessons/thoughts."Why am i expected to know more things at this agency?I did the ..
Freaking mosquitoes in my room....istg if this mf left the windows open skskjskskdj he’s done for
That is no baby, sir. Look at the hair on the head. Look at the face. That gut. That is a little person, hopped up sugar, who has disrobed at the crazy candy corn kickback.
Why do some people insist on making fools of themselves? I see it almost every day. It’s even more glaring at the market, food places, groceries and banks. Sharp witty responses quiet them though.
Time to Set the Record Straight on Slavery https://www.americanthinker.com/articles/2019/09/time_to_set_the_record_straight_on_slavery.html#.XZKVbQeKs0w.facebook …
I didnt like HRC either. Supported Warren but she didnt get in and when Bernie lost the Nomination i knew Trump would be horrible. It was obvious he was a racist bigoted ignoramus.
You're doing your due diligence by changing arguement but not working in real world outside of the  claptrap....WHY THE CHANGES??? Hearsay is not allowed in ANY court of law in the US.....WHY THE CHANGES....We the People smell Coup d'etat!! Treason!!
Workout number 1 for the week. Gotta get back into things again. Surgery sure did screw up my flow but at least as of right now I’m cancer free. 1 step closer to being on the right track.
Keeping the record straight. Update: Virginia sixth grader Amari Allen now says she falsely accused classmates of cutting her hair. Insincerity, distortion, deceit, dishonesty, lies .... None serve the greater good. #TrustViolated https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/education/virginia-sixth-grader-now-says-she-falsely-accused-classmates-of-cutting-her-hair/2019/09/30/ad0cbd92-e390-11e9-a331-2df12d56a80b_story.html#click=
I wouldn't exactly say he's in trouble, but he could be doing much better than he is and running away with the campaign if he'd open up more and talk about his past like other candidates. Others might use it to avoid talking about their awful policies, Bernie needs to talk about
So embarrassing that a “right winger” from out of state has to clean up the results of incompetence, fraud, mismanagement and corruption. Thank you Scott Pressler  #RecallNewsom #FireGarcetti
I'm gonna go take the hottest shower possible with the awful water temperature in my apartment
Are you drunk again ? Downer is a right wing politician and the ambassador to the UK No wonder you were the coffee boy Good Grief Your 5 minutes of fame is over so time to get back to that job in the cafe
Really, it’s so annoying to see her face again and again... The decent person never will go back to 3 years ago done event. Decent person will go ahead and fight or, ...shut up and nicely go to rest. At the same time who is the decent person - Hillary? I am such a silly one.
It’s Geneva week boys get ready to SEEK & DESTROY and show why Batavia V Geneva is the talk of the week
I’ve realized... it’s always the broke ass muhhfuckas that be so bitter. Ol dusty ass still living in mommas basement ass nigggas.
“The USDA noted a trend of Brazil emerging as the largest U.S. competitor in the global corn market. A change in export seasonality could alter the seasonality of corn prices, further weakening corn prices at harvest eroding U.S. market share, the USDA said.”
THE FIRM ended, and Plex shuffled rolled me right into 1977's NASTY HABITS.
Staff ‘sabotaging’ robot co-workers, study finds Employees are “sabotaging” robots in their workplaces because of fears they will replace their jobs, researchers have found. According to... The post Staff ‘sabotaging’ robot co-workers, st... https://www.personneltoday.com/hr/staff-sabotaging-robot-co-workers-study-finds/ … via
i love shows about murder and crime but i can’t do the mean routes in video games because it makes me feel bad
in Texas.. when we say on the way, you got a good 30-45 mins to be ready.. if you make me waste my gas im beating yo ass
Damn. With all this shit hitting the fan, they still won't stop. They really think they're untouchable.
I get not liking ships. I do. But I s2g some people act like the mention of a ship they don’t like is akin to kicking their damn dog. I get you want the angry boy to be with the rock boy. But why the anger when people appreciate other ships??
The education system bear a part of the blame. They began teaching opinions. They leave out self thought and research forming their own opinion. They leave out fact checking. They don’t teach the importance of civil debate. They teach “don’t question me”.
who the fuck are you to say who is low educated? should we go based on inner cities too where the test scores are low? Man this statement is the dumbest statement I have ever heard. States deserve power because its a democratic republic and that is how our gov was set up.
Those that speak up for us are arrested by so called government officials, We are killed daily by those who are meant to protect us, Kidnapping and armed robbery have become the order of the day, And lots more, amidst it all I am still hopeful that the
Do u really understand the meaning of invasion Sir.Please have insight of this issue and learn more.Stay away from Pakistani tactics and oprtunistic games.Kashmir is part of Indian And no one on this earth can take a inch from us.
Radek Kerr taps one fivehole on the PP and Apex defeats Cardinal Gibbons 11-3
when i don’t know you, i don’t talk a lot. but when your my friend, i can’t shut the hell up.
It’s so unfair of you, Erin, to mislead your supporters, assuming they don’t understand macro economics. You know that Canada’s debt in relation to GDP is smaller than in 2015. You know that this debt is good debt. You know Canada has been in debt since 1867. Tell the truth.
Sadly I believe you are right but I think they have stayed because he hasn’t thrown under the bus yet. I hate that he will be talked about forever and ever. The question is will the future follow or learn from all this mess?
I hate the gay community. They never made me feel accepted or belonged
Sure,exactly what Chi~murder+ #shootingcapital of the US~most needs:A new idiot mayor (like ex-,Rahm) who encourages rape,killing+vandalism,CERTAIN 2follow when her nod goes 2gang bangers+aliens getting off scot-free b/c she's 2prog 2realize the crimes she's invit'g.Pity Chi cops.
listen do you ever crave the long nights of staying up voting like crazy and fandom wars that were literally just who could vote more and when there were shows every night and we referred to ourselves as “harry girls” or “niall girls”
Maybe Dem Leaders are assuming most people are dumb enough to buy it, believing their talking points. Most Democrats must be. The way they vote, and the leaders they elect, provide strong evidence.
“How serious is it that Joe Biden bragged publicly about blackmailing the Ukraine govt into firing the prosecutor who was investigating a company his son was involved with?”
s3 ep 10 of the jane the virgin. no one talk to me . ):
Lol I think everybody did. They be acting like them alone is just doomsday. we used to drink them bitches on the way to Top Gun and not be bad off. This when I was 18-19
Why Rough it ....When you can Glamp it Price Drop for the Glamping Experience in the Napa Valley of Mexico .. Registration opens on FRIDAY The dates are September 25-29, 2020.. Price based on double occupancy…
I think he was scored on the execution of the call, it's artistry, lack of repetition, and of course, he nailed the landing.
Two notables in the last week or so: the triple force friday preview and a new trailer for Jedi - Fallen Order... All I can come up with on the spot... Otherwise... #Igotnothin
Again, it's not your fault. But I hope the people who work on this game actually realize how bad they are. Every game has it's issues. I get that. But I've never played a game that was this broken, nor have I EVER complained this much about a game.
I wonder how many orbiters you just scared away with the word boyfriend.
If this is a recent picture, he looks unwell. Seems that in spite of the malignant narcissisim, the stress is getting to him. Or he is suffering from some illness.
This is 100% correct. Hell, Trump wouldn't even stop at just the country--he's been selling out the whole damn PLANET. Look at his "clean coal" & "windmill cancer" nonsense. He doesn't give an endangered rat's ass that he's helping to destroy the only earth we have to live on.
Big hit. You scared the hell out of me ... My heart beat so fassst
I’m so mad at Kim Kardashian for thinking of the name Chicago before me
So long, Illuminations. You were the best evening show in all of Walt Disney World. Also made for one hell of a Drum Corps International field show
That epic SSRI feel when you want to fuckimg cry but the tears just won’t fall lmaaaaaooooooiiiiiiooooiooolllĺl
Me: I wish my players could be a bit more serious sometimes. Jokes are good and all but they can ruin the grim, savage mood of my Dark Sun game. Also me: Ok, so this NPC is basically Waluigi cosplaying as Jafar, and he's got a quest for you.
Can only get it online too, not in store lol. Clothes is small af make to begin with. I seen a sign outside the store on Saturday announcing it and was literally like.. yikes.
Well no one is telling him to feel embarrassed or ashamed except for the people out their claiming others think that of him. Nothing wrong with being boy. What's wrong is scaring him into believing that individuals exist that hate him for simply being a man.
the video that made me believe she's a man. my 11 year old ass actually thought those rumors weren't just made up
Fuck construction I Be Mf If I work in the killing sun again
The app that makes you look like a lady or a man... made me every straight woman who has a restraining order put on her by a drag queen. Damn.
I think he wants to scare the whistleblower into not testifying! He is a thug after all!!
You by far are the worse legislatutre I have even seen this is your fault
I'm w/you Greg. I'm so tired of what's going on these days. It's exhausting. So glad Dana mentioned Pres. Bush winning the electoral votes. I was so angry& didn't understand how he won after losing the popular vote... No one flipped out back then. What the heck? I mean WTF?
Will Doug talk about the stupid rules the NCCA imposes on athletes while raking in billions? No
Y'all really take the crucifixion of Christ as a joke based on your sinful lifestyle but hey choices have consequences.
Why can Dems accuse the President of wrong doing, when Deep State are still in their jobs? They were liars&spies.Why is spying on our President OK? When a President talks to foreign heads of state he should have privacy. How did a spy get in the White House. Damn good question.
If  wishes to set forth articles of impeachment, she should put it out for a vote first. Circumventing the rules will further hurt the Democratic Party. Or, does she wish to be the one, in the annuls of history, named that singlehandedly destroyed the DNC?
But for the record I DID have my gun just in case that needed to be employed.
And we can all look forward to a. An increase in taxes B. High unemployment C. Destruction of HBCUs D. SBA losing its funding E. US being sold to other countries F. An attack on religion G. An attack on the working class H. COMMUNISM! We just can’t wait!!
The biggest crime of the Jurassic World films is making me feel blah about seeing dinosaurs on the big screen
Call given to participants was awesome,no doubt on it. It's just that with bo co a small mishap if happens,person can blow up his whole acc Money management is also needed. I am sure Mitesh bhai must have conveyed the same to the guy. It's just that I don't trust bo co of brokers
This girl just told me she gets her Mac products for one hell of a discount at the round rock outlets ... guess where I’m going now
That’s right SOB how is it that everyone gets your statements wrong ? You always blaming things on other. Grow some balls you MOTHER FCKR. You are a joke to the world
Seriously, Colt is NOT an NFL starting QB. Neither is Keenum for that matter. The only muddled situation is how do Bruce Allen and Jay Gruden have jobs? They both suck at their job. Bad. #FireBruceAllen #FireJayGruden
What are celebrities doing with their money? Quit wasting that shit on fancy cars and actually put it towards something good like saving the fucking planet.
You need the Second Coming to happen on 'trumpets' so badly that it shows ironically that you will be left outside the kingdom looking in. Because you cannot even conceive that the two events are not connected in ANY way in the #Bible. A memorial does NOT point to the future.
Lol girl I know. I been watching each one franchise since season 1I’m just pissed I downloaded pillow talk and now the actual episode from last night
I DONT EVEN HAVE WORDS FOR WHAT JUST HAPPENED :O 61 NEW SUBS WTF EVEN! Exting with the massively insane amount of gifted subs, bit cheers and donations, Dan with the subs, Mike, Zara, Asmiha, Chris, Atom, Hey_yall,  ,i cant even remember everyones names.. JUST THANK U
I have no trouble believing that Joe didn’t give his blessing for lack of knowledge of the activities, possibly for lack of curiosity in turn, as well. It’s just that my view is that could (legitimately) be a real problem for his bid for the presidency, and rigtly so. Depending.
I don't know. Actually I have same feeling with u. I am so worried . It look like a trap set by #CCP. 1st October 2019 is not a celebration day , it may be the killing day in #HongKong #China70 #HKHumanRightsandDemocracyAct #antitotalitarianism #HongKongProtests
The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon The 7.5 Deaths of Evelyn Hardcastle They Both Die At The End How To Kill A City Grasshopper Jungle (From the past couple years)
Hoping this is going to be like TWD when they got seperated at the prison & we can watch them struggling & fighting to get back together!!! No more batteries for Al's camera!!!!!!!!
#goosegame i made the old man fall on his bum 3 times with moving the chair but it didnt tick, so i resetted and i was rolling a cig so i couldnt be bothered to get out of the box so i honked around him out of spite. soo...you can get him to look at the box then honk and he falls
It’s weird being back and usually change is good but I hate the changes that have been made but oh well.
Damn. I’m tired of being the one that’s always nice
I've been to Disneyland several times recently and have never once waited more than five minutes to get on Smugglers Run. And I went on the weekends! #GalaxysEdgeFlop
They're just getting that sense now? Holy shit, where have they been the last three years....
Never forget, regardless of what you hear from the Mockingbirds... This is a war. A war against the most corrupt organization on the planet. It cannot be won if the actual plan is advertised in the clear.
Ah a fair misunderstanding but I was referring to the middle eastern yoghurt drink
Think the Steelers defensive line will dominate the line of scrimmage and that will be the difference. Also, Butler should put Minkah on Boyd right?
trying to paint when im still shaky as HELL from the massive panic attack i had like 5 hours ago..... ugh. cmon body
What the hell is with this Charmin Ultra Soft bullshit? Back in my day we had 80 grit, and pinecone, and we were thankful!
Ecotopia - sustained attempt to report on the structures of a steady state society (California after secession) which (it transpires en passant) has had to eradicate diversity in order to facilitate ecosecurity. Chilling , because it's almost subtextual.
I respect the hell out of these tweets. It’d be insane if one of these works
PSA: If you’re like me and either can’t make it because your body and mind has betrayed you or just can’t get in to the STH event, they’re replaying the flyers game where the Stars clinched a playoff spot.
Yemini is an alt right fash, a wife beater and he was banned from from entering the US this year for inciting violence.
It's a total catch-22 now. If the dems are guilty, he is guilty of the same damn thing. It's madness...total utter madness...
Why is always a color thing with Liberals? What about the Black soldier who shot several police officers in Dallas? Those "manifesto's,by the way came from crazies on BOTH sides. If our existing gun laws were actually followed, some of those shootings would not have happened.
Word of advice, never go there high on mushroom when the gutter punks are there high on paint fumes.
Men showing their dicks in locker room like they’re alone in their basement.. anti mean smmfh have some curtesy!! Other men are in the locker room!! Biggest gym pet peeve
Black me really don't get loved the same until we get money prove me wrong
Lmao “victimhood” is the kind of language used by offenders and perpetrators. Only biased ppl get mad about calling out of blatant bias. If you actually gave a shit about respect, then you too would’ve called out Dan’s bias behavior and POS comment instead of attacking me or MVP
A powerful Democratic donor’s downfall exposes the mess of drug-induced homicide charges https://www.alternet.org/2019/09/a-powerful-democratic-donors-downfall-expose-the-mess-of-drug-induced-homicide-charges/ … #TuckFrump
When are you going to apologize for falsely accusing the kids that Amari Allen lied about?
#Soraix even if I do not have much interest in the project, I think they are the future of crypto.   #blockchain #SoraixICO #ICO #tokensale #SRX #BTC #ETH https://t.me/soraixico http://soraix.com
Booker: Impeachment inquiry is about patriotism not popularity: Sen. Cory Booker, D-N.J., said the allegations about President Trump's actions on Ukraine suggest the possibility of "very serious betrayal,"… http://dlvr.it/RFDRQB #25thAmendmentNow #ImpeachTrump #TheResistance
What he is saying may seem antiquated and "regressive" to people who have patriarchal grievances but if a man goes out and provides to the point where there is no need for his spouse to work I don't see that as a detriment to society
my bad, i think i would go for the green squire, though acolyte is fine too
Dammit I'm out tomorrow night so now I'm going to have to unfollow The circle Twitter account to avoid accidentally seeing who was blocked before I get home and watch it myself -I'll be back Circle
Ronaldo teleports going to your house so they can check the price of toys to give to their ghost girl room mate
The only dumb ones are the ones that will vote for him in 2020.
We know you’re lying because you released the call summary saying you said exactly what Schiff said you did. And by the way, purely because I know it must drive you crazy, Hillary Clinton is beating you at Twitter.
Convo between me & my manager Brittney. Brittney:I’m going to order chocolate cake and your going to have some! Me:sure, I’ll drown in my sorrows with you. We just need some ice cream too Brittney:go get a milkshake from across the street and we’ll just dump it on the cake
//Well at least a cat would use claws on the bad guy and maybe not steal your sandwich.
I can’t stop thinking about that dumbass tweet saying if you smoke weed every day you’re a drug addict. I smoked weed almost every single day the last 5+ years. It’s been over a week since I last smoked. Would I like a bowl rn? Fuck ya. Am I FIENDING for it. NO
Is the international food aisle at the supermarket racist or convenient? http://dlvr.it/RFDRQP
Tearsa would say the following before murdering me: “Ew, is this what your little hoes used to wear.” “That is not cute.” And several more lmao
I had some the other day... shit SMACKED I went back to the store and they were all gone so now i gotta wait for more
getting existential and emotionally vulnerable at one in the morning is the new sext
To the  drivers: use your boosters. No problem. Now just bumping into you for no reason other than lousy driving skills, just don't. Improve. Drive.
the mom rent a cops just pissed me off. MF IF I SAY MY FRIENDS COMING BACK, THEY COMING BACK. Wtf.
What the Democrats and the Left are trying to do to  is beyond impeachment. It is a coup. They are trying to overthrow the duly elected President of the United States because they cannot accept that Hillary Clinton lost in 2016. #MAGA #MAGA2020
favourite first watches of september #firstwatches #adastra 1. ad astra 2. the hours 3. the master 4. the assassination of jesse James honourable mentions: columbus, i’m still here, you were never really here, parasite, the neon demon, inside llewyn davis
I have a fear of thunder storms this would be the death of me
I can understand the butt hurt over NH, but some change is better than no change. Seeing Hurdle lose the clubhouse and continue to make bumbling in-game and personnel decisions is reason that he should be fired. Whether or not team going forward is a lesser trainwreck is TBD.
I was on Caloric, too. The jockey decided to have him run at the last minute. Shit
I'm the Steve Rodgers friend •90 year old man in 30 year old body •angry at the state of the country •Shield shenanigans •Tired of everything •Movement is extra AF •Can lift Mijonir •America's Ass
There is no impeachment inquiry! The house has not voted for one. What you have is a fishing expedition by rogue elected congressional officials
Shocking number of non-citizens live in U.S. Confirming the largest ethnic shift in more than a century, the U.S. Census Bureau released a survey finding a record 13.7% of the U.S. population, about 44.7 million people . . . Read more here: https://www.wnd.com/2019/09/census-shocking-number-non-citizens-live-u-s/ …
ASTROWORLD soon. This world will die lit soon enough. Feel the thunder.
You're the most lawless, country hating person that is in our government. Leave our president alone and vacate your office
Dogs need your help! Tell Congress to stop cruel taxpayer-funded experiments. - Sign the Petition! http://chng.it/BkzkXmjQ via
I feel for him cause the cunts who were driving got away Scott free and hes left with a career ending injury. Bastards cud ruin our euro Hope's
I remember when I was a kid and did something bad at school and I was just waiting for that phone call to my parents. That sinking feeling in my stomach every time the phone rang. Is this it? This must be so much worse for the GOP scum and it's great!
I'm fine just a little busy right now. Hard to follow someone who doesn't even realize the requirement was changed as it's been everywhere. Sorry, I actually have a life so no time for condescending pricks.
Disagree, my teaching was worse with a prescriptive program. I was reliant on what the program told me , rather than what the kids were telling me.
With all of the marbles in #MumblesMcConnell's mouth… how can anyone understand what the hell he says?! #MitchMcConnell
You can hate us. You can hate Team Babe. You can despise the "rainbows" all you want, but as long as you support the #FumiYam tandem, and you show it, we will consider you our comrades IN SPITE OF all your loathing. Yep, that's the tea for today
I started saying the word mazzaleen as a joke now it’s in my vocabulary, bet people think I’m a right twat
Unplug your head from the Trudeau propaganda machine.
Y’all I think Nashville is a little lame. I’m only like 30 min early for the Lizzo show and no one is here. Is Nashville just always fashionably late? What’s happening??
No. Trump has gone off the rails. There is no reason not to trust or law enforcement, good people doing tough jobs.
I don’t see the problem, give her all of her tings
How are players getting paid for the name out side of the sport hurting the sport? Did it hurt in cricket, track, boxing? A boxer can
the biggest thing stopping me rn is im not sure if my ancient clunky used car would actually make it that far, and if i took my motorcycle i would have to take too many stops to get there quickly enough bc my ass would rub raw dsflhsdgsd
The biggest attack is occurring right now and it’s all from within.
 I would think because of the prior abuse of the Hussein administration that until a change in leadership of Ukraine, NO aid would be permitted until it was assured that the aid would be deployed truthfully upon the People of Ukraine and not into the slush fund?
MANWOL AND CHANSUNG DESERVED THE WORLD IMAOSIJFJD THIS IS SICK N TWISTED
Pierce just runs harder. Trask is decent but can he evade the pressure he is about to see.Can he actually be a threat on a RPO!
Why do people forget that Mexicans,Dominicans,Cubans and Puerto Ricans are black they are based in the west indies
It absolutely blows me away that we (Tech) don't have good relations with our former players. Like how is that even possible? Granted our sports marketing has always been suspect but come on! Recent reports that Fuente didn't meet with the 99 team? WTF all around!
How much did Grimes end up being fined for staging twice? Was the fine doubled due to it being a GF?
Did you know the Sixers haven’t done shit since 1983?
MARCH FORWARD is a group of combat vets that just protested at the White House. Our troops are tired of fighting against poor people in poor countries. STOP YOUR THIRST FOR WAR
Yes, it was very easy to ignore the ugly cry that was actually quite ugly lol.
The nigga with the Bloodied up Big ass nose dude...
He'd tracked us down because the v.v. was losing power - it had been damaged rescuing some orphans from an exploding sun.(M22)
The part where this happened is the part where I gave up reading this comics and half of everything I read drained out to make room for life is strange and the good place
❝... Tell them yourselves. I'm not the one who should be informing them of your plans.❞ Arms are now crossed, her body in a position that meant she wouldn't go anywhere. ❝I don't want to keep you here. But leaving is not the answer.❞
Incredible how different this answer is from basically the same question  was asked. “I need to go look at the film” is an excuse to blow off media when you know you played like shit but can’t admit to any wrong. Every QB knows every throw they missed, own it Kirk.
Bitches who think they’re bad af until they’re face to face with the real thing
Too many people have opinions on things they know nothing about, the more ignorant they are, the more opinions they have
∆ The forbidden fruit ∆ [77] [Segunda-feira] "Quem foi?"
The Fake News in this country is the NUMBER ONE ENEMY IF THE PEOPLE. They will not stop until we hold them LIBELOUS.
I AM THE DUMBEST PERSON ALIVE IM SORRY SKSKWKHDJDKSOZOKXJSJSJK
You don’t think Biden violated the law? Trust me as many times as Trump has been Investigated he would be under the jail if any of it were true..
“Usually when I blow O’s so come forth the hoes” IM FUCKING CRYING
Fuck and it’s only Monday I can’t imagine, what the rest of the week will reveal!!!
If you do the below daily T algorithms don't seem to pick up on you. I used to get locked out at least 5 times a day and now maybe once a month although it doesn't help with deboosting.
I don't mean to sound dumb, but what the hell is it?? A bird, a plane.........?
Client From Hell: “Remove That Circle” Client: Please remove the broken submarine? A: It didn't go down the poor meatballs
$1 $1 $1 $1 $100,000 <- median $100,000 $100,000 $100,000 $100,000 44% of the workers live in abject poverty, but median is 100,000, so CEO can make $5,000,000. This is one of the few cases where mean would make more sense. If mean, then CEO can only make $2,777,800.
Gruden is a straight clown for condemning this hit and then 2 seasons later signing Burfict to his team. Dude said this hit was “dirty” and “didn’t belong in football” but went and picked up the dirtiest player in the league
I fact checked the Biden issue. No there there. The only thing they could say is that it looks improper for Hunter to do business with a foreign company while his father was in office. He did not invest in the Chinese fund until later. Fund has $4.2 million, not $1.5 billion.
Good enough to cause us trouble, but with enough holes that we could beat them - AGAIN. I think HCNB could have a few tricks up his sleeve, we've had an extra week to prepare, and OkSt showed some of Tx weaknesses. Come see me on the field. #HornsDown all day long. #BevoDead
Today's marked the Anniversary of Nigeria at 59th, But sincerely spoken many of us are not even happy of this day, Not because of anything but because Nigeria is not like we have always expected,Everything is going down every year, And we are just moving backward.
The support for impeachment is growing and you are running scared from the Intel community and the highest ranks in the country. #runrudyrun #rudygoingdownfortrump #impeachment #scandal #rudygiuliani
This cannot end up with anything but Trump in prison. No plea deals, no pardons. No book deals. No tv contracts. No podcast. He needs to be persona non grata the world over.
I still don’t see how you only point out the worse case senario then use BI and elite in the same sentence. The spacing on that team is gonna be pretty bad. There are positives with that team, but imo they did not improve enough for all that based on what we last saw from the
i don't understand why some people feel the need to point out the body size of others. like stfu dont be an insensitive bitch
The  is trying not to be on a limb that  will soon cut down.
A man charged with two counts of murder in the shooting deaths of a woman and her brother told police his gun accidentally fired as he held it to the head of one of the victims. https://www.kget.com/news/crime-watch/reports-man-charged-in-double-homicide-said-he-decided-to-kill-everyone-after-gun-accidentally-fired/ …
damn my school owes me money and i get the money tomorrow and even if i want to full send it to wakaan i can’t cause it’s sold out
Bailey, their dog, has been a little bit of a troublemaker lately (but he is still a good dog)! Bruce's hand is in a cast because he recently intervened in a fight between Bailey and a neighbor's dog, and broke a bone. Warren and Bruce insist Bailey was *not* the instigator.
Angela going to a fertility clinic is the craziest thing ever #90DayFiance
The suicide squad movie def raised her popularity tho
“See I was in the wrong place, at the wrong time, with the right one” -
THE FUCK YOU MEAN HOW IS ARSON WORSE THAN STEALING A CAR SOIDGJSDOPGKSOPDKGOPSDK??????? ITS JUST SOME PUNK ASS CAR VS A WHOLE ASS BUILDING SPDOGKSDOPKF IF A BUILDING GOES UP IN FLAMES THEN THE BUILDING AND OR BRUSH AROUND IT COULD GO UP TOO AND WE WOULD HAVE WILDFIRES
I'm trying to block out the fact that the m&g for bob's show is a group m&g meaning my 5'2" ass is gonna be walking up to four giant queens like a deer in headlights hahahahahahahhahhwhhhhahhahhhahh
Having to see a parent go through chemo and the side affects that come with it, is seriously the worst thing ever
Gents...I appreciate you both. I didnt know the origin either until someone told me. Its a shame that we were intentionally targetted as kids.
They’re The stupid ones? I have to disagree after reading this thread of you and your uneducated friend trying to argue. Don’t worry tho I’ll enjoy your block list when you block me. O
 did you watch prodigal son? i feel like you would enjoy it. the main character is the son of a infamous serial killer, who solves crimes from the killers perspective
They are liars the ones who would are nothing but traitors
bad times at the el royale is really good why didn't anyone talk about it
THE MARIO KART GAME HAS GACHA AND YALL MAD ABOUT THE MULTIPLAYER THING
I think definitely algorithms. I was permanently suspended by captioning a tiger. The tiger had someone with her head in his mouth and the tiger was saying that they were going to kil him. They said I made a threat and it took me a week to get my account back
Clinton lied about a blowjob and you cheated on your wife with the current home-wrecking Ambassador to the Vatican. The Vatican. Poetic.
The writers' room has been on such hot streak lately. It's a shame they are bringing back first season characters.
Finally, another man who worked at another counter for the gas station, went behind the counter, unplugged his earphones and pointed at me. Not happy at all.
the vibe is the exact same omg i love [redacted] lowkey but he gotta stop or i might go mute about anything about him forever bc i can't take the secondhand embarrassment
If he respects you, you will know by the lack of sexual conversations. Your conversations would be so interesting and devoid of perversion Argue with your ancestors. The minute a man starts talking about sex when he isn’t married to you, just cancel that nigga...
Dropped a soda at the store today Exploded went everywhere... My sadness this week begins
Someday, you'll regret worshipping the hexadecatetrahedron.
Hi I'm Ryan, I frequently either forget or just dont have the energy to get food
Then they go private on twitter after bashing youtubers lol, you can’t be rude and be a coward at the same time. Bathong.
It makes me sick to read this. Wade ended up being one of the snakes MJ never should’ve trusted. Disgusting
Stop lying  - #Germany is the third largest donor to #Ukraine after the European Union as a whole and the US. Additionally, since 2014, the country has pumped almost €1.2 billion ($1.3 billion) of bilateral financial aid into Ukraine.
aside getting a little sulky about Givez losing the locs, this California Dreamin' record slaps!
Nervous about joining the race? Read the free chapter "The Lament of Besom" at http://blackenednevers.com/bonus.html
Barr, tRump, pretty much every single republican quickly announces after Mueller report that tRump was exonerated but NOW their trying to dig up dirt on the Mueller report to Re-exonerate him again,? Do they Think everyone’s as brainless as tRump
I never said I believed in cousins. In fact I dont. I want him to prove me wrong but IK more than likely he wont. I am hoping more Diggs, Thielen, Cook, Rudolph, and Smith can carry the offense while Zim locks down D. I predicted an 8-8 record for them. I want to be wrong though
Let Negan loose! I’m watching the return of #TWD Sunday 9/8c.
Read your constitution you fool! I guess you think asking another nations leader to investigate a political rival is above board and ok. Well it’s Not and is a non political impeachable offense. And that’s just the latest.
you're telling me those desktop stripper ads i used to see on unsavory websites are now just on steam? damn this really is the future
Think for yourself, Virginia. The problem is you listen to FOX and fail to analyze why they say what they do. Remember, trump admitted to a crime. Why would a law abiding person agree to go after the person who reported a crime rather than the criminal.
So what, he's Secretary of Labor? He's not even DOJ! But, once a candidate has Senate confirmation as a cabinet member... the POTUS can slide members around at will... With no further Senate action required. Ask Mike Pompeo how that works...
As a parent all I can say is I am so sorry for your loss - I can’t imagine your pain but I will be right here beside you fighting so that we can end this tragedy and so that your sons life can save the lives of many
All Trump's Generals whose oath of office is to defend the country against all enemies foreign and domestic ignored the last part of the oath. They witnessed the domestic enemy and walk away quietly to make their fortunes. There is something about been in Trump's orbit.
We was dead silent in the whip then yo ass said sumn dawg and I swear I almost went into shock in that back seat...it was along the lines of “Eddie why tf did you just do that”
The whistleblower has so much shit on you, either people see you doing it right on TV and then lying about it. Danny it’s always somebody else’s fault isn’t it. You should’ve never ran for president. You should’ve stayed a private citizen
They absolutely meant to put Holbrook as the crew chief. This was done on purpose to have everyone talk about this infield fly crap all week. It's transparent at best and a damn embarrassment.
the real question is are you gonna regret cutting your hair
He did that on purpose. This man knows the names of each Ukranian prosecutor past and present involved in this. NO WAY was that a mistake. Maria's reaction wasn't one of something being revealed and didn't try to correct him...
The delusion in this writeup though, but I blame patriarchy #VoteMercy
There are native hedgehogs in Europe, Asia and Africa (it’s extinct in America) so it’s not a pest in most of the world!!! It is as big a problem in NZ as cats are to native Australian wildlife - I did a Zoology degree so I know what a complete disaster introduced species are.
Barney's character is the biggest heartbreak in the show. #BestBroEverhttps://youtu.be/-lI_eM3b95U
Capaldi is my favorite Doctor. I love Tennant (and Donna, DoctorDonna FOREVER), but Capaldi and Coleman has so much layered chemistry. Smith was the scariest Doctor, in my opinion, but Capaldi’s was the most destructive and desperate and I eat that kind of shit up.
Agreed! But Jim Benning is fighting to keep his first signing for some reason even at the detriment to the team! IMO!
This man deserves free healthcare, he put his ass on the line for us
from every road sign, the only somewhere we are going is downwards. digging deeper into the trenches of mediocrity. it stinks
Here's the curriculum used a few years back. Might have changed since then. https://www.fema.gov/media-library/assets/documents/27403 … If you're a First Responder, your local neighborhood team would be fortunate to have you on board (and participating in mass casualty drills at the Police Scenario Village).
What the hell is this? Did you shoot this in the White House basement??
I just want ALL the classes. I have 2 stripper classes rn, and I’m about to get a 2nd sugar baby class. Buy I wanna compare racks to riches’ 101 objections course to miss money mindset’s mastering your mouthpiece e-book.
The scene where they cut to Tate and all he says is “Nigga what?” Lmfao I died
‘F—ING RIGHTS I RAN THE GOALIE’: Hockey player suspended for hit banned after boasting video goes viral http://bit.ly/2mohwmO
They're too busy arresting poor people for the 1% anyways...
there’s no reason for you to be saying negative shit like this on the TL, hec.
I want to be angry. I want to be outraged. What I am is sad. Sad to see a party I’ve been a registered member of since 1977 become so craven and corrupt. To see much of an electorate embrace open corruption. And the worst, to see many in the IC, LE, and the military applaud this.
Vintage Large Vanity Magnifying Mirror with Lights Flip Swing Glass Make-Up Mirror Double Mirror Lighted Lamp Cream Color from the 70s https://www.etsy.com/LaLanterne/listing/567716079/vintage-large-vanity-magnifying-mirror?utm_source=around.io&utm_medium=twitter&utm_campaign=around.io … #homedecor #spring
Never feel like you gotta wake up to yo job to go work for the man naw wake up with the attitude of working for yourself da lord who lives inside you never feel like you need yo job naw they need you theres so many ways out here to make some money just apply yo self
I would hate to speculate on the lineage that produces something like this.
My sentiments exactly! I have said all along that the nation nor the world can afford to allow this corrupt, criminal-minded president to stay in office until 2020. Absolutely no way! Too toxic, too diabolical, too lethal
no to the kidney beans. should be cooked pinto beans
Just sad how people can lie about big things like that, makes it harder for people to believe victims that are actually telling the truth
Shame on the people videoing the incident. Antifa losers with masks because they are cowards. On an elderly lady really. Karma coming your way dude. #boycottantifa
Estamos ao vivo com nosso quarta live de Metal Gear The Phantom Pain. Corre berg Link do canal da Twitch: http://bit.ly/31APRy4
So the girl who said kids cut her locs lied, that’s a bad Jawn in this climate black folks are already in
Can someone explain to me how the dealership LOST MY DAMN CAR
Baffling how the incompetence could go willfully ignored for sooooo long! I believe Bob is equally complicit as Chia in the cap hell disaster. Unbelievable he has had Zero consequence!
If they hold public hearings, whether he's removed or not, some people will be swayed and he'll suffer in the general. His loyals will write him in even if he's removed so we need not worry about their feelings.
The quitter it gets around me, the nicer I am to myself I was being abusive and sadistic focusing on my flaws and failures and I guess it's about time to focus on myself in a better light but I just need to do that quietly and alone
damn bro really? I was so hyped when I saw it on the self
ur response is making me laugh but the more i read her tweet the more im losing my goddamn mind
I don’t hate you. I hate the way you act and the things that you do. I hate your priorities. I wish you’d listen to me, or at least to sense, but you utterly refuse time and time again. I wish you would change. But I don’t hate you.
Maybe the DJT wanted to write Lil'Adam Schiff or Lil'Marco. Regardless, of Trump's liddle' mistakes with cool slang vs proper English Trump won't get impeached for linguistic ignorance.
Still can't get over  getting choked up welcoming everyone to the Ballpark one last time yesterday!  #FarewellGLP
SO long as 45 is at the helm, there is NO chance it will be canceled. He gives them to much material !!!
He's inherited the gene.... paranoid personality disorder, narcissistic, delusional. Hope he doesn't reproduce.
In before the "Imperium is facist and racist" (which it is) and the "Tyranids bring diversity to the galaxy" moronic virtue signalling. My hope is that GW are as inflexible on their IP getting changed as they have always been.
This is more than dreadlocks and picks along side the road of life. Helmet to helmet penalties are exacting in the behavior of professional athletes, leaning them away from such hits.
Y el camión lo llevaba a un basurero cerca del pueblo, yo fui de niño alguna vez y encontrabas cosas que funcionaban y to pero el caso no se puede hablar de Spectrum sin mencionar la joya de la corona, lo mejor, the incredible game of Ranarama, el mejor pa mi de Spectrum
It's TIME to take this TRAITOR mother fucker the hell OUT of office! https://thehill.com/homenews/administration/463738-doj-says-trump-contacted-foreign-countries-to-assist-barrs-russia#.XZKVU_LY1eU.twitter …
You don't hold it on the femur squads a ruins or kidneys and eventually breaks your spine
Okay this shit legit ain't funny anymore. I'm gettin the heebs & jeebs.
Belly dancer is dancing to my pikins song. I bet he’s controlling the whine for where he dey.
It appears they have. Why the hell would they write that? Where would they have got that info from?
I used to watch  on  years ago. One day I realized his legal analyses were crap. I disagreed with everything he said. That is the day I stopped watching  and started thinking for myself.
What do you think about the gothic genre, sis? "Danzai no Maria" http://maria.karin-e.jp/ It's for PC and PSP. It's a huuuge game!
the fact that the gerber baby is on here too is making me lose my mind
Taking a vacation from Twitter will be a good idea. Twitter in many ways is like War. "It brings out the worst in people."
Lets give the kids in cages who died a moment and remember their names. For some, it truly is life or death with Trump as president. We can’t ever let this happen again.?
Almighty protector of the sun and sky I beg of the thee please heed my cry Transform thyself from orb of the light And bring me victory in this fight I beseech thee grace our humble game But first I shall call out thy name WINGED DRAGON OF RA!
SY IS A LIL GEEK HE’D PROBABLY BE GUSHING HAD LBH NOT FAINT AS SOON AS HE FINISHED RAZING THE GROUND WITH THE DEAD
Where is the FBI trump should be arrested for incitement of public anarchy. A regular individual would be in jail by now!!!
This is my biggest concern. Lock has no experience under center, none recognizing D's and currently cannot roll to his left with any accuracy. It's a lot to fix. Although I think it is fixable, it's going to take time. Suddenly thrusting him into the crucible may be misguided.
Lmfaooo the homie still 12 we was all scared , you'll come around
The Hyde Amendment is disgusting, disproportionately hurts low-income people of color, and needs to be repealed. In case anyone was confused or unaware of where I stand: I fully support my tax dollars paying for abortion services. Period. #BeBoldEndHydehttps://rewire.news/article/2019/09/27/ten-reasons-folks-should-care-about-the-hyde-amendment/ …
Now that Mueller investigation is done and had nothing the real scandal is developing before your eyes. They literally attempted a coup, the declass is coming. Many household names are going to prison. I know you don’t believe me and think I’m a nut but just watch.
Sometimes I hate being so emotional. Like the slightest inconvenience and I’m completely flustered. Pisces problems man
And the whistler is probably terrified that his/her name will be leaked and he/she will face the fate of those on the right who have been royally doxxed.
#CivilWarSignup yes we are still a democracy your democrat party is violating every rule of law and ethical standard there is no evidence of a crime by trump the transcript proved that. There is however several videos of  admitting to quid pro quo yet you and...
A faint smell of black orchid Troubling my nostrils It's from a stranger that walked past me But it brought back memories that were lost within me You I hated that smell But I could bare it when you had it on. For you I can bare many things But the lose of you I couldn't bare
Technical difficulties with my internet, AS I was about to start the stream so I'ma go get a cup of coffee and then we'll do some DKR Hundo!
What can she actually do in any government position but to bring shame, disrespect, insubordination? Please delegate people who can bring change for the better, not our downfall.
Looks like the communists are worse than the fascists...
the bitch ass protestant in me managed to convince me that disliking kale was a character flaw and i feel like such a weight was lifted
#ATTENTION ARTIST If you serious about getting in the game and want to shoot a video GET AT ME!!!!! #PhantomFilms #Music #Movies #Studio Industry Quality, Professional sets /equipment. DM budget for quote #TTO #T_O_P !
Apparently getting to the world series once every 15 yrs and losing gives u that right
That’s because Barr only listens to his so called King and doesn’t give a crap about the American people.. only his King Trump.. that’s all he care...
Let’s says paramedics are in enough numbers.. and in a busy day.. EMTs responder reaches the patient first .. and this patient was overdosed so time is critical why EMT should wait until the paramedics give the medication ..? While the able to do it
Reminds me when Pizza Hut had the cheesy knot pizza and asked Twitter if they went "knot first." what a shit show that was.
He's being mysterious Fixxa, hiding in the shadows...
It’s not until you really fuck with someone do you realize you want the marriage and not the wedding anymore
Representative Maxine Waters is really the bad chick who kept pushing for impeachment while Pelosi cowered through incident after incident.
I questioned whether the cat was real or not until it moved from the boop
you ever think about how children these days are so fashionable and how upsetting early/mid 00s fashion was? literally showed up to rosh hashanah dinner wearing the same outfit as a 14 year old...... wish i was that stylin' as a 9th grader
McConnell wants to do the impeachment trial now before the Senate changes hands in 2020. Lower probability of conviction and removal.
Doing my bit for the planet by shitting directly into the recycling bin #ClimateChangeIsReal
My wife got me the set years ago Brother. I’ll ask her. There authentic. Shouldn’t wear them but screw that!!
#nowplaying: "Doubt the World" from "TOTAL ECLIPSE SONG COLLECTION" by 栗林みな実 (再生回数: 12)
With those kind of flames you think the stage could get on fire
Damn. I’m looking for a Wintec dressage to trail ride/play in. If you get pictures, please DM me. I know a few other people in the barn also shopping.
The country's divided into thirds 1 third loves President Trump, they are patriots The 2nd third are weak-minded people brainwashed by the media into insanity, they're called liberals, Democrats, etc The final third are in the middle, but they can tell who is insane and who isn't
"Paranoia is an instinct or thought process believed to be heavily influenced by anxiety or fear, often to the point of delusion and irrationality." No fear, just hoping to fully expose the traitor in the White House for the good of the country. I sound patriotic.
WTF is normal, anymore? Better late oversight than never, I suppose, but these goons ARE going rogue on the country. Over petty stuff, aiming to revise history or something. WTF did normal used to be?
You make reference to a civilised global community that recognises your president's legitimacy and yet you complain when the said civilised community abandons your president as he addresses empty chairs!
Senior Scientist Stacey Cranert came to Poseida to have a direct impact on curing cancer. Watch to learn more about the important work she is doing here. #WhyIChosePoseida #celltherapy #genetherapy
The light is coming to give back everything the darkness stole.
Inktober’s gonna be the death of me pero estoy ready
I have said this before. I won’t get caught up in a Twitter drama. There are accounts that will ask you to block certain people. I won’t . I’ll never unfollow anyone who asks that nor will I automatically block the person they ask. I do my own research and make my own decisions.
This no doubt leads out to the Deep Roads, the ancient passages that once led to the other dwarven kingdoms.
 and I once read through their book. It's terrible. Like, I thought it was fun to debunk some common atheist "arguments". The arguments were so dumb that even that just wasn't fun at some point.
Forget form. The whishtleblower has not first hand knowledge of phone call. But Schiff sent his staff to Ukraine to get dirt on the President and probably obtained copy of Ukranian transcript from corrupt official back in August. He tweeted about the call himself.
Hang tough David. You’re on the right side of history.
We are exhausted after 3 1/2 years of Trumps nonsensical speeches,tweets, and threats. Impeach this man and remove him from office immediately. We must have civility back in the White House to preserve our democracy and our sanity !!
The fire drill was the funniest shit I’ve ever seen on tv
so, last night the absolute most relatable thing happened. my cousin: you have a big ol gay crush on Sarah Paulson, don’t you? me: *sitting next to my grandma who I haven’t exactly ‘come out’ to in words* also me:
Shit I take shit from the medicine cabinets and stock up
cody fern really ruined american horror story forever bc nothinh can match the high of michael langdon. nothing.
y’all don’t understand dat 2k online lose bring a different type of hurt to a nigga especially if its your first or you playing a ahitty team and dey sum how heat the shit outta you
And of course he will be leading the troops. Its a long road to hoe. "President Trump quotes message predicting ‘Civil war like fracture’ if impeachment goes through"
I think you may be forgetting the left wing violent thugs that beat up/intimidate innocent unarmed elderly people, women&journalists.... AntiFa So you want to discuss extremists? Why are unions always present with AntiFa?
You’re a pansy who soled his soul ti the devil nobody cares what you have to say.
literally recorded the whole song and I will cry if I watch the whole video
She said he doesn't have a good paying job and is still in school. So shes paying for the whole wedding and EVERYTHING
Going to have to cancel today's stream, struggling to breath, and my eyes are still burning from a candle my aunt decided to burn while I had been sleeping. Even 3 hours after having put it out still fighting the aroma of it so fun times for me.
And it looks like the activity near me is to my north. Bye Bye severe thunderstorm season...
Ay chill bruh you're making the rest of us look bad!
In other words, the whistleblower complaint was falsified and a criminal action and now many Deep State figures are in Deep Doodoo... https://www.scribd.com/document/428134118/House-GOP-letter-to-ICIG …
The majority of the things he has done goes far pass negotiation. He can attempt to worm his way out, but the predator known as Karma already has jaws sharpened for a nasty bite.
About 75% of the way through. Finding it difficult to disentangle it from the daily news, though. A someone said, Trump is like a poor Nixon tribute act.
In this show the politician Goop’s character said our generation was taught to vomit our emotions all over each other, and it caused a pandemic of over communication and a lack of intimacy AND IM UNWELL
Totally devastated at the loss of peerless soprano artist Jessye Norman who I had the privilege of meeting twice, the last time after her riveting double bill of Bluebeard’s Castle and Erwartung at the Met so many years ago. Her sumptuous and... https://youtu.be/jOIAi2XwuWo
When it’s that time of the month and everybody getting on your nerves
Ttmik. Although I do prefer the books. I get tired too early if I am watching on a screen. And you? What are your main sources?
soon as i clock in i be ready to get the FUCK. ASAP
Bruh I just seen the lineup for Rolling Loud in LA & I want to go BAD
This is literally the only selfie i took on day 2 smh
Morneau was just on CTV PP, lying about the exact same economic thing.
How can BBC senior manager David Jordan keep his job after deliberately misleading the public on this complaint. He said there wasn’t a complaint about Dan Walker. He lied - ‘BBC racism row: Naga Munchetty complaint was also about co-host Dan Walker’ https://www.theguardian.com/media/2019/sep/30/bbc-racism-row-naga-munchetty-complaint-was-also-about-dan-walker …
Not true at all. Read the Cinstitution, and the Mueller Report, lackie.
Anyone noticed the odd chape of sodor heres what it reminds me of
Today’s topics: makeup & plastic! Do setting sprays really work? & what role do straws play in the bigger picture of our climate crisis? Read today’s pieces by clicking the link in our bio! #hercampuskcl #climatechange #makeup
WTF is Gorka (dragon of Budapest my a$$) doing traveling on the taxpayers dime? The only thing he brings to the table is a weird accent and the scent of herring soaked in vodka. #ImpeachTrumpNow #MondayMotivation #VoteBlue #CivilWarSignup
"A good person produces good things from the treasury of a good heart, and an evil person produces evil things from the treasury of an evil heart. What you say flows from what is in your heart." Luke 6:45
UK BBC Mr Trump recently asked Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison to assist AG Bill Barr on his investigation into origins of Russia inquiry. An official told the New York Times the call transcript was restricted to a small group of aides - akin to the July Ukraine call.
Because let’s face it: the clone troopers have some of THE MOST racist fans in a Star Wars. It’s astounding
You cannot give the finger to the U.S. Constitution and the oath you took to uphold it. You’ve placed our national security and our electoral process in jeopardy and continue to do so. The transcript proves your threat. You must be impeached to save our democracy.
All the time there trying to work that one out there is no service on the Marshlink line.
sana mapasukan ko lahat ng holidays sa remaining months ng 2019 walang dadaang pera na hindi papasok sa bulsa ko we'll be making big deposits bitches that's the agenda
I just showed it he just came up to me told me u blocked him and some other blocked him because he told u the white owls wouldn't get popular and he says he sorry pretty much just that
Today's struggle meal: hamburger bun, chicken and cheese from the salad bar, peanut butter, and an apple.
The truth is that if you have injury arsenal is doomed
The alternative version was: "Here lies Mikey. He's too lazy to turn on the predictive text right now and play this game right."
If i don’t pick up the first time that mean ion wanna be bothered tf .
nah the waiter here is so hot he just came to our table and i started sweating
I saw this random ass sponsor in the stories and thought of jungkook asgffjgjm  gift it to him y’all
.  I believe this jersey was worn by the #Springboks in 2015. For 2015, the Springbok was moved to the sleeve due to regulations stating that only the IRB logo & the main team logo could go on the front of the shirt. #MoveAsOne #StrongerTogether
What if this was a foreseeable event? What if it was foreseen that Barr's part in any investigation would be attacked by the Deep State? Could Barr simply be in place to proceed with the investigations? And act as a countermeasure?
That should apply to the victim. It was in his home, not hers. Jfc, Texas.
Of course i would forget to put the time in. So here it is!
My stomach feels a drivers license! Falling in your face, The gentle look away; I wouldn't be easy I see you, my EVERYTHING
damn i just wanna solve crimes but i hate the police as an institution
Is The Witch or Ex Machina sold out or is it just Moonlight?
Good try but the ratings show the difference And the fox people don’t throw fits cry on air Lie to the people They have demons on daily and show them truth while they shudder and shame themselves
that one time i lied that i'm going to luneta but i'm in quezon city for the fanmeet bc i know they won't let me go that far
And you equate that as an impeachable offence? After all the screaming about Russian hacking and interference, the man wants answers. It's called cutting through red tape. No way, no how, is that impeachable or outside his purview. Dems should be scared.
From what I have seen in trailers, it seems to be a different take. Much more inwards & personal rather than focusing on the consequences of his actions but of course, these critics are essentially arguing that to focus on that madness is to somehow justify bastards in real life.
Just another white racist. Only explanation I can think of to chose this issue over the security of our nation.
And really, if ALL *you've* got to go on is "She wasn't in the book for five years," then you're not making a good showing either, since that is an arbitrary criteria that I have no reason to take seriously.
SO MY OCTOBER IS OFF TO A PAINFUL START. I was crossing the PEDESTRIAN LANE when I was run over by a motorcycle. Stay safe, y'all.
He said the beating heart sound in opening of Endless Enigma was not Carl's drums, as many had thought. In the sleeve notes to 2015 CD/DVD reissue, remix engineer Jakko J says"I've discovered [it is] actually Greg playing... muted strings on his bass guitar."
my family saw the picture on the back of my phone that says that deku’s new stripper name is p*ssy destroyer not my greatest moment but
>yeah. i get the point. >it doesn’t matter. i can’t change anything. >also you said i could leave an hour ago last night. so.
I love Reflections of Earth, but it’s long past due for a new show, and the music will live on. The thing that sucks is the replacement show is gonna be what EVERY Disney night time show boils down to now, which is characters on water screens
Tough to circle the wagons when a flash flood is happening.
some1 messed up in this play, and while I blame the goalie, it has to do w defemder/goalie expectations... here u hv Beita, Blackmon & Palacios bunched up w Kaye behind them & Minn player up front...was someone expecting goalie to come out and challenge the ball??
He does not hide. It is just that you keep putting your foot in the near trap because you have the need for others to see something from you.
Just got outta the shower and there's still drywall dust in my hair. I swear to god this shit is worse than glitter.
BBC doing the magic and no, I'm not talking about a media organization.
I approve this retweet. For the folks at  and  Pay attention!
I never thought that iateyourpie would be the devil on my shoulder...
Because it’s what the team needs. Greene is the only one willing to do much dirty work but we don’t need to say much else about him
The case for impeachment was made before even spoke. Pay attention.
Hate to tell the truth but if we don't live in Toronto we don't count and we need to separate.
bruh you were telling me to leave the community and delete my channel
Breaking: President Trump aligns with Democrats to seek the origins of the 2016 election tampering. Democrats angry over this.
Problems #Oilers had when PC was hired: 1) Drafting (Rounds 2-7) 2) Proper development system for young players. 3) Holes on team ( Defence, Goaltending) There are more flaws/holes with points 2 and 3 at the time Ken Holland was hired. This is not an overnight fix folks.
I want to work, I don't want to be unemployed all the time I don't want to make my parents restless and embarrassed I don't want to always be a burden on my parents I don't want to be a lawless child and I don't want if one day I succeed, my parents are gone #OctoberWish
Another view is that he is negotiating his surrender. In the same way the Taliban killed a US soldier on the eve of negotiations with the US, is Mr Trump making a bellicose show of strength to improve his negotiating position, with the goal being: avoid prison, keep his bad $$?
Because Bernie has to be Bernie. He's an asshole. By some slim chance he's the nominee, regretfully, I will vote for him.
What a farce of an interview esp. comparing the weak epidemiological relative risk of unprocessed and processed meat 1.17 & 1.18 to that of smoking where the R/R's are betw 25 & 35. So that 18% R/R vr 3500% R/R. Bittman u've lost ALL credibility promulgating Katz's nonsense
Click bait headline. Hamill CRITICIZED the parents!
I’m trying to catch up on the walking dead I’m behind
Glad to see this....but I REFUST to watch  with debate cheater Donna Brazille on the panel. What is wrong with FOX to have hired her???
what do u mean by i was never the one? right person at the wrong time, but you always had second thoughts.
Want all of this to end. Sooo bad. As in ASAP! But I know that this will take time. That I need to endure all of this first. That I need to trust the process, and believe that the pain, the struggle and everything that you can think of will eventually end.
Stop China from Harvesting Human Organs from Persecuted Uyghur Muslims : China is Harvesting Organs from Persecuted Uyghur in A Auschwitz like Camp - Sign the Petition! http://chng.it/zr2CnDjW via
Im sure once this packing is out tomorrow itll be way better. Thats the most annoying part right now. I got good pain meds for the pain just a mild annoyance with the tampon up my nose
Lol fuck I responded to the wrong tweet.. but you can't live in a free weed zone til you cross that border... PS you get healthcare (with a job obvi)
.  How can you keep claiming the  made this whole thing up while your Ukraine ambassador, Australian officials,  and crazy  are flipping like dominoes on a long run to no where land. #Resistance #ImpeachTrumpPence
mobb deep, don't rly care for half the tracklist on 36 chambers
Broseph, she knew about the content of the call because Donald Trump confessed to discussing Biden with Zelensky on that phone call multiple times, on live television, in the week before the transcript was released. Why must you insult the intelligence of your followers?
too dumb to make good content, too smart to make bad content. It's the Twitter paradox.
Either way, the stadium was rocking. Sat vs WSU was kinda blah for a critical down to start the 4th. Which was NEVER the case before. Now we have our moral superiority to keep us rocking since we no longer associate with such a horrible person.
He already stated that he's at the end of his career - not looking for the next job. He obviously is getting compensation for his position and likely a promise for career risk on the side. Shameful.
Everything I've read about cubeworld makes me think that the game hasn't improved much (if anything at all) after all these years and I don't understand what the fuck they were doing during all that time.
Apparently lying to the public and making up fairy tails is what Democratic Congressman do.
They damn well ought to be in a panic. Perhaps why impeachment is so important to Nasty Nancy and the Democrats.
Just remember, the Trump administration has to choose just the right time to drop the hammer to prevent incredible civil unrest that would hurt innocent citizens. Think Reginald Denny in the 1992 LA Riots.
I'm guessing it was the cancer ingredient that made it work so well? We can't have anything nice.
The voters of North East Somerset must really have a thing for men with no moral compass.
You are a role model for despots everywhere. Keep up the bad work.
It says a lot about a country when they chose to exclude the public from their national celebrations.
she is pathetic, can tell she came from the left coast! the libs live in an alternate reality
If elements of it's Intelligence joined ILLEGALLY with rogue members of ours in an OCONUS conspiracy to SPY on Candidate Trump and his associates - they have NOT ONLY the right to investigate - but the responsibility. Remember Maggie - we don't LIKE other nations in OUR elections
How many bodies have dropped like road kill due to ⁦  ⁩Trump does not have to shoot people on 5th ave he destroys lives with #Lies and #propaganda and a crew of #corrupt enablers in the White House and at fake  #Impeachhttps://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2019/09/30/john-bolton-has-finally-spoken-he-put-up-big-warning-sign-about-trump-north-korea/ …
Righto.!.. so who’s the clowns that have 2 orders in for 8 shares at .96c for $SLR.ax FFS
No wonder the circlips fell off, look at that handlebar! I think it voids the warranty if you put anything other than a brake lever on them, no integrated shifters.
I don't know a lot about Maxime Bernier but he doesn't seem like an extremeist as far as I can tell. The rage these kids are bringing you'd think these old people were going to a David Duke rally.
I’m depending on people I follow to drop the videos
You’re right. One character’s watch moving makes up for the removal of the national dex & the disappointing visuals. How have we not seen this sooner???
Is anyone else deathly afraid of asking people to get up for you when you are in the window seat on the plane and have to pee really bad? I need some courage
The guy that asked his wife to enter an open marriage when she got cancer?
Pelosi wants Schiff as her successor! for Americans. Stock Market Crash & 401K value drops. These jealous idiots, AKA Dems! They only care about themselves but they’ll be stoking the in Hell FOREVER!
Great day for me, but I don’t have to deal with anything disappointing like you do. crossed that tomorrow isn’t the crappy day you’re anticipating.
Post millennials believe christians need to establish God's kingdom (christianizing nations) so Christ can return. Since the biblical gospel is a narrow gate and a narrow way that few find, post mil typically use political and military means to "expand the kingdom". Horrible
i’m gonna piss myself right here in this art class and no one will say anything. you know why? because it’s the art building. this is a lawless land that goes beyond space and time. there are no rules no regulations no societal context. nothing. and that is why i can piss myself.
And just for the sake of it, I suspect Kushner has had MANY shady calls that will be coming out
I'm trying to find a back up plan just in case this workers comp claim keeps rubbing them the wrong way.
That’s scary. I live in a suburb of Dallas but that doesn’t make me any less worried. All the shit that goes on, my kids are afraid of the police. One stopped my baby daddy the other day because he didn’t “look like someone from around here”. And he was off duty #dafuq
Right on. I think the chicken vote got way overblown but glad it is done now. As long as youre a law abiding and responsible gun owner there are no laws that you should worry about which is what all legislators gotta shoot for. Voting to talk about the issue aint that bad eh?
Volleyball: Trojans drop the 4th 20-25. Going to the final set. Let’s Go Trojans!!!
Things I have said to my dog in the last 15 minutes: -I’m not actually upset I’m doing a monologue -Stop licking the carpet -Bring me the pink elephant -Leave me alone I’m singing
No, more likely I don't comment on the Washington Bubble!
U r being lied 2 from politicians that only want 2 charge us another tax They've been telling us the world is going 2 end since the 70s I remember in elementary school we had some1 speak 2 us & told us the icebergs r going 2 melt & NY was going 2 b under water that was 35 yrs ago
Then the EU for example should lower tarriffs on USA goods.
I find it amusing that AG Barr is in Italy looking for assistance in propping up ludicrous conspiracy theories from the same intel communities that Trump has pissed on for the past 3 years. Our IC isn’t some casual weekend book club. Cross them at your own peril. #ImpeachmentNow
 was just looking for your apology to the boys that #AmariAllen falsely accused. If you tweeted one I missed it. I feel safe saying that you have big ones calling others supremacists when you just proved you’re one.
#California is suffering today after fatal shooting. #POTUS, stop the bloodshed. #BackfireTrump
Yup! And I’ll grab the closest object I can find, and throw it dead at your face.
What the fuck is this “eradicate polio” shit? Also, AOC could not afford to buy in her district
Chris Pratt just seems friggin determined to ruin Guardians of the Galaxy for me, and probably would've already if not for the *intense* dumbassery demonstrated by all of his political opinions
... and the implication that relationship is inherently good and life-sustaining. There are a lot of toxic relationships out there that need to be called out as much as bad religion does.
Yeah, we’d definitely better think twice about upsetting the country that just attacked our democracy and is currently attacking our democracy.
the terrifying things in ari aster movies happen to the characters because they all use androids.
I was watching the Avs the entire time but wasnt super talkitive or embracing hockey as I do now. I finally ended my LuLaRoe boutique beginning of this year to focus on Prince and myself.
Same, sleeveless dresses are wayyyyy more comfortable under a jacket. Once I lose a little arm chub I’m going back to blazers lol. That’s the main reason I avoid them now. The sizing doesn’t work :(
Crown prince?...Ugh. Ayn Rand's cat had more nobility. Didn't c interview. I did c the the 2nd Tower hit in NYC by Saudi terrorists. & I ve read articles on Saudi prince's murder of journalist. A more academic analysis can be had from Dr Elan Journo about this. Ur fan, Edmund
2. Turner disgraced himself over the Free Trade issue in the 1988 campaign. 3. Jean Chrétien undermined Turner while the latter was leader (not sure of this). 4. Chrétien undermined Paul Martin while teh former was PM. ...
After reading some the comments, I agree with you: stunned. Nixon and Clinton were surprises, but not stunning. In the case of Trump, I am stunned. The number of lies, crimes and people involved in the GOP, U.S. and around the world.
Under no circumstances should the #steelers ever loose to the #Bengals #HereWeGo
A shot gun can do just as much damage with the right ammo.
Obviously, you do not know how to read a Criminal Statute. Giuliani made the mistake to start a "war" with another member of the Conspiracy on live TV. Sorry you missed it. Maybe lighten up your grip on your ignorance? Just a thought.
when I start contrasting 18-19 lightning offensive tactics to the condors, do you guys think people are going to have objections on the basis that being too demanding of an AHL team?
And I'm guessing the last plug-in is a bad idea to?
Yea they can cut him, but you know what, they still have to pay him. It would actually hurt the giants cap wise to cut him now vs keeping him. Maybe read up a bit on how nfl contracts work before spouting your bullshit
Goddamn I hope this dj/producer thing pans out cuz I fucking love this shit The only way I stop chasing it is if I die
If you think the problem with Bernie is that he’s too mean you’re a dumb little baby
They will suck the patients assets dry. I’ve seen this done in Texas. The commiting judges wife owned the property the nut house sat upon. More drug seizure intimidation.
This is the most messed up commercial ive ever seen. #SandyHookPromise just another way media is helping school shootings to happen.
Thank you. By adopting your distorted logic, you clearly prefer the worlds only Jewish state to be absorbed by a majority Muslim nation. Your preoccupation with the notional palestinian cause above other actual humanitarian issues indicates an unhealthy and irrational obsession.
Shelter crisis re-up has two odd bits tho. The planning and building ords mentioned in 6 already apply for emergency housing, so why are they listed here? Also 8 is a matter of state law during shelter crisis emergency [makes me wonder if the city failed to report] #oakmtg
I agree but I expect it’s too sensible for those who prefer the chaos!
And, long story short, Grandpa, realizing the end was near, gifted what he would have willed us now so he could see us enjoy it while he was still here which was incredibly kind of him but also Dad is banned from giving news forever because WTF, dude.
what the fuck, was Jimmy Del Ray secretly good at Different Style Fights this entire time!?
Isaiah 10:17 And the light of Israel shall be for a fire, and his Holy One for a flame: and it shall burn and devour his thorns and his briers in one day;
its gettin late to give you succ, i took a sipp from the devils fucc
Just got it too. Sucks that the redeem page is down too though
Hell nah, man. Each Joker interpretation has its merits. At the same time- there were no warm moments in any of the trailers I've seen.
Say enough lies, one is eventually going to stick. It sucks but it is true. We are at a major point in the history of the USA. If the deep state is not held accountable we will lose being a Republic.
apologize to me properly right the fuck now because being fake mad is quite exhausting af
I’ve always wondered how those kids that are killers on dance dance revolution got to be so good. That’s not really an easy thing to practice on the daily
This case is not a slam dunk! Human error does happen! I am not sure what to think! I was listening to her testimony! #AmberGuyger was clearly distraught in the 911 call! I need to listen further! This cannot be easy for the jurors!
They just don't flippin' care. They'll just be corrupt in the wide open. Why not? There will be no consequences from the GOP in the Senate, nor from Fox News, nor from the MAGA crowd. Fifth Avenue!
 you are the one who doesn’t accept the fact you lost the election , I would say it’s quite the contrary, every day you see him on TV and all you got was a crappy participation trophy , call mittens , he can relate .
Man do I miss  on #NOLA ! He's just a stand-up guy. But, sorry Ben. I hate the .
He is a co conspirator in the overthrow of our democracy. As I suspected
If we see nesta drop in coverage that should be the final connection between manny and golden
GBF fanbase has always been horny for him But the new sprite lit a fire in everyone
The filter of our own experience is how we experience life 90% of the time. Through our own projections. When someone reminds us of an unhealthy experience, we get triggered. Often, it’s an unconscious thing. People…
If you come back and you come back to an empty house, and it´s lonely again, it feels like you have been dumped in the deep end and there is no there to rescue you. You can´t trow it back to anybody, All you can do is carry on...
". . . and make gain of your neighbors by extortion; but me you have forgotten, declares the Lord GOD." Ezekiel 22:12 "Can a virgin forget her ornaments, or a bride her attire? Yet my people have forgotten me days without number." Jeremiah 2:32
We are losing the lungs of the earth, use http://Ecosia.com today they are planting more than 1M trees in there 3
Not a single word of what he said about Mueller Report has ever been shown to be inaccurate or misleading. I have read each and every word of AG Barr's statements and the entire Mueller Report. Find me a single inconsistency or inaccuracy.
The El Paso guy was a great replacement spewing far right Trump fan. There's nothing liberal or leftist about him. The Dayton shooter I don't know enough about, but he didn't seem to have any kind of political motive, he was just a violence obsessed spree murderer.
The fundamental flaw in Democrat’s strategy for impeachment of Trump is that they think House backing and media rallying will do the job. In the end it’s just down to the law. They will have a hard time there. #Impeachment
 Are you aware that the Senate has a bill S.220 changing the definition of mental illness to include opioid use?  is pushing to institutionalize people in pain. Also available in Medscape.
This is sick. 38,000 dollars a year into the 401 is enough to easily be multi millionaires. The rest of this is nonsense too. If these people were poor the rest of us would be dead
Not me walked in at 10 everyday. Niggas pulled a knife on me 6 in the morning at the 46 stop to take $5 after that clipped..
Opinion | Three Billion Canaries in the Coal Mine - The New York Times One more reason to vote out Republicans...they are killing our earth. https://nyti.ms/2mWFm9B
Perhaps wrong as a primary cause of epidemic-type "ME", but even the outbreak literature mentions reactivated EBV. HHVs can contribute to the symptoms and reactivations can be treated. It's not as simple as one or the other.
Lets talk numbers Trump Actual, factual, real life numbers- not the kind of fake alternative numbers you usually tweet and speak about
White people are the only race on earth that die on vacation
Y’all hoes needa go watch my favorite YouTubers video. Also hyped as fuck for the concert on Friday
You’re so thirsty for anything negative on Trump. You lecture media folks on journalism, but you’re so bias to the left it’s ridiculous
Such cuteness. But you probably shouldn't take up his invitation. Bad enough if you rub my belly, cuz I'll bite too. DaisyJane the Kitten
Just stop. Seriously. If you have ANY self-awareness, the smallest modicum, a soupcon, if you see what WE see when we see you in full raving, wide-eyed insanity, you would leave public view for a long time.
Trump's defenders keep asking what laws he has broken. So for those wingnuts in denial about Trump's legal jeopardy, the laws he can be charged with violating right now include extortion, witness intimidation, obstruction of justice, and conspiracy against the United States.
Thank you for letting me know. Does the error code also provide a message or is only the code provided? Also, are you receiving this error on multiple internet browsers? -BM
im about 2 sleepless nights from walking my ass down to the sqdc and buying some indica tablets like the canadian i am
The belly dancer no fear mercy presence what is she even whining #BBNaija
Spying on a president and using the whistle blower law from what comes out of the presidents private calls with another country, is way beyond Watergate. Democrats are the enemy to over throw this elected president. When are the culprits going to jail?
it’s still too early no matter the context and who is sleeping till 5pm
Fuck them kids! If y’all throwing this in the bag...
Bihhh they got cheat codes, cause it ain’t no way the game be just starting
Firefighters are battling a rubbish fire at the Mugga Waste Transfer Facility on Mugga Lane, Symonston. https://citynews.com.au/2019/waste-burns-at-mugga-lane-waste-facility/ …
My brother ended up being the person who scratched the fuck out of my new car... tell me why I have a feeling no one is gonna fix it or pay for it and I just have to deal with the damage?
Tommy got a tick that’s why!! He fell as hell, and dangerous at the same time!!! Via mom
my personal goals: no alcohol for the month and upkeep of my current exercise routine: teaching 2 cardio classes/week, 2 days of resistance training, and stretching or yoga most mornings
The 86 was Bridget Burgess driving, and yes she was on the brakes. She did extremely well avoiding every other accident in front of her that night, stayed out of the way as well - and this was with a car that handled poorly, and had brake issues before open test on friday.
i’d rather let the devil fuck me in the ass every day till i bleed than live with the cards i was dealt
I saw a post earlier, which he hasn’t denied, that Bercow could be the interim PM. That would get all the opposition leaders off the hook & deliver the extension.
In 8th grade niggas used to go in between the trees in front of Hoover to smoke Blaccs before school
I really think when the dust settles the worst thing about the Trump administration is that it's going to have everyone imagining that somehow George Bush and Dick Cheney weren't that bad when in reality they were far, far worse.
I do not trust the flu shot I haven’t had one in a few years I don’t trust the deep state not putting something in it sorry
Meaningless if Mexico doesn’t stop releasing sewage into the water.
So last week McConnell brought a vote to the floor-that passed unanimously-calling on Trump to release the transcript. Now-contrary to what many were claiming-he says if House impeaches there WILL be a Senate trial. Interesting to remember that privately McConnell despises Trump
Then why does he have Barr running around the world trying to undermine the Mueller Report? He got away with everything but he wont let it go. If they let him resign/not be prosecuted he will spend his the rest of his days seeking to destroy everyone involved in his humiliation
The mind reels . This is cut and dried . I no longer recognize my country .
“Unlike your host, Donnie is quite the strong buddy. He doesn’t want to hurt you. Pathetic, ain’t it?”
the way i look in my head bitch i be hot af.... i’m serving
Allen lowered his helmet and made contact. The Allen hit wasn’t malicious. It was just poor tackling.
Well the same poor taxi & auto wallahs refused to use the meter, go to locations where they couldn't get a return fare & even used to charge return fare for such routes. No point in crying for them!
something is wrong with me i get sad over the tiniest things you know
We're guessing the 1st Civil War battle will be fought on the location of "The River of Blood"-at Trump's Northern Virginia Trump National Golf Club. It's as fake as his tan, his hair, and all his Deep State lies.
Ben if *you* of all people are vibing this as weird, given what you report on every day, I'm very much more concerned suddenly.
Why does battle for the grid have a character from the bad 2017 movie before a character from Turbo, Light Speed Rescue, Wild Force, or Ninja Storm? Bröther why?
It has always been. Most likely the target is #JoeBiden not Trump. By wounding him badly, loony left must be hoping the AOC/Warren combo can make it.
If you were so concerned about Biden’s corruption, why didn’t you call the FBI? As president you have every agency at your disposal, yet you chose to have a nongovernmental, personal lawyer go and make underhanded suggestions.  you are a liar.
A GOP congressional aide said there is a sense that things are heading in a bad direction for Trump: “We are entering a phase with a lot of unknowns. People are anxious about what else is out there,” the aide said about growing feeling among Republicans staffers and lawmakers.
 is on the money with his investigation. This is bad for the Rats
I cannot stand the parroting of the lame talking points and lies. I am having a hard time making it through entire clips of the bullshit. How can so many people be so easily gaslit?
Liberals, Conservatives, NDP and the Greens could never fill a room like this!!!
The  are a fascist vigilante gang, and their leader  is a frequent Infowars quest, waxing white victimhood conspiracy horseshit and the necessity of another Civil War with Alex Jones. These extremists are eventually all Trump is going to have left.
The maniacal speaker needs a lesson in biology 101 herself. Unborn babies are not part of the mother’s body; they become a separate and unique person at conception, and they are human.
Chinese Communist Party has killed more Chinese People than all the foreign invaders combined
I feel some type of way about people CONSTANTLY posting things about how they hate themselves. It’s not that I think they’re attention whores or anything. I just think that people don’t need to know all of your vulnerabilities and that the more you post about ish like that
Congrats to me on losing my fantasy baseball league for the 7th year in a row. I hate myself.
I was subtweeting someone who uses “weed smoker” as their brand here. I get that it helps a million things. I smoke daily and have for 30+ years...quit taking my tweets literally I’m a fucking idiot
I guess I will dp the same using both Adhir and Ridhir. Yup Amdhir would be better than Adhir. Haan it was alreasy decided that we are using haiwan with single a but dont know why its still so many confusions
Nunca me había pasado que el episodio piloto de una serie me hiciera llorar. The Politician is that bitch.
Ummmmm... But you didn't. First thing tomorrow did was shame this kid because of the parents. #cantwalkthatback
Can you follow the logic that it's not “defending Trump” to oppose the coronation of a political machine representing an international criminal conspiracy?
I think if you read some of the proposals they want buffer zone to extend a few miles into the South as well soon to be the renamed 'The Badlands 'or Bandit Country as in the troubles these Brexiteers do seem to miss the old days.
Funko POP! Television The Walking Dead Woodbury Walker #101 Vaulted Mint Cond ! http://rover.ebay.com/rover/1/711-53200-19255-0/1?ff3=2&toolid=10039&campid=5337440795&item=133186448653&vectorid=229466&lgeo=1 …
And that's where you'll be cuz you will have died by the time you finish cooking whatever that is.
Bill Barr and Mike Pompeo have matching smirks. So it's ironic that they are in the same tub of hot water.
i wanna buy the paw airpods case even though i have no airpods damn it
It's complicated, but the US supported the Shah for 20+ years and immediately tried to remove the "mullahs" from power after the revolution by supporting Iraq's war of aggression against Iran (aside from Iran-Contra) and that has continued ever since https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Background_and_causes_of_the_Iranian_Revolution#Causes …
i'm This close to just putting everything aside and marathoning the beginning 10 episodes of skypiea arc,,, and i Would do it, if it wasnt bc i promised myself Yesterday that i'd draw ace. and i never. did.
 you are #TheSwamp that needs to be drained!! Or do the American people a favor and RESIGN!!! You are a liar! Be careful with all your lies because the Lightning’s are just around the corner!!
You sound dumb. He hit him with his shoulder too, not his helmet, and it was as the whistle was blowing .5 second after at most. Penalty? Sure I can agree, suspension? No way.
I've a sneaking suspicion I'll have to grab my old character sheets next time I'm in the mood to searchfor those...Nuggets of Spice!
https://www.dailykos.com/stories/2019/9/30/1888954/-Gun-toting-far-right-group-says-We-ARE-on-the-verge-of-a-HOT-civil-war-after-unhinged-Trump-tweet?detail=emaildkre … Gun-toting far-right group says, 'We ARE on the verge of a HOT civil war' after unhinged Trump tweet
“Writing a novel is a terrible experience. I’m always irritated by people who imply that writing fiction is an escape from reality. It is a plunge into reality and it’s very shocking to the system.” – Flannery O'Connor – The Editors
‘Imagined Life’ envisions the odd critters of other planets https://www.sciencenews.org/article/imagined-life-book-envisions-odd-critters-other-planets …
I'm in a Bali themed hotel in Byron Bay and someone has just disturbed the calm by screaming(singing) delilah #theresalwaysastokie
i never notice that they're retweets half the time sorry
Little by little the socialist of taking control of our lives. We must stop this. The only way is to not ever vote for a democrat. They want to control your very thoughts.
so i got my mind of the vamipire diaries with the walking dead’s new season on netflix & this shit is stressing me outttt
Prepare to lose more if more death is a way out for beijing privileged class to get out the current shit hole.
she’s really the person who thinks lavanader essential oils can cure depression
You are nuts. Very normal call. What do you think world leaders talk about, making pancakes? Ukraine had some corruption problems. The new President of Ukraine ran on the platform of getting rid of corruption. What did you think that they were going to talk about?
Yeah, too bad they aren't as good at them as Obama, Biden and that hag Hillary right. Imagine if he actually didn't have the rules changed as he went along doing his job too. That would be fun
I rhyme Like it's a crime All the time Pass the lime A mountain to climb I'm learning to mime Drop a dime Hear a chime Gotta go have a good time
THE RATS ARE ABANDONING TRUMP'S SHIP ASAP BEFORE IT GOES DOWN.
Until every brain-wiped, America-hating, poorly-educated Trump Sucker understands the magnitude of WRONG that their orange-god has been orchestrating against America, this can't be repeated enough. #maga #kag #q #qanon #QAlert #TrumpTrain #ImpeachTrump #TheResistance #Resist
Here’s the first of three pages of Anthony Albanese’s absurdly hierarchical and bureaucratic office organisation chart - senior Labor MPs have seen nothing like it before!  #auspol
That's not happening, he has dirt on Pompeo & all the rest of the goonies who are hand in foot with his corruption. If they participated in criminal acts they're criminals against their oath of office.
Gobsmacking. The preparedness of some politicians to throw public servants, whistleblowers, diplomats and journalists under the bus in order to curry political favour is pathetic.
One of the three teams SF beat, just put 55 points on the defending NFC champs.
domt get me wrong I am very open to logical questions. but asking me something so stupid without considering your owm empathy and blinding yourself with the obvious fact that it was being offensive is not even sociopathic. its more like autistic.
Since week one brudda. Man dont write on this board wid no sor order. And does teach the right side of the class
he’s bored so he keeps going to do the door so he can mess with shit outside
everyday i get bullied for being illiterate in the a6d visa gc, with a simple penny a day. u can help me get an education :(
https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2019/09/lebanon-protests-worsening-economic-crisis-190929181517574.html … The article displays the protests going on in Lebanon over the economic crisis. Roads have been blocked and people gathered in Beirut to protest against the regime. Its all a war of politics and money between the upper class and the people. #ECON466SDSU
The person at the end just calmly wrecks that shit
You gone fuck 100 lames tryna get the love I gave u
Larry, or gary, or jerry his name dont matter the one on the right
The ending of this story is particularly sad. Sad for the boys she accused and sad for her own family. And for the little girl herself that she felt compelled to seek attention in this way. https://www.nydailynews.com/news/national/ny-virginia-girl-accused-boys-cutting-dreadlocks-admits-story-is-false-20190930-47ttgimmjjanrm4u46x6g7vmka-story.html …
Maybe you should push ‘Exploring’, cause you Killed the ‘Boy’ Scouts.
I have been emphasizing the productive struggle in class, it is uncomfortable to not know answers and students and even teachers struggle with this, we learn and grow together #formativechat
I thought Randy was mentally ill and on the run from authorities. Cousin Eddie.
i don't think i'll ever understand. bts is amazing, and i'll support them until the end of time, but i'm so sick of how toxic this fandom is. mind your business, if you don't stan the group, then don't talk about them (this goes for all fandoms)
#California is suffering today after fatal shooting. #POTUS, stop the bloodshed. #BackfireTrump
Not true remember the Ro Khanna sponsored bill to stop arming Neo-Nazi Azov Battalion https://thehill.com/policy/defense/380483-congress-bans-arms-to-controversial-ukrainian-militia-linked-to-neo-nazis … and the Foreign Affairs grilling of Vicky Nuland over funding and sing if Neo-Nazi's if Maidan Square https://youtu.be/jnp3rIuv0RE
my ex just unfollowed me. for some reason this makes me physically angry but i'm touchy since all my past relationships have been traumatic and this was the least traumatic one???
The onwy pewson to throw out fause cwaims is you fake Spawky. And when cowed on it you make up wies and twy to wewrite histowy like peepo don't know how much you why.
'This thing stinks': Graham bemoans whistleblower complaint as 'all hearsay'  xxx STINK!!! Didn't your mother teach you about wiping before you left the bathroom? Take another whiff, that stink is YOU!
50 BC Caesar was ordered by the Roman Congress controlled by his political enemies to disband his army and return to Rome because his term had finished. Caesar knew he'd be prosecuted if he entered Rome without his army. They left him no choice.
Wrong Wrong Wrong!! Anyone with 1/2 a brain knew it was a parady!! Problem was, ur #GOP didn’t read it!! What does it matter , YOU & UR Lawyer Already ADMITTED You both asked the Ukraine about Hunter Biden!! #Illegal It’s on Tape! That’s why ur paranoid & panicking! #Gotcha #Bye
Go away Jeff Fake the Flake!!! You can't be trusted...
I was the first one to bring a foreign on the block
Of course  should be able to identify a bumbling, sloppy, dishonest mess full of mediocrity. I mean, it must be just like looking in the mirror
SA that got D. Murray back to go with Derozan, Aldridge, Patty and D.White & Rudy Gay? Nah.. And Utah still a 5/6 seed.. OKC missing the playoffs this year unless they make a pick up.
Home again, back from the worst United Arsenal game in a long time, the only thing that stopped them battering us is the fact they're fucking wank too. Sloppy as fuck from both sides. How the fuck are they 4th? Garbage. Danny James though.
Educate yourself! On the other hand don’t. Keep twitting about how bad the #ImpeachmentHoax is in the land down under...  ‘s dress! #Stanky E-ew, that even grossed me out!
Cause that's what Apple does. They make the older versions shit so you're forced to get the new one
Someone told me they were on the phone with someone and their house blew up and you could hear them screaming to call 911
If your argument is that, we are all one disaster away from being climate refugees....fair but that doesn’t change the law. Should we let a killer off the hook because we may possibly be in a situation where we have to kill someone one day? #MakeItMakeSense
Dylan Sprouse and OWL exist in the same universe and idk why that still boggles my mind
There is always a second act, a thing forgotten by You when things ended so abrupt. She knew this all along. What other secrets has she always known while waiting in the wings, restrained by Your imaginary string? Pic by Margarita Kareva
have you ever done turns but without turning like having go straighten your knee and get up on your toes without the momentum of turning it SUCKS my knees hurt
The head of the DOJ is a Traitor, this tweet did not age well
Hope losing fifth 13 georgia the projected defense injured wholesale jerseys https://b-logging.com/hope-losing-fifth-13-georgia-the-projected-defense-injured-wholesale-jerseys/ …
Bro he just making music...Tbh the religion y’all saying he mocking more cultish than what he actually doing
Im gonna say it again cuz my opinion aint changing WHERE THE FUCK DID YOU GET THIS CLOWNERY FROM??? Vizcarra dissolved the congress cuz they didn’t cooperate with him when he asked many times before. They were warned and yet they didnt do anything.
that shit still in the container i’m taking it home
I am SO TIRED of this trend of film studios showing EVERY key point of their film in trailers. What ever happened to big teases or the element of surprise ?!
Oh Shit!! When you realise you're not above the law.... #ImpeachmentIsComing #AlexanderBorisdePfeffelJohnson ARE YOU PAYING ATTENTION.....Do the right thing & RESIGN!!!
THIS IS HALLOWEEN THIS IS HALLOWEEN PUMPKINS SCREAM AT THE DEAD OF NIGHT
im losing my fucking mind over the raw chaotic energy here
Keep telling yourself that bud, just like the last DLC, and the Last one, and the last one, and the Last one, and the Last one. Terrible fucking game.
Says the guy with actual black supremacists for his avi and banner pics.
Heartbreaking. Hate like this starts at home. How do the cyberbullies and their children families feel now?
Damn! Thought I was the only one. Missed the trio real bad. The ultimate best friends of #BBN18
Opening up my laptop to see the same depressing work I left when I closed it down the last time
Not only in this country, the whole world women are not safe at all.
The CHIEF OF POLICE said they had to hire extra security for AMBER GUYGER..First time they had to for an OFFICER..IS SHE REALLY FIRED???
The craziest thing I saw when I was stationed in Italy was at a rest stop gas station. They had a bunch of Mussolini busts for sale. He lost remember? Why do people honor the losers?
 219 LATE AGAIN!! WHY WON'T YOU TELL US WHY THE TRAIN WAS LATE FROM THE YARD??? GROSS INCOMPETENCE AGAIN?? HOW LONG DO WE HAVE TO WAIT????
No the EU flag duvet would be the passion killer for me that & the Jean-Claude Junker poster above the headboard.
I’m apologizing for not fucking your throat the moment you started yapping. I am going to pin you down and extract any and all bodily fluids currently within your body for my consumption. By the end of the night I will have eaten your piss, poo AND cum
I've never been so disappointed with songs that sound the same omfg I'm being catfished
#ImpeachmentIsComing Treason for Shift. Bill Barr and John Durham are closing in on Obama, Biden and the Demo-rat corruption. Panic is setting in.
Almighty protector of the sun and sky I beg of the thee please heed my cry Transform thyself from orb of the light And bring me victory in this fight I beseech thee grace our humble game But first I shall call out thy name WINGED DRAGON OF RA!
Ah yes my YouTube music mixes, also known as "What the fuck is this guys music tastes".
Why you didn't ask for a trade? Why not opt out of contract over the summer and leave? Getcho Goofy a** on somewhere!
nardole is listening to the bohemian rhapsody and crying
guys theres a blonk that was attacking Twice on FB heres the link
This better not happen or I’ll start the 3rd civil war. Him and every accomplice must be held accountable.
there's literally ambulances going back and forth between warehouses during the summer because of it and if you report a serious injury, work related or not, 9 times outta 10 you're just fired on the spot
You were a horny pig looking for the deets on a President getting a BJ all while you were cheating on your own spouse. Sit down fool.
I’ve fallen 2x this year, hard falls! I’ve almost fallen more times than I can count bc my implant failed! My sister  used to be the clumsy queen of OB! She’s one that used to trip over AIR! I’d cringe when she danced bc she was on the dance team at school!
Every day, we learn more and more about the attack that Trump has launched on the Presidency, on our institutions, and on our democracy. RETWEET if you support Speaker Pelosi and House Democrats as they hold the corrupt Trump Administration accountable! #ImpeachmentIsComing
The Tricorder Transmissions Tyler Habiger returns to WeeklyTrek for a somber episode remembering the life of Aron Eisenberg, who passed away last weekend. We discuss the news, and the comfort that we take in the...
HitmanCapone played Red Dead Redemption 2 (PS4) in the last 24 hours  #exophase
Crisis in #Peru: opposition-run Congress voted to elect the first of up to six new justices to the country's top court in a plenary session, in defiance of President Martin Vizcarra's threat to close parliament if it did so. He sends the police also. https://www.reuters.com/article/us-peru-politics-vote-idUSKBN1WF20U …
Dude, it’s Fake. It’s from KOTM special „Welcome to the Monsterverse“
In the mind of the Socialist everyone that is white or thinks differently than they do are racist or a Nazi or both
"US foreign policy is being run on the basis of bizarre conspiracy theories" should be "US foreign policy is being run on the basis of bizarre self-serving conspiracy theories".
Those 3 int's were because he doesn't have a high football IQ. That rocket arm will only take him so far. He also doesn't step up into the pocket and constantly wants to run. He was sacked mostly because he refused to throw the ball away.
I can hear all the shock jocks lining up to offer to give him a spanking. Mind you he's a touch bigger than Greta so maybe not. The line to spank Jason starts here fellas. Fellas! Anyone there?
Googli-eyed Rudy doesn't have jack squat. They would scream anything they had to the highest hill if they did.
to every cat in this stupid dumb fucking idiot house i want my door CLOSED the CLOSED DOOR NOT OPEN DO NOT THIS IS NOT A SALOON FUCKING STOPPING THE FUCKENNN PIANO PLAYER BUSTING IN FUCKING LIKE A COWBOY FUck you stop it Pick A Place
Hey, I know I’ve told one or two people, out of all the games (AHS too) I went to last year, Coronado talked the most smack, their coaches verbally dislike Cooper. I don’t know who’s older brother wronged them... it was personal. big game
No. His immediate predecessors in the artificial generation game. His idols.
Um nah. The worse President in US history more like.
where is that video of the two guys w lightsabers screaming WOMEN ARE QUEENS!!!!! IF SHE BREATHES SHE'S A THOT!!!!!!!!! that's 21st century girl and war of hormone
Those who say button up either cut the crust off their sandwich or are secretly serial killers. Btw right answer is button up
Resident Evil 1 at one point was originally going to be a scifi game with cyborg cops from the future.
Everyday I get a little bit bitchier just bcs of the people I work with
I hope you never have to endure the pain of wanting to kill yourself or trying to. Imagine the heartbreak of the family of this poor boy. Nobody should have to suffer like that because of who they are and because people are bullies.
that first tweet felt misleading. it’s like 6am and the only emotions i feel are anger and bad grammar
I imagine him siding with the robots and chuckling "I am become death, destroyer of worlds" as Megatombstone razes Sacramento
"Life is not a support system for art. It's the other way around." - Stephen King #writing #writingtips
Ummm no. Please stop. You’re literally normalizing Trump’s bad behavior. Also the bloviating about how impeachment is bad for Dems needs to cease. Country over party.
Y’all, I just burnt my hair... my mom told me to watch the food, I didn’t have a hair tie and I’m mf short so my ends went over the damn flame..
No idea. The fixture isn’t out until the end of this month. I’m just taking a stab at what I think round 1 may look like
Solid running today at GHV XC Meet! Ethan Beals Place 4th in JV, Hannah Lanphere 9th, Clayton McDonough 9th, Cayden Kelley 5th, and Bryce McDonough 2nd! The Boys took 2nd Place beating out 13th ranked Saints Ansgar by 2 points!
At least he'd be one in contrast to the current occupant in the office who's too damned scared to show his tax returns because he isn't even as he lies that he is.
tom!superman, seeing either tyler!superman or brandon!superman in their suit: what the Fuck are you wearing
My thoughts on the Cubs, Maddon and plenty of blame to go around for a team that should still be playing... https://markvasko.weebly.com
Just wait a while. Soon white people will be the horribly persecuted minuscule minority. Maybe then you’ll come to their defence. Hold on... there it is. It’s official. Whitey is now the hated minority.
Wth are you talking about? We just returned from a funeral, which required a 5-state roadtrip. The avg price of gas was $3.50. It was nearly $4.00 in several places & $3.25 in my state of Washington.
I sure hate to work in the Whitehouse right now. The paranoia must be through the roof.
There is no Caribbean blaccent cause we ALL speak the same way in our respective countries with slight dialect changes. So if you wanna tell me bullshit about a Caribbean blaccent, I'll call your ass a conumunu
Why don't you just meet me in the middle? I'm losing my mind just a little
Finding out that cashiers in america dont get stools to sit on is just baffling to me. They get stools to sit on here or they have a break room right by the tills so they can sit there if they're tired
When I asked the cashier at Pizza Masters if we could get a  rack out front she said "we really need one! So many people bring their bikes in, but we get in trouble if we let them leave bikes in the entrance" Ya hear ?
Then you upped the ante and just sucked a whole tiddy on your story
How can you say illegitimately when the evidence PROVES Donald J Trump is guilty.
Im feeling sad and happy its come to this. This child wont be eaten by my greedy stupid peers. The future just may exist
I seriously doubt it. Why just the text with no accompanying proof that it was from the school or council? Happy to be stood corrected.
in the span of the same hour i thought i lost my purse that was on my shoulder and my keys on a lanyard around my neck. yikes.
funny how you don't denounce the ecological damage caused by ELN when they bomb pipelines... or how the dissidents of FARC kidnap and steal land from indigenous communities in south Cauca. Your revolution is a fraud
Need more reasons to tune into #morningkombat ? How about watching  argue with  over the quality of Belgium beer #donktoberfest #touchingtips
Ah but that problem needs turning on its head altogether since “we” are not the ones with the problem
I get to dancing with the devil, i hope you understand
 Jonathan Cahn warned us all about Donald Trump in the harbinger the chapter titled the tower. He warned us bad things would continue either way but one way would drive us deeply into trouble because the one would cause issues driving us to civil war
I know I’m just so sick of the day in and day out bs and never hearing anything solid.....people need to go to jail for our country to heal.
So it's been shown that dropping off in that fashion is dangerous for the children to the point that the city won't allow it anymore?
Flying to New Orleans in the morning. New Orleans weather 24 to 34 with 10% chance of rain and 60% humidity. No sign of Hurricanes all week. Woooo hooooo
He wasn't attacking every autistic person he insulted a person using the word Autistic and besides again like I said i already told him that it was wrong I'm not wasting time on it
the fact that yuuka existed in LLS means that in this timeline, we would still have seihou yuuka, which makes that timeline less painful
Thanks Holly! The fur trim was weird, but not as bad as I thought. You cant really tell I had a trim. But I'm embarrassed because in my older age I cant groom certain areas myself and I wont let mom help.
The #Zombies are Coming!! Plants vs Zombies: Garden Warfare 2 Watch the video: https://youtu.be/TE-SjHqekWw #Xbox
This is a sad truth , progression is the way up doe
Why does  and  refuse equal coverage the People's Party? Will they not allow another party to ever enter the race?
Our area wants to shoot seals and sea lions to correct dwindling salmon pops. Ignore destruction of habitat, screaming development, tons of lawn chemicals in the water, etc. Yeah, maybe it’s not wildlife we should be pointing at....
The man is very disturbed, he's loosing what little sense he has
https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2019/aug/08/bernie-sanders-trump-food-stamp-snap … Resist, boycott, strike & vote against the vile entities that abet the despotic Fascist cancer that permeates our nation like a malignant plague that's upheld & rooted by the most vile, callous & savage plutocrats the world has known.
It's funny how well-conditioned people are. Hear the word "Trump" and they say all kinds of hateful things. Now we see what Media is REALLY being used for
Our market is only outside for a couple more weeks! But don’t worry, we will be moving inside the  during the winter! So you can still check in with your favourite vendors! Market runs EVERY Thursday…
It’s hard to explain to someone how large an elk is that hasn’t seen one in person. Here’s Larry’s young spike he got hanging off of the tractor, it gives you some perspective. #fulldrawoutfitters #builtforthewild #johndeere #realtree #scentblocker #yourworkingpartner
Or they could get injured by the tip of an Umbrella. Dangerous world out there....
China changed from previously poor and weak country is now the world's second largest economy
Light gives us the ability to see, however it also gives the perception of separateness. If there is no light, the separation is destroyed. #massive #manipulation
You need to get out more my guy. No corner in the league can guard  1 on 1.
I guess you are going to fallback on the no jurisdiction argument. Let’s see the ICIG has no jurisdiction for a WB complaint from an intel person addressing an alleged violation of law because ...
If it gets to the Senate, then we can talk about if threatening to withhold military aid unless Ukraine investigated a political opponent constitutes 'high crimes and misdemeanors'.
A far cry from the duels which often decided titles 15-20 years ago.
He also ruined Steve Blass’ last day with the Pirates
Oof. That company and the stylist block anyone who tries to email them about it
She told the jury they can look at the stand your ground law smh
im almost at the catfish scene in aloha state and my entire body feels like its going to shrivel up and collapse in on itself
They aren't going to be able to do that. I can't see Russia touching that with a cruise missile. Can you imagine having 'Russian soil' as the west coast of the US? No way that is going to happen. Bunch of nut jobs
No puedo revelar las cosas que preguntas porque nos rajan a los 2.
Me sitting in the front of the room knowing I won’t get in trouble
ECU Students: Save ECU Chancellor - Fight Fake News - Sign the Petition! http://chng.it/RNNQdBWX via
By the time this is over we won't have to worry about who won the 2020 election because the Republican party will be dead. Killed by a bunch of morons with no morals or ethics.
It was fake whistle blowing when you "ingratiated" yourself to foreign governments by giving them sensitive IPs the NSA was tracking.
I wish looks would kill, so the cow upstairs would drop dead.
the d word is on us bi women when ppl were dating women- bc they assume that we’re lesbians or want to insult us by making us seem like lesbians. it is not our slur to reclaim. there’s been nb folks called “nigger” before, but does that mean they can say it????? no, they fkn cant
30 and I'm just starting to feel the same issue. I need to make sure i'm uncomfortable so I don't doze off otherwise i'll be out in the chair after 20mins
I believe college athletes who earn money through any deals and acquiring an agent will ruin college sports putting them in the same rank as Professional and not many will stay in college because of this.
Not going to get into our private conversation otherwise it wouldn’t be private but I want to publicly thank .  for reminding me that I don’t need to be fearful for my children’s future, that the only thing to fear is fear itself so to all #MAGA #KAG don’t be afraid!
THE SWORN AS LAWFULL GOVERNMENT, COURTS, MILITARY, LAWENFORCEMENT, CHURCH AND PUBLIC GROUP OF INDEVIDUALS WERE PRESENT AND HAD THE MEANS TO PROVE LAWFULL AS SWORN SINCE 1961! ITS SEPTEMBER 30 2019! THE LAWLESS RAMPAGE CONTINUES EVEN WITH GODS CONDEMNATION LOOMING IN DEVELOPEMENT!
HEY  YOU ARE NOT OFF THE GOD DAMN HOOK I DID ALL THAT FUCKING TWEETING FOR CENTS FUCKING CENTS BUT DID’NT TWEET THE $40 or $50 WHATEVER AMOUNT BULL SHIT TO HELP BUILD YOUR DUMB COMPANY & NEVER GOT PAID THE FUCKING UNLEGAL WAGE OF CENTS YOU WERE PAYING AS YOU GOT MILLIONS
Part two Stein: My friend’s sister had a studio apartment with a tub in the kitchen, on the Lower East Side. It was $24 a month. Harry: There were lots of those. Stein: Debbie and I lived in a penthouse at 58th and 7th Avenue that cost $500 a month. Stuff was just cheaper.
They are mocking you! They know with pin out accuracy where 95% of the military hardware etc is
Stop whining and do something! Start filing charges! How about murder charges against Clintons? Hold Schiff 48 hours for observation, Pelosi for taking bribes from drug lords, All IL Democrats for attempted murder of IL, malfeasance, Biden pedophile -we all have seen the video
The first does not even look at trans women let alone relate to any performance advantage they have been mitigated. The second is a puff price about a 8 person non elite study using self reporting or performances, some times in 8th 20 year gaps in different events with no
This is the question . The mayo / ketchup option is the contentious issue here. It's Belgian. I hope to sow division on this issue Lemon and salt and pepper trumps vinegar on fish. Just does. I'm so sorry.
and also eliding the sexual/romantic distinction, going along asexual -> gay results in aphobia being replaced with more oppressive homophobia, whereas going along asexual -> straight results in aphobia being replaced with less oppressive straight privilege
"I shall grow and start trying to use swords...even in the bitter cold..." Snow Sugar seems to have internally matured.
Un día hacemos un binge listening the puras canciones de mamma Mia
Actual fact.....pain receptors are formed before week 8. That fetus has a beating human heart. Babies are already flexing fingers and toes. Eyelids have formed over eyes. The reflexively move away from the abortionist tools. Actual facts.
It’s not a transcript. It’s a summary. Let’s see the actual transcript. Scared?
Haha fuck the east. Especially New Jersey when they had Scott Stevens.
Reuses the same pic for #heautifulharries because I hate myself
We could prob retro-fit the NYT building into a prison. Just stay at your desk while we put the bars up.
Exclusive–Paul Gosar: ‘What’s the Difference’ Between Hunter Biden and College Admissions Bribery Scandal? | Breitbart https://patriotify.com/2019/09/30/exclusive-paul-gosar-whats-the-difference-between-hunter-biden-and-college-admissions-bribery-scandal-breitbart/ …
SNLNFBKBAKBFW But seriously tho the potential that has,,, your galaxy brain is showing intsys take notes
WTF happened to the Kanye album? Enough of the games, Ye!
The imagination some people have on crazy day is .... crazy.
Stop hiding in the herd Let the tiger be born Art by Felix_Broennimann on http://pixabay.com
You're obviously looking in the mirror again and btw you lost so you're not POTUS! #KAG2020
Think about it, if we were normally great looking in September, how did Deshaun Watson not win the Heisman in 2016? Because he wasn't looking good until later in the season.
.  City Hall Notebook: Fatal crash on Salisbury Street heightens pedestrian safety concerns in that part of #Worcester. The big problem is a lack of sidewalks. #worcpolihttps://www.telegram.com/news/20190930/city-hall-notebook-fatal-crash-on-salisbury-st-heightens-pedestrian-safety-concerns …
What about electronics is so intimidating to old people?? Just read the prompts???
As soon as I saw $1.8million dollar I home all plausible struggle went out the window
Diggs we actually need you talking man tell  to either get some fucking glasses or wake the fuck up because he’s missing open reads !!   #SKOL
 You're largely spot on in criticism of  reporter firing for H.S. racist tweets But their error is not in "virtue signaling" but failing to signal the RIGHT virtue which is "humble humanity" that promotes compassion & allows humans room for moral growth
Lemme do my dance in this bitch, don't get case closed Made a hunnid bands off the brick Made a hunnid bands off the brick, pure yayo Send my girl to church with some drug money Told her pay for college
I freaking love crappy teen romcoms, usually. Even the shitty ones I tend to love ironically. But man I could not stand a single second of Tall Girl. That awful trainwreck of a film tried so hard to be deep and funny, but it just pissed me right off.
I realize the motive. Bad things done by bad people will be brought to light on both sides of the aisle. This is the most corrupt Congress, DOJ, StatE Department, FBI and CIA EVER! Trump was supposed to lose and crimes of the past are coming to light. CHILD SEX TRAFFICKING
pphil: i know i know, that was probably the most stupid thing I have ever done in my life. I didn't know about this website b4 and thought I couldn't trust those. https://essayscam.org/forum/es/one-heard-chris-webber-using-houressay-googlemail-996/ …
yomgie!! seokjinie!! pls do the cns challenge pls i’m begging :(
Not an altogether amazing shot but its amazing she stayed so there's that. Come check out the madness live at  Tues & Thurs: 8pm EST Saturday: 10pm EST
There probably is no whistleblower. If you can change the rules to ignore first hand testimony.. anyone and everyone can be the whistleblower. It might be Schiff himself! If you only need to make it up... anyone can.
And I said "What about breakfast at Tiffany's?" You said "I think I remember the bell man. As I recall, I think we both kind of liked it." And I said "Well, that's the one thing we've got!" Savage.
I never trusted that tea bagger from the beginning. The scary part is that he’s the normal one. Pompeo was a birther, too.
if a lil old lady in walmart tell you to put a pumpkin down you put the god damn me pumpkin down!
,  +  - failed #NCVoters by failing to save the Congressional funding allocated for #NC military families and redirected it build the wall that #Mexico was to build.
Ralph B Alexander ( ) Tweeted: I was one of the 500 signatories on this: Updated - Climate Scientists Write To UN: There Is No Climate Emergency https://www.technocracy.news/climate-scientists-write-to-un-there-is-no-climate-emergency/ …
Why is a good man so hard to find? Blame the war on boys and men https://nypost.com/2019/09/27/why-is-a-good-man-so-hard-to-find-blame-the-war-on-boys-and-men/?utm_source=twitter_sitebuttons&utm_medium=site%20buttons&utm_campaign=site%20buttons … via
Bro I’m so annoyed with everyone repeating their selfs I heard it the first time don’t gotta keep saying it
In a mad world, only the mad are sane. PopMYXTuesLove KIANO
I don’t know if it’s because of the Jewish holiday, but there was no traffic coming home from the gym.
Failed? As in past tense? Didn’t know you could go into the future Mo
My game keeps dashboarding and loading in on the wrong build
Fight On The Right Brewing In Ohio Over Governor's Gun Control Plans via  ...guess we’ll find out in a week if the governor is prepared to fight a losing battle for gun control laws that don’t work in the first place. #2AShallNotBeInfringedhttps://bearingarms.com/cam-e/2019/09/30/fight-right-brewing-ohio-governors-gun-control-plans/ …
Oops,  did I Tweet you while you are stocking the shelves? I forget you do that before you go home after your 16hr day!
(2/3)... Because (ASK ME HOW I KNOW) if you are asked to provide proof some fine day, and that doctor has retired or the group has closed, you might be screwed. Especially if it’s the only doctor that diagnosed or treated something specific.
The exhbition is at Critical Distance - a gallery in Art Scape Yong Place 180 Shaw Street Toronto ON. sorry for the confusion.
Night of the Demons 2 (been requested by many, so I decided to get it over with) Reviews of the second, third, and fourth games in the Castlevania franchise Possibly a chapter of Seattle By Night if I can get off my ass to write it. #HorrorMonth2019 #keepitspoopy
The Gugyer case is uniquely different from all the others which consisted of gross unlawfulness and illegality. Her case consists of lesser illegality.
Like the footage, really dislike the song but that’s not gonna deter me from watching live, and I rarely ever watch wwe live, I record it and start around 9-930 to skip the commercials.
 hahahhahahahahaha you would cherish the time alone without my pregnancy moods seriously though. You’d have no chance of me doing this
This and the unsolicited dick pics I got all weekend are the reason I can’t stand you
I'm a bisexual house wife who had two kids put of wed lock, met the man of my dreams, had a third kid with him only for my own mother to try to ruin everything we had out of her jealousy and loneliness, hubby is the father of all our kids. Only father they have ever known.
Off work, got an hour for the gym, then running my ass to class. Fuck!
I can say without certainty that xternal is bullshitting or blind here. The character animation here is masterful. Source: I know what I'm talking about. I'm actually, you know, studying this shit? He literally has no idea what he's talking about.
I suspect the officials understand the sensitivity of legality. I suspect this judge definitely does. The payout should be done with a gag order. The family may have a right to financial damages but not the right to infringe on the rights of Amber Gugyer.
There are only a few shows left on Fox we will watch, and Chris Wallace isn't on of the. If I want to hear a hate filled heart spew their vile lies I would play YouTube reruns of Hillary or Obama
it's not a political party. it's a supplement sales enterprise with an emphasis on radio and the internet. also gold. did you know it is a hedge against inflation.
At that point narinig ng adviser niya yung sinabi niya ang she tried to lecture him about what he said. But the kid was too stubborn at nag walkout pa siya sa adviser niya.
Ain't funny because when they fail to remove him and he's re-elected, then they'll try to kill him, that's where we're going, the secret service has the same deep state actors, sickening.
cm punk don’t eem brush his teeth imagine having to throw up the X cuz his breath assaulted u
Your first sentence is wrong. Plenty of mainstream conservatives rail against Soros. That's different from claiming the ridiculous idea that an entire ethnicity is in on a multi-generation plot to destroy the white race.
These past few weeks I couldn't find the date when videos were uploaded to yt and I was going cRAZY
Well that’s where the problem is. The replacements were not good. It’s not so much they got rid of him it’s who they replaced him with
Is the Payne case and Guyger case the same case. I don't think so. It's a matter of rights and who has them. Payne had no rights to so what she did. Payne had no rights to violate the rights of her victim. The difference with Guyger in my view is in Bothams rights.
i need a mutual to vent to ab what im thinking ab all the time bc i cant say it to someone i’ve already talked to without it becoming completely dramatic and annoying
Sorry to disappoint you but I'm not a guy and I'm not using any filters, though I was wearing makeup in the pic
Andrew Scheer was catapulted to the front of the line because of his social conservative views. He actually didn't work a day in his life! Poor Maxime, you were leading until the end.
Hasn't the supreme court repeatedly ruled that constitutional rights apply to everyone on US soil, citizen or not? And wow. Gunshot to the back of the head. Sounds like an execution.
Why do I continue to post videos on twitter knowing the quality is bad I’ll post it on instagram
Gr.11 me accidentally singing very very very by ioi next to a fob korean in the computer lab
Tonight, in his first interview since the impeachment inquiry broke,  joins me live on set! Hear his thoughts on what’s next for Trump and the Dems! #TrishRegan
every time i get sleepy i wanna draw things. ......, how the heck am i supposed to draw if i’m tired!!! nothing makes sense!!!
There is no fucking way he’ll be out of office by then, stop it. Focus on the election.
Stop making fun of ur parents when they don’t understand what a function does on their phone & telling them they’re from the Stone Age. You have them to thank for everything u have; stop being a fucking dick to the people who raised you & took care of you when no one else would
The ‘Vatican’ needs to be reformed!Praising children for protesting climate change while millions of babies are murdered in the womb is a gross misuse of power and questionable authority.
Someone's trying to ask me for my Twitter handle. As in, stop using it and change mine so they can have it. How entitled is the internet today!?
I usually don't have a sweet tooth but it hit the spot dude
Won’t find out and doesn’t matter because transcript says it all anyway. Nothing as characterized by #msm . #demwits last ditch effort they’re panicked at what’s coming with indictments for the traitors. #QuidProJoe
Too late!  was canceled today. The bill was too damn high.
#Review Line Up for October! We close out Series 2 of my #DoctorWho retrospective with "Doomsday", dropping tomorrow. Following it will be (in no particular order): Friday the 13th The Final Chapter A Nightmare on Elm Street 4: The Dream Master Halloween 6 (Theatrical) ...
WHISTLE BLOWER IDENTITY....I BACK PRESIDENT TRUMP AND TRUMP ONLY AND I COULD NOT CARE LESS WHAT THE COMMIE DEMONRATS ARE LYING ABOUT....PRESIDENT TRUMP IS ALL THAT COUNTS
No I totally understand that. I think people are more talking about when a baby is literally screaming crying in a restaurant ya know ? Or those people that let their kids crawl on the floors and jump on the booths and shit. That’s embarrassing.
Bruh couldn’t even look into the camera and answer the question but he’s bored
What is called style in art is merely the switchboard of these manipulation.
#BBNaija My baby be doing good as an MC, talking about Jack of all trades, the full package, I told y'all give her something, she'll kill it #VOTEMercyto32052
I have a suspicion the network will actually fold. Quebecor is losing money & they keep picking fights with Bell. A company that big won’t put up with that shit for long.
Precum began to dribble from the tip of Bakugou's dick, giving Kiricake a sample of what's to come. Kiricake mewled. The pain was worth it.
When the going gets tough, call in Hollywood Ghost Hunters! ##Radio http://bit.ly/ITLP0723MP3
If we lose the ability to communicate, we have no way out but violence. This thought is terrifying right now...
I just dont want to follow a lot of people for the sake of it
Obama?? No. Google this. "Tell Vlad, I'll be a little more "flexible" after the election" Direct quote.
#DeadlineWH I can see why all of the laughter. Trump’s clown show just got BUSTED and he needs to step down in the disgrace he currently is. Anything additional will be considered treason and he should be arrested and duck walked straight to prison. #TrumpTreason
All the good girls go to hell acústica ficou uma delícia nossa
Story about candidate underperforming in Iowa means that -- OMG candidate sux, can't drop out soon enough, quit now! OR -- Mainstream media is lying again, wants to black out My Candidate and the Movement. OR --Donate now! Work harder!
Does it matter? Look at the lies, Muller, Ford, Hillary, Comey so many more were all under oath. They lied so many times, could they even be counted? Under oath is a joke.
THEY ARE HIDING THE FACT THAT THE PRESIDENCY WAS INFILTRATED BY A USURPER! IT'S ALL LEADS BACK TO OBAMA....A Military Investigation is absolutely needed to investigate the entire Democratic Party within the Halls of Congress.
Australia is not their home. They are already in their caliphate homeland. They are murdering scum. We have people now living in Australia who had to flee these scum. How do you think they feel about the scum suddenly calling Australia home?
Greenwood’s done barely anything at all to be rated above Saka. A goal against Astana and Colchester? Wow... Saka is 18 was one of the most dangerous players on the pitch away at OT.
Bawhahahahaha!!! Did this silly ass bitch just call someone corrupt?!? Hahaha. Bitch you got more bodies than the Nazi death squads.... #Benghazi #WeKnow #FilthyBitch
If you take away the Pick 6 and muffed punt in the jets game their PPG is 3.25. That’s crazy
Trump should be hand cuffed and send to jail immediately! He is crazy.... his people offering $50000. to find the Wiesel blower. He also wanted to start civil war. Those who support him are not any better. It is time to repent!!!
The poorly trained cop in Mpls who killed Justine Ruszczyk is in jail and the residents are $20M poorer (it drained most of the self-insurance fund).
Can’t believe the linesman tried doing us dirty like that
How many firearms homicides in canada per year? If you know the number, then you know this is a dog and pony show. This isn't even worth discussing in canada. If these doctors want to reduce public harm they can start with their own malpractice The tackle alcohol etc.
Early Edition but it's Tweets from an hour in the future. And everyone still hates Henry.
When you and the homie arguing about battle rap and they randomly say Jakk took a round from JJDD
My heart steady pumping it’s hard to sleep through the night...
You are expressly going against the wishes of the organizers and subsequently are only punishing creators and potentially harming the bargaining position of laborers themselves.
At the end of the day, if you’re looking for the original church established by Christ through his Apostles, it’s either Rome or Orthodoxy. There’s too many theological problems with Rome and the rampant scandals of abuse for not just decades but centuries against women and kids.
who the fuck knows why they're trump supporters. but they are.
[hal-02300007] Arts education in emergency humanitarian aid: educational issues with young people living in camps in conflict areas in the Middle East https://hal.archives-ouvertes.fr/hal-02300007
Oh I combed it, and it was a gnarled mess! I can’t believe this guy. He not only lies, he twists the narrative and flips the truth in ways that relies on the republican assumption American citizens are too stupid to see through him.
Tell us about yourself 1- Samantha Angel M. Bargados 2- taken (?) HAHAHAH 3- Ilalim No. 1 4- 3,455 5- facebook 6- waley aq cruxx 7- idk 8- Filipino 9- 9 10- 0 11- papampam 12- wala pa naman 13- dancing 14- Hello! Pakiss hahahaha Drop an emoji for the questions
Is the moral of the story not to run marathons? Seriously what a horrible way to go.
If you don't support Bernie based on policies, then you probably aren't going to support him. It's pretty simple. All the other stuff is fluff, and unfortunately fluff matters to a lot of people.
He is! And he clearly belongs there! Thinking of all those poor dogs ‘whipped’ out of churches and cathedrals in the past this makes Ben extra-special!
I’m calling Yukako and telling her you’re cheating on her with the gangster boys
Once we were told Trump was "Individual 1", I thought he would do anything and everything to win in 2020 because he knows he can be indicted once he is no longer the President. Trump is the same person that said releasing his taxes would hurt him more than not releasing them.
Like, no one gives a fuck about Fall Out Boy or Alicia Keys being signed to a major label or fuckin King Krule being independent. They just enjoy the music. It only be when niggas be rapping bout doing shit themselves and really be signed when niggas care.
We are in serious trouble with these blind idiotic MP’s saying the most stupid things showing they just don’t know very much!
Omg. I forgot to tell y’all the story about how my BFF took the wrong girl on a blind date.
If you're a 12-year-old porn addict,  thinks the worst dangers are viruses, scams, and pop-ups.
Isn’t this the case when she went in the wrong apartment, HIS apartment? Judge must be on something...
We unfortunately have to postpone the Coffee with Your Congresswoman originally planned for tomorrow morning in KCK. We hope to reschedule for next week and will post an update as soon as details are confirmed.
Star Wars Resist... ~ S01E08 ~ The Platform Classic #tvtime https://tvtime.com/r/1bhg3
Just like you lying, anti-black, colorist, disgusting grown people never came on Jack Dorsey's Twitter and called Blue Ivy Carter (a CHILD) all the way out of her name
I’ll take a swing at that softball! How about Joe on tape bragging to the Council on Foreign Relations, about how he threatened Ukraine with the loss of $1Billon in loan guarantees unless they fired the prosecutor who was investigating his son’s company? .
cry in the morning bcs listening to never not by lauv and thinking about this past years in college, the memories yall
it’s cause he’s white and attractive and people drool so they excuse the blatant racism and abuse :/
When I saw how Ed Henry had flipped I knew my decision to cut the cable was right.
i wish my mind wouldn’t jump to the worst things first.
If Mr Christie didn’t want me eating a whole bag of Oreos in one sitting cuz that’s too many than he should make the bags with fewer in there. Boom. Problem solved
NEW VIDEO! A Charles update plus a little on the Chucky TV Show. Video is in my bio. #chucky #chuckydoll #fan #fanfilm #horror
it's hard to believe that a NEW WHEN THEY CRY ENTRY releases in 3 days i'm. scared because it's either gonna fuck me up as hard as the rest or i'm gonna be dissapointed and i have NO IDEA what the result will be
Atheism makes no claims. We simply say we see no evidence for any God claims. The religious need to stop distorting our position. #GoodWithoutGod #ExChristian #atheist
You realize we fought the Revolutionary War to break ties with the UK, correct?
Oh that was the worst part. Rand's philosophy is basically the talented should be allowed to do whatever they wish for the good of society, and she also REALLY hates the poor for being poor and therefore not talented or smart (she died on foodstamps as karmic punishment)
Let us boycott Indian products. Our governments may have compulsions but not we ,the people. #StandWithKashmir #SaudiArabia #Turkey #UAE #Malaysia #Pakistan #Australia #UnitedKingdom #Kashmir
Can twitter give me the option to download videos cause like wtf
Hey guys sorry for the lack of videos, haven't been feeling very motivated. Just drop topics you want me to talk below! Literally anything. As long as it has something to do with movies, comics, cartoons or video games!!
to take his anger towards her out on me, so him & another brutalized me for it, luckily for me this man if you want to call him that, tried to break my neck so he wouldn't have to face charges for rape. Thankfully he lacked the strength it
Right. Everyone—elected Democrats, journalists, members of the public—have seen the WH talking points. But the minority leader hasn’t? These people are far too wretched to rise to the level of insulting my intelligence.
finding balance in the things that make me lose mine. that’s the challenge but it comes around in due time.
That's an apt description. I'm uplifting bc I go out of my way to do so. It's not how I am naturally. I work on it all the time as a way to fight against depression, and if I can help someone else fight against it, I try, bc the world is much better with you here
This was literally the worst moment of my life when it happened
........... I’m high as hell this the first tweet I saw
I’m So Heartbroken Now I Have To Go To The Gun Range & Learn How To Shot In Order To Get Revenge For PROCTOR Tommy This Is War
I first posted it without and my smart friend didn’t know what Aries was so I had to go and ruin the aesthetic kfkfkf otherwise it all would have been for nothing
Tell me why the neighbors will do six loads of laundry and not clean the lint catcher once
The dems only game is to continue pushing everything negative Trump, Russia, Ukraine on and on and on. Their entire goal is to sour everyone against him, so they have the numbers to impeach him or make him un-electable. DON'T LET THEM GET AWAY WITH IT.
Should I stop somewhere on the way home today?♪ #MikaBot
Oh... you mean the Shield from the WWE?! My bad, but I'm still with you bro.
If a local band ever does this to me? I refuse to ever shoot them again. I have no issue with reminding people to credit but fucking the filter shit gets me heated.
I think it's the superiority complex that got to them. I use to love their acc when we were moots but now I look at their tweets and. its disappointing
Going for a job in the administration? Even Trump isn’t that stupid.
Give the guy time bruv. You cant just cancel a guy this soon....ref was shit.
hes so sickening this is the power u exude when ur the nation’s main vocalist and the standard for everything
doug she admitted she is only doing this because "trump cannot win 2020" that was her words. and CALL HER OUT FOR SAYING SHE HAD THE TRANSCRIPT BEFORE CONGRESS. thats bull
No, just angry that you folks won't reign in the guy you voted for.
From this day forward I will refer to all democrats with the pronoun, IT. Any other does not fit.
That nigga high ass hell. I'm totally convinced now it's the coca leaves fucking with their brains
Well, the stork (or the ) are going to be bringing me 2 elderberry bushes. I blame Twitter for this.
Decriminalise the use of medicinal cannabis for people with terminal cancer like my son. - Sign the Petition! http://chng.it/t5xM6vyY via
Tenants who have the credit, income and down payment to buy a home but do not, are helping to buy the home they rent for their landlord. http://bit.ly/2oyRDBp
jonathan joestar came out of thje tv screen and the;n he kicked my ass
lmmfaooo I remember jman n nesha pissed me off early one morning before school, I pushed tf outta that steering wheel n almost killed all 3 of us. they ain’t say shit to me the rest of the day n I didn’t care.
It is ironic in the profession dedicated to saving lives for lives of its own are not given the care and consideration needed not to feel such overpowering emotional exhaustion with a fear of being stigmatised if they ask for help.
Let the her ass be fasho trust me when they shit like that just be a bullshit excuse
You are perhaps one of the most vile and corrupt politicians in history.
I don’t know the number. But I know they could absolutely go higher than 150 every single year. There’s a reason they don’t open their books to the public. It’s a billion dollar company and they aren’t losing money year to year.
The key to an unboxing video is lots of angles. That way you can edit out yourself sounding dumb and it works into a coherent narrative that sounds almost totally different than the way it was originally recorded
no i NEVER said SH was the devil ... you are projecting. I think Gov should run deficits, especially when the cost of borrowing is at generational lows so that we can invest in the future. If rates are 18% i would tell you not to take out a mortgage.
Me: why doesnt my art improve:/ Also me: has had the same half empty sketch book for over a year and a half, doesn’t practice regularly, gets easily frustrated with whatever I work on, lazy
Bruh I ain't watching #MondayNightFootball. Both the #Steelers and the #Bengals will prolly lose #immaheadout
You and your husband take corruption to a level never seen. The Clinton crime cabal!
#PokemonMasters Fix your mistakes Gamefreak! This pose is horrible and Xatu deserves better! And if I see one person make this about the stupid National Dex I’m going to scream. Instead, let’s share some more horrible poses!
I'm still waiting for the antifa-murdered list of the dead to be released. It must go for miles with all the fucking outrage, right?
HUGGIN THE BLOCK, ALL DAY, I HAD NO PLACE TO GO SHE GAVE ME A PLACE TO STAY
This scandal is the biggest in US history and yet the media is helping to conspire with the DNC. I can’t even believe how evil they are.
#CivilWarPotLuck I will bring a large bucket, the largest, of Kentucky Fried Chicken and a Chocolate cake to try to lure the enemy in. To subdue him I'll bring a couple of hand-held containers of pepper spray that I use for hiking during peacetime.
If the GOP doesnt stop this nonsense and join the Impeachment Investigation without vitriolic rhetoric, name calling and dredging up unrelated issues you will regret the lost opportunity to due your constitutional duty as elected officials of The People and not your own interests
The Alt-Right: That group of people which does not agree with me on how right I am about my political views.
I always prefer it barefoot. Sometimes the shoe or dress etc makes the foot look weirdly shaped and ugly
That would be a terrible outcome unless the whole illigetimate administration is removed, too.
Disagree or not... It was dead, her song started playing,  went nuts, 1/4-1/2 the stadium followed suit. Consistently. Maybe the song just has that way with people, and the lady who tipped over wheelchairs and demanded millions from the AD had no part.
PSA: seriously, the lady at Nordstrom Rack will tailor your shit for free!
'Ojala que llueva cafe' es el Album of The Year y no quiero cuentos
I go off how ah bitch looks in the morning versus the day. Soooo if you two different people just humble yourself babe
Wow! Worst Pope and Worst President (BHO) in my lifetime! - no mention of the Islam/Christianity nexus ?
We ALL know this is gonna be the SHIT that I watch until he posts like 6 months later
"...the links between eating red meat and disease and death were small, and the quality of the evidence was low to very low." https://www.nytimes.com/2019/09/30/health/red-meat-heart-cancer.html …
khy the way them spiders was jumping , THEY GON BE ALL ON YOU you gon been don killed yourself trynna get them off you ... soooo technically it’s a lose lose ... either way i love you dawg
I’m writing something but ima just say that Robert Johnson, he was a singer, songwriter, and a musician of the Blues. He played the guitar and was born in Mississippi in 1911. He died in 1938 at the young age of 27 due to a poison that was placed in his drink. It’s a lot to it.
Chinese Communist Party has killed more Chinese People than all the foreign invaders combined
IMO there are two many shooter games these days. I would kill for a serious spy/stealth/infiltration game that's set up like Hitman, but not a goofy. (I thoroughly enjoy the goofy elements of Hitman, but I would literally KILL for a more serious answer to Hitman. Literally)
if you’re lost , you might need to swim against the tide
 You only got there because you rode on Han’s, er Indiana, er Jack Ryan, er...well all of Harrison’s characters. Don’t be upset #onehitwonder. The hate is strong with you!
Some boys: Now men. They depended on you. The believed in your leadership and mentoring. You cared more for their abuser. You let them down. Their lives are inextricably altered. That is a fact.
Out of all Trek characters who were part of the main cast across all shows and movies (not counting the pilots on Discovery), he is the most unused one -by far. The showrunners literally had no idea what to do with him, and he basically became part of the scenery. It's crazy!
 Can you please make Vikings trade  to the Patriots. Don't even care if I own a Diggs Vikings jersey I'll buy a Pats one to
Accidentally screenshotted the family group chat on snap and all of a sudden i became an opp ig it’s law nothing leaves the chat
He tested the first one in neo tilted to try to return a town he remembered. It went to far and brought back a universe that was stuck in western times. The next one he tried to bring back a retail district. He succeed but it was a universe full of evil brutes.
i would casually sell my soul to the devil to see that
Wtf?? Where are Mr Jean's rights to not be killed in the privacy of his own home by an irresponsible dip shit??
This doesn't have a name, like Watergate. When was Watergate named? We don't need "gate" to be in the name, that was the hotel name. No gates. Needs a name.
What? Weren't these two people in a relationship prior to one, a police officer, shooting the other dead? Stand your ground law in play even though shooter was on victim's property? What? https://dfw.cbslocal.com/2019/09/30/jury-consider-castle-doctrine-amber-guyger-murder-trial/amp/?__twitter_impression=true …
Buddy’s rants are basically the inspiration behind George Costanza going nuts.
trevor, 22, vegan straight edge, plays drums in a hardcore band and can be found at the skate park or nearest wawa at all times 10/10 will steal your heart
I’m going to a funeral tomorrow for a first responder who took his own life . He suffered PTSD and couldn’t. Take the pain anymore. #RIPMikeZainfield
#SpencvilleIncident [Final] CAL FIRE firefighters have stopped forward progress and have the fire contained at 8.4 acres. Spenceville Road and Waldo Road in Smartsville. Lightening strike to a tree.
Think you need to get real--even remain who believe in democracy are angry now with the disgraceful actions of remain MPs. How ridiculous to talk about ppl dying. You count the votes of the voters at the time of ANY Ref. People die people come of age to vote every day-get real.
lol tbh. i don't have a love life. the topic would be how single I am the entire time or how i miss someone or something along those lines. that's still messy.
Utterly deluded or else complicit in the deep corruption now coming to light The Satanist Pedavore Cabal that has victimized The World and Humankind for CENTURIES.... has LOST. They will eat no more of our children! Their spell has BROKEN and Trump is our CHAMPION!
Driver stopped by cops said he was speeding because of passengers FARTING – The Sun https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/10027622/driver-speeding-blames-passengers-farting/ …
I’ve seen much worse. A ban for the season is excessive.
As usual trump is the only one with his suit coat unbuttoned..which really bugs the crap out of me..
Looks like that idiot is bashing you on YouTube again. This time about the VCS
We will never be that lucky. We are in it for the Long haul.
Boonville strikes again on a 9 yd TD run. 2 point try incomplete. 12-8 Pirates 1:50 remaining in the half.
 an embarrassment to West Point, the Military & America  Barr the worst corrupt offender  bad spinner  OMG worst of corrupt sychophants  pretends to be man of the gospel-pure BS,corrupt w rest & up to UR -homophobe
Why is this shocking... The entire Obama administration was corrupt. Irs, gun running, unmasking, etc. #noaccountability #Dobbs #maga
the time has come y’all...i’m crushing on a white boy
Authorities: Tucson man killed son while trying to exorcise demon. Pablo Martinez admitted to pouring hot water down the child’s throat and holding him under water for 5-10 minutes.
why did no one tell me tHEY MADE A LIVE ACTION LADY AND THE TRAMP WITH TESSA THOMPSON
Stonewall, Eddie Munster Naplitano wants to have friends in the NY-DC corridor bcz he has lost all credibility. It is time for Judge Munster to resign and sign with PMSNBC
That's not true. These are conspiracy theories. Obama spied on senators and congressman,killed an american citizen with no jury or trial, even mueller said the representation of his report was accurate. Under oath. Theres no cult just facts and data they dont support you.
Lol. What really frustrated me about that message was finding out that my 30-45 minute therapy session was R835 I don't even need a psychologist. I am FINE. I was doing the heavy lifting anyways. Have another appointment in two weeks. I will cancel it.
me peeking out the blinds at the neighbors yelling the lyrics of Get Low with their windows open
So what the Democrats threatening this people with?
Anyway current wizkid is a disappointment compared to the real wizkid of that year
 who on your team thought it was a good idea to take out the speaking part at the beginning of "Still The One" on ? :( :'( please fix
"John's voice was one of the all-time greats, but he was always asking me to distort or bend it in some way, to 'improve' it." — George Martin
Colleges and other organizations across the country are more than capable and willing to host open invitation debates. DNC won't let them by threat of retribution. RNC probly the same. It's a absolute thievery of our democratic processes by the institutions we suppose to trust!
That moment you realize the first words to Too Close by Next is “Baby when we’re grinding, I get so excited” and not “Baby why you crying, like you’re so excited”....
I think the person that built the 114 loss team ought to be feeling a lot of heat to prevent this from happening again. Coaches can't coach a turd into diamonds.
This is a Succent called Stapelia Starfish Gigantea...the flower is over 12" across, and SMELLS LIKE DEAD MEAT...so when you come home and walk into the room, you think something has died. I call my OLD plant HILLARY...
Stop The Madness #StopTheMadness #WalkAwayhttps://www.stopthemadness.gop/
Trump is the least creditable and dishonest politician in our history! He has no morals and no shame!
"The third time you used this trick was in my bed." иииии до свидания (в смысле, на сегодня эмоциональной мясорубки с меня хватит)
It's hard to say who is crazier, the FOXNEWS Opinion staff or their "Contributors." The Murdochs sure are poisoning our culture to bamboozle our gullible rubes.
"Says the first one who's been rejected by the princess. Sides, I never EVER wanted to come between them. I just enjoy pissin princes off."
I just don’t be wanting to do the most anymore, but I been meaning to slap fire outta a hoe
•̩̩͙✩ Oh the shipping thing again? I just say mute them. Yeah soome ships are in question but its just a ship and thats all it'll be not like youre a bad person for shipping them. Its just an iinterest and no one should feel judged for it no matter who they are. Im sorry they ~
If you have an “impeachment team” you’ve got problems • RT : Aides to Trump are warning him he faces the real likelihood of being impeached. Some of those conversations occurred on Friday as Trump met with his impeachment team, we’ve learned…
also does anyone have any brush suggestions for procreate????? i dont like the ones i use to paint :(
Bullshit. There are only 3.5 million in the country.
why is the man on the fucking bus eating a can of ravioli i hate my life
#gunsense Any Pre-Screening for Gun Sales should have a [Species] of record, and of course, the list of forbidden have been Pre-Blocked by  DemocApes sing DAY-O https://youtu.be/hpuwILAUgoc  HAD A DREAM! {LAUGH} #GreatAwakening #PriMATE
It's called moving the goal post, and it doesn't really matter what they do. If Trump wins again this will never stop. And I for one am really sick of stupid shit.
The power went out when I was taking a shit I just sat there in the darkness
But since his actual plan is to delay until the U.K. falls out by operation of law, is this a sound proposition? A GNU would take at least 10 days to get in place & a VONC won’t stop the clock. If there’s no agreement, we crash out midnight 31/10 ...
Sign the petition: Governors can block Stephen Miller's latest attack on refugees https://act.credoaction.com/sign/governors-refugees-welcome … #refugeeswelcome via
#DavidDennison is going to throw everyone under the bus... scourched earth of the dirty and soulless ... and then our country will reclaim our decency
I don’t believe a goT DAMN WORD UNLESS I SEE THE MF MAN HIMSELF DROP the mF ALBUM!!!!!!!! I WENT THROUGH HELL IN 2016!!!!!!!!!!!
Lol I can’t wait till I make it so I can say “im the disappointment of the family remember?” Fuck out my face u ain’t believe in me
No president, regardless of party or situation, should NEVER quote tweet something that can incite violence. The fact that we already have people that are willing to carry out violence in his name is scary enough. Now planting the seed for them, again
 the worst service ever at store 990 in  ! The store is extremely dirty & the employees attitudes are even worst. We waited almost 15 minutes for food while this girl was on her cell phone. Horrible experience.
.  why has the recess not been cancelled? What could possibly be more important than investigating a lawless crime syndicate in the Executive branch?
the notebook had me SOBBING I need to watch it again
FACT. I could lose days to watching the office. It’s quite dangerous honestly
Yeah, why does the CEO just get to walk away with all that money after leaving the company in debt? Why are there not repercussions?!
It’s wild how many people have to learn the hard way that I’m not the fucking one
Mate if we beat palace 3-1 we would have lost the title on goal difference! What don’t you understand?
I’m just about done with the anime community. Fucking any “Team A vs Team B” thing is just stupid as soon as you put Saitama in it because then you’ll have people looking very dumb trying to argue it.
I don’t know what happened but for SOME reason for the past 12 hours y’all have decided to act like FOOLS... broken 2 mutuals bitch let’s make it 3!
Ive been sick for the past two days and am already missing breathing out of both nostrils
I don’t recall a single person being okay with the relationship. In fact, all I ever saw was the world complaining about how gross it was
I did not have sex with that woman!That was a lie!And by the way he lied under oath!
My husband had a tantrum this morning b/c he couldn’t find the toothpaste. I fixed the problem...
Nobody you fool. The form was not changed regarding first person witnesses.
Seriously? There have been NDP governments in Nova Scotia, Ontario, Saskatchewan, Alberta and BC. Not one of them has had moved to introduce #ProportionalRepresentation. They behaved just like the Liberals once they had power. BC managed the most screwed up referendum #cdnpoli
They won’t stop. The only thing to do is to become immune to their slander and lies.
I'm playing Identity V. Fancy a game? this is my first time using mechanic while being laggy aka not the best combo
Rub you the wrong way? Want to hurt the democrats? Contribute here. FEC deadline at midnight. 9/30 https://www.donaldjtrump.com/
I thought the blind, ignoramus and the million mumu said  distorted the Lagos Master Plan. Now let them enjoy what thier corrupt, greedy god-father presented to them. Yeye society
House? You were lucky to have a house! We used to live in one room, all hundred and twenty-six of us, no furniture. Half the floor was missing, we were all huddled together in one corner for fear of falling from the British weather.
when i was a kid i thought pregnant women weren’t allowed to swim because the baby would drown
It's not that they don't care. It's that media is not going to budge no matter what he does. We've seen that in their coverage as he releases his plans and the way those are covered. In polling when they literally skip over #2 mentioned #1 and #3. Please.
My mom said that she was gunna cut the girl that works at Rite Aid because she disrespected me on Friday
You can just hear the fear in his jumbled mess if word vomit. After today, there should be no question that #ImpeachmentIsComing
Seogwipo, South Korea: Shut down the illegal dog farms! - Signez la pétition ! http://chng.it/QqwPH7pp via  Seogwipo, Corée du Sud: Fermez les élevages illégaux de chiens!
My mom came home talking on the phone, interrupting my show and told ME to turn the volume down... I was here first tho..
America has a cultural acceptance of getting into bad debt, buyings things they can’t afford and don’t need. I’m not talking about the bum on the corner, victims of gentrification, etc. I’m talking about your typical twitter responder wearing a negative NW like a badge of honor.
I have neighbors that fly the confederate flag proudly and use racist slang in referring to people of color. In other words, I have got to moveeeee
So MPs refuse to have a 'vote of no confidence' and let the *public* chose a new PM, but will remove the PM in a coup and appoint someone without asking the public at all... We don't have guns, but there is no limit on what one can use in self-defence.
Jesus will also say to many, "For how many years were you drunk?" "Why did you neglect / abandon the children I gave you to care for and love?" "When did you stop thinking about yourself for a change?"
Wori got so dirty at the park , tub gone be black !
 Bloody fingerprint sensor stopped working in the latest android update... on my S9+ not happy...
Sis in some cultures, the bride isn’t even supposed to smile on her wedding day and she’s definitely not supposed to kiss her husband in front of everyone. Some dumb ass shit
As sense failed you too.... Sorry for the pepper deal with it #inyourface
You think a black person took a pay off to protect Trump and Pence....and let 3 white boys call her nappy and cut her hair? ..Bro...black women don't play that. Let it go....She gets the L. For liar.
Attorney Gen William Barr won't stop until he puts a 'Shut Up' on the 'mad house madness'! He will give the straight of it!
You should be banned from.entering HK forever just for your abuse of hashtags. Sorry I don't make the rules.
Terra Tied Up https://www.clips4sale.com/studio/137413/mean-feet-fetish/Cat0-AllCategories/Page1/ClipDate-asc/Limit10/search/Whacklist+mp4+hd … Please hide me I can't hide you I need you So I run to the river
 who the heck does your graphics? they need a raise. #Insane #ESPN
Oh, the webs of deceit grow ever thicker and golden... Like Trump Vodka? Golden vodka? Icck
Favorite horror film? I’m talking stressed out afterwards... will piss the bed to not go to the bathroom in the middle of the night, scared
As if 5pm Monday there has only been 0.04" of rain measured at the Danville Reporting station this September. If this holds until midnight (meaning no more rain at the site) September 2019 will go down as the driest September in Danville history. https://bit.ly/2m2Soyk
Before anyone else shits on the CPC based on what the Rebel said, look at this. Something wasn't smelling right as soon as that news broke.
 haters gonna hate... Fuck'em. R.V.D... The whole fucking show
“....Ness.” Lucas would say, placing the bag down on the dark-haired boy’s bed, before making his way to the curtains and opening them up—letting light enter the room. “You can’t just sit in the darkness forever. I know I—“ He paused, trying to think of what he should even —
James Martin S.J. is a disgrace. Stop giving him a public platform. The pope has enough issues without being associated with Martin.
If this were GOP they’d run goddam impeachment right up until the November election with no acceptance of a time table (“Oh does protecting the Constitution have a time limit, Chuck/Martha/George/Margaret?!”) and if they lost they’d be like “impeachment investigation continues”!
He lied about it being a parody when he saw the reaction and blow back. Schiff is a prolific liar.
TRUMP THE DEMOCRATS WILL NEVER DO ANYTHING TO HURT AMERICA...EVER!!! FACT!!! HOWEVER MR TRUMP EVERYTHING YOU ARE DOING IS HURTING AMERICA AND MILLIONS OF AMERICANS!! FACT....STEP DOWN...OR BE TAKEN DOWN!!!EITHER BY PENCE AND THE 25TH AMENDMENT....OR IMPEACHMENT!!LOCK TRUMP UP!
He takes the time to be genuine- The previous commander made his contempt known.
to clarify, I don't really believe this, because putting everyone on a straight line of how oppressed they are is a bad way to do intersectionality, and not everything is the same for everyone in all communities anyway, but charging forth onwards with this hypothetical belief-set
You jumped off a roof and stabbed a man in the back.
Chow this beave and I am cumming are solid.....don’t pull out is the scary one
PSA: assume every supplement is a scam. You don't *need* any of them if you have a balanced diet. Tl;Dr this article advocates for protein and creatine supps. I can back certain types (plant based, soy free) of protein supps. For the majority of people creatine does nothing.
He also brought divorce papers to the hospital that his first wife was being treated for cancer.
Someone making their own costumes, but they accidentally poke themselves with the needle and now their movements get more clumsy, their body becoming softer
Kyugsoo's agressively sucking on Jongin's tongue when the latter slightly pushes him to pull out. "Sorry baby, I have a meeting in 20 minutes. How about you go home muna and wait me there huh?" Ngumuso si Kyungsoo. "But-" "Don't be a spoiled brat or you won't be having double
The feds can’t bargain away NY state’s right to prosecute, but it would be foolish if his attorneys didn’t demand that NY drop its cases as well in exchange for his abdication.
"....is the only I'm giving!" Translation: I don't want to answer because it will prove all the rhetoric I've been spouting is bullshit.
will hurt the swampy republicans the ruling class not your average American that voted TRUMP. Now it will did and has hurt the DEM and will really hurt in 2020
Cut in the afternoons, thresh in the mornings, repeat. New AR hybrids to test in 2020. Hybrid rice crew within a couple weeks of completing #harvest2019.
IPHONE 11 CAN TAKE PICTURE OF THE MOON THAT DONT LOOK LIKE A TINY GLOWING CHEESE IN THE SKY
Right? And the runners weren't advancing at their own peril. They'd easily advance.
There was a funeral for pager services in akihabara. Pagers are officially outdated in japan (lol). Everyone else is going, “What about fax machines? When’s the funeral for that?” Japan has so many old school systems and procedures I think we need a mass funeral.
'Was she vaporized?' Prize for wanker of the year goes to Barry Taskarov
You seriously are the  of failed radio talk show hosts.
Harry Potter and the half blood prince up your bum (not sure about ruined but..)   #ruinafilmbyaddingupyourbum
Ten Lost in the middle of nowhere (Remix) #CancionFavoritaPop #LatinAMAs
Gossip, which the president corroborated with the transcript?
They hit the Vulnerable and Elderly With Batons and Slocks. Pepper spray Throw Food and drinks Back up Traffic like Idiots Refuse to let Conservatism have a Voice And So much more
The only thing Goldobin brings is a little bit of offence he has shown 0 development in any areas of his game. Baertchi is one hit away from being on IR, Beagle Sutter may not produce a lot of offence but it takes pressure off Horvat to take 2000 draws like he did last year.
In 1999 Bill Clinton signed a treaty with Ukraine signed by the Democrat president on mutual legal assistance on criminal matters. The treaty establishes a range of cooperation between the two governments about making testimony available, about making people available.
Not sure what was in the air today, but I wanted to yell at everyone.... Needles to say wanted the relationship rep at Bank of America fired...I said that to him. I want you gone. You’re not equipped to have the word relationship tied to your dna. What a day.
Sheldrake and others like him have published their data - the Institute of Noetic Sciences and other such institutions publish their findings - but so far it hasn't gained much traction. I suspect we will have different views as to why that is.
No one can trust anyone in the Trump administration. They all lie and give every country reason to hate us. It’s shameful what they done.
Quit with the BS. Sad that people still believe the left but as each day goes by, people are finally realizing the damage and lies the Democrats have pushed on
the mining companies are using and misleading their workforces. its hard to sell someone on $180k a year for basically driving a tractor that the future in renewables is going to be good. the miners all say the same thing "fuck the planet"
90% of the time. The rest is when he pisses me off & makes me wana run him over with a bulldozer
Dak really ass without Amari if anything I’m paying Amari and telling Dak find somebody to pay you 40M on the open market
You maxed out on the population who has brain worms. No more to be had
Scroll thru Twitter, cheeks gettin clapped Scroll fast in case the kid behind me saw, cheeks gettin ate I can't win, issa Monday
Perjury. The phrase you're looking for is "felony perjury."
 -this account has been suspended  without doing any problem please let me know why you suspended?? this accounts didn't break the twitter rules and didn't insult anyone .. why suspend them ?!
So now Wally can't be the main heroic Flash. He is utterly ruined forever. Even if they do a redemption arc & pretend it didn't happen. It did. Look at Hank Pym, Scarlet Witch, Hal Jordan. Insane storylines need to be eventually conceived to even put Wally freshly back in
This guy is a partisan hack supporter of an attempted soft coup against a duly-elected president. He has no shame and will spread any false narrative necessary to achieve his partisan ends. He and others like him will get wrecked when the Obama/Clinton spying scandal is revealed.
Elizabeth Warren you appear clueless. Any woman in the US that wants an abortion can get one. However I do not want to pay for it.
Rashida is traitor and a mole set by the dark side to infiltrate America. One by one they will get into office and fulfill their agenda to take down America. It's working. Never have I seen people hate a president as much as they hate trump. The squad will soon grow 10, 20etc.
A5. Not giving up at all! Changing strategies is the name of the game. If you're not fluid with your strategies, that's when major problems occur #impactmatters
Excuse me?! You solve a problem by looking the other way? Are those protests approved by the city and the police? Can I go in the middle of a busy street and protest whatever? I am sure all of us have our grievances. Apply the law and disperse the protests if not legal
Rather pay that than give $150 m to Marvin the Martian.
Niggas really just typed a 500 word essay in an hour at the last minute lmao fuck college I just want the check
I have arrived back home. What a long day of travel. I’m spending time with the family and then going to bed Sorry not sorry everyone! I will stream tomorrow for all the #TwitchCon2019 hilarity and awesomeness! #damgoodgamers #deadtotheworld #sleepy #whataweekend #tillnextyear
The more he shouted "no collusion," the more convinced I was that there was eventually going to be some collusion for which Trump could be charged. #DictatorTrump, #WorstPresidentEver
And you’re incorrect. They are exactly like pugs in this sense. The minute that betta gets sick, old age, or stressed, their suffering is much worse, because of this unhealthy line from the start, no matter how experienced you are. And every single one will experience that.
You can’t heal in the same environment that made you sick
I missed my flight outta LA and cried the entire time I was explaining what happened and I got a free flight back to Denver. I cried the whole way through security and a TSA agent brought me food to my terminal. It was one of the worst days of my life
After Trump invokes the Civil War, his mockers on Twitter rush to sign up https://wapo.st/2msFDAY
I really had to delete the bad ones. This girl was the cardi b the wedding needed
Most Americans are smart enough to see Mr. Trump for who he is. Most are not on Twitter and do not waste their valuable time screaming & hollering for attention. Most also have no allegiance to either political party. The R party will suffer for abandoning its principles.
Wasn’t expecting to see  shake his ass in his underwear in the last podcast video premier were those #TommyJohn brand?
Advancing the unfounded conspiracy theory that Ukraine is somehow behind the Russia investigation does not serve US interests; it only advances the interests of Russia and the Trump administration. You are making excuses for a criminal administration.
Sometimes I wonder about the conversations I have with some people if I stopped trying so hard to keep it going.
I wonder if part of my reading problem is that I am currently reading 2 non-fiction books (something I rarely do). One is Radical Candor (a book about how to be a good boss) and Drop 2 Sizes - a nutrition plan book bc I'm doing the plan
Fighting the urge in Reactive Spending https://moneystir.com/fighting-the-urge-in-reactive-spending/ … via
How immature and sad. I have a job that requires I cover my tattoos. I do. Because in the real world, we have things called responsibilities.
This is what happens to you when you ask  the wrong questions. This is unbelievable. One more reason to vote for   #PeoplesParty
Oh yeah...something definitely is-saying he worked in the Robbery division-I wonder if they also investigate organized crime?
I still ain’t respond to him neither i really hope my next bf can fight cause the way my life set up smh
The charter school commission was created this spring by lawmakers at Lee’s urging. It has the authority to override charter school rejections by local school boards. https://www.chalkbeat.org/posts/tn/2019/09/30/tennessee-governor-appoints-members-of-new-state-charter-school-commission/ …
His testimony and cooperation with federal prosecutors helped result in the 2007 murder convictions of mobsters Joseph Lombardo, James Marcello and his brother, Frank Calabrese Sr.
Also it humanizes the cube, making it less scary, and they got rid of the numbers so you can’t even tell what rooms trapped and it just makes it unbeatable.
Said the little boy who cried wolf. When you lie 17,000 times, people quit believing you.
Lol bruh I really had my leggings on backwards the wholeee day wtf
What aboutism and deflection is all you've got. Gaetz is a criminal and so is Trump. Releasing a transcript which confirms you committed treason hasn't gone well has it. Kinda like sending your talking points to the Democrats. But at least you're not suing an imaginary cow. Sad
Still sad over the fact that savys isn’t 24 hours anymore
just added up how much money I'd need saved up to comfortably move out, and it is $10000CAD. That accounts for 3 months of not earning any money, which probably won't happen, but I want to account for it just in case shit hits the fan. that's what I'll be working towards now.
Not feeling this workout today got a headache the moment I walked into this gym smells spicy in here
Unfortunately Lights are in Off conditions, seems to be feedback is wrong or concerned is not understood the location I.e.Maint entrance of Nashik road station near police booth
We are witnessing the destruction and take down of the entire corrupt democrat party
-‘ stolen from tl ‘- shuffle your playlist, take the first four songs and let your followers judge you.
 Lied to us about needing the transcript Thats not the worst of it When AG BARR invesgtigates HOUSE/SENATE INTEL and OBVERSIGHT, FOIA comes, all the info comes out. Its coming. First time I have ever said this. BUT I THINK ITS COMING HARD NANCY!
Donald Trump cannot be tolerated in the White House for any longer than it takes to invoke and complete the legal and constitutional process of impeachment. He represents an imminent danger to the nation that worsens by the hour.
To answer the last question: I don't think it's powerful enough. To the first question, yes, that's stupid and I've run into it several times already. The "real" solution is to get a USB-C monitor so everything goes through that, but that's waaaay in the future.
The pictures never do her justice. #moon , Virginia https://www.instagram.com/p/B3DfK-3BU0h/?igshid=19opg21revx9y …
Ever since I got married Facebook has been going hard with the misogynistic T-shirt ads
Ladies and gentlemen... It's time!!! The "Month of Scares" is back!!! https://youtu.be/3-7QVwBvhnE
As God said in the book of Psalms, they are standing in their graves. They are the wicked. Those who are double tongued. Those who gnash their teeth at all who are just and upright. There will be justice in the world. And it’s master will be Christ come to rule over all nations.
Spoiled little bratty punks harassing the elderly. These people don’t even have a reason to protest. They just love chaos and violence. #AntifaDomesticTerrorists
nine Lost in the middle of nowhere (Remix) #CancionFavoritaPop #LatinAMAs
Have a feeling there will be a queue around the block. Every day.
I hung out and partied with people that I looked up to on tv and in the music industry and damn Vancouver really isn’t shit
now that you've collected the clues you need, we're going to challenge your ability to solve the murder case. if you come up with the right killer... you'll get a cash bonus after clearing this stage. so who do you think the serial killer is? you can figure it out... can't you?
Huh? The pass was poor, end of story. Lindelof was and should've been expecting the ball to his feet but ended up having to stretch for it. It doesn't matter which defender you put in that situation. Stop scapegoating
Wtf?!? I guess I’m confused. What are they looking for?  knows he colluded with the Russians. He’s admitted to the Russians that he’ll welcome their interference again for 2020. So what are these scumbags doing?
Risk: No, you don't want to risk it. Just put the box away, and walk away.
The #USPS  holds the key to preventing big-tech biased censorship and insuring our online privacy.  #Shiva4Senate
The 4% who answered no are either lying, or very young and popular.
One of the hardest voices I copy. Tyler and Robert Plant, but I copy Coverdale no problem, go figure.
Another day has passed without me using perspective drawing . The way I suffered with this thing eenh!
I walked in the house with groceries and told my mom im tryna eat good so i can blackout this weekend & her response was son of a bitch you better not be acting like a damn fool
NFL is getting softer and softer by the day. SMFH #VontazeBurfict lighting fools up like a Raider should #RaiderNation
This is game fixing and the managers should be banned from NPB. It's disgusting and no different what the White Sox did in 1919.
Now that all the fine people have gone to sleep, I can finally drop this ugly picture!!!
The world needs a re_start button Imagine being born out of rape only for you to be raped your entire life how fucked up is that ?
If she was using it to make a political statement maybe I’d agree with you but that’s not what’s going on here. She’s using it in the same way most people use it and that Way is completely unobjectionable. You’re assuming it’s for some political means based on your dislike
Nancy Pelosi Has Lost It, Says She’s Willing to Lose the House if It Means Trump Is Impeached https://www.redstate.com/brandon_morse/2019/09/30/nancy-pelosi-lost-says-shes-willing-lose-house-means-trump-impeached/ …
Boys Varsity Tennis, 1 doubles, Miguel Silva & Angel Segura battled the Cougars and pulled in an 8-5 victory in the dual against Gross #GoBears #WeDontHateIt #WeAreBryan #PowerDuo
It is at The Daily Mirror! Although that said the majority of their readership voted Leave. Its the  journalists who all read The Guardian
Lol I almost died tonight because my Lyft driver went to bed at the wheel. I got a glimpse of hell and didn’t see you anywhere.
apparently I’m too dumb to figure out how to pull the stop requester cord on the bus and I ended up getting off 2 stops past where I needed to and I’m gonna cry lol
 The vision contained no 津波 of racism from Gilbert, Gilbert emitted fire which consumed the Iger heads. 280 characters forced sporadic deletion, confounding the message. You walk for the right reasons, I'm not done making fun of you to amuse myself and others.
Gonna try this freaking twitter thing again. It is all too confusing at the moment. Everywhere I look I see abuse of power. This is just one giant shitpile.
Could those killed for not worshipping the image of the Beast used as the mark be countries that break from US Dollar as their reserve currency?
Harry really gets pretty insufferable from Order of the Phoenix on, doesn’t he? Little shit got all cocky being the “Chosen One.” He and Luke Skywalker are arguably the most annoying “heroes” in their respective universes. Thanks for coming to my #TEDtalk I’ll die on this hill
Investor puts out Governance proposal to replace an abusive $Dash moderator on Reddit. "It's completely non binding" — says the accused. https://www.dashcentral.org/p/macrochip-basilpop …
I stole Hillary Clinton’s yellow blazer but I’m prolife. Buzz buzz don’t kill the bees HillBill #prolife Do you want me to swing an election from the banana stand? One more fake report to DCS and I’m going to shit on your abortion parade.
On this day Smoking Joe was ultimately stung by the Bee. Fast, furious & ferocious Ali sent Frazier's mouthpiece flying away twice; on second occasion into the audience. Joe couldn't return for #15! Fans must watch rounds 13 & 14 for ultimate experience #Thrilla_in_Manila1975
my nana is ggrrtyyin mad at me for not talking at the tesutrany but i’m loterlly about to go jimp oxfffff the bridge so why doessss it matterer :)))))
Republicans don't cheat. That is strictly to domain of the Democrats. It is their fallback argument if they should lose and lose they will. There is a storm on the horizon and it should be over the target of Washington D.C. on about Nov. 3, 2020. Four more years.
Omg did you attend public schools? That's NOT what the document says. You HAD to be listening to Schiff's PARODY . The Democrats NEED your TDS gurl: they've lost US!!
I find this so dumb. He’s bad, he’s always been bad his entire adult life and he convinced a lot of people to go along for the con man ride. They all bought into the right wing Fox News lies and crazy town. It’s like taking apart a cult.
Downloading My Disney Experience solely to view how not crowded the other parks are other than EPCOT tonight. This is what I found: What is wrong with you people??? Why in the hell is Tomorrowland Speedway the longest wait in MK? Also none of you appreciate Dinosaur.
im sick of how the way academia is designed essentially is abuse, im sick of how people who are marginalized are made to feel inadequate even when people are "nice" and try to help, im sick of it all
Fake it till you make it I don’t really know the meaning of a lot of words but I understand the gist or whatever?
I need one kiss from drake before I die for making the real her.
I just added The War of the W... to my library! #tvtime https://tvtime.com/r/1bhg1
Minimum wage prices low skilled workers out of the labor market.
Now that’s the look of a baby who doesn’t know what the fuck to think.
this song was MY SHIT in 4th grade........................ and i still totally listen to it all the time
Individuals will be escorted from the stadium and are subject to legal prosecution if they pass off alcohol to a minor, attempt to use a fake ID, are intoxicated or do not provide proper photo ID when requested by stadium personnel or law enforcement.
All this "reporting" is ridiculous and adds nothing - Trump already released the quid pro quo with Ukrainian President
tradcath is the obvious answer because so many of that sort somehow end up there but Dawkins gives off such incredible prod energy i can't see him anywhere but in CofE even though no one has willingly converted to it in about a 100 years
I mean you don't want someone queuing up for unranked and then abandon it when their squad wants to do ranked. Unranked is supposed to have the same commitment and gameplay as ranked just without the ladder anxiety.
When his enemies were closing in on Hitler he retired to his bunker and ordered all German infrastructure destroyed to spite his enemies. Germany was to be his funeral pyre. The Germans ignored that last insane order for the most part. Trump is capable of analogous behavior.
Abyss, Brooklyn 99, train to busan, the chilling adventures of Sabrina, mr. Iglesias, black mirror, how to get away with murder
She fuck with the oops I walked in her spot with my gun out
Update : didn’t pick up my check now I’m broke for the week ://
Your right Mr President you and thousands more would like to see that. Only this time under Oath. You can bet on one thing, he was not in it alone. The guiltless ones always find a dumb ass pasty with no brains to do their dirty work. He has committed Treason for sure this time.
At no point will patrons be permitted to take alcoholic beverages outside of the stadium. All patrons will be required to produce a valid photo ID when purchasing or consuming any alcoholic beverages inside the stadium.
Catholic Priest Claims Climate Change, Not Killing Babies in Abortions, the Biggest Pro-Life Issue https://www.lifenews.com/2019/09/04/catholic-priests-claims-climate-change-not-killing-babies-in-abortions-the-biggest-pro-life-issue/#.XZKVAChbVvY.twitter … Father, sorry but you are grievously wrong.
SCIENCE! DRAMA! MURDER! Who knew beekeeping would be so soap opera-ish. I do hope your girl is ok and ready to take her revenge or at the very least, the next one stays in her lane. Bc honey. No drama.
Because they wanted another Ttrumpt or B Johnson in office & that's what they got. They've lost their bloody minds down there. Shameful. They used to be proud, unique, and strong. Let's see what they do with their cowardly wanker, when the other two aforementioned, go down .
What? Daddy? I hear people saying it all the time and I get confused DX
Well this is true. The list of saints who enriched the Church, by suffering injustice FROM it, is quite long. Padre Pio, St. Joan of Arc, St. Lydwine. It echoes pre-Messianic Judaism where prophets were treated very badly and often put to death.
Maybe she will ride off into the sunset with Adam - it's time for chatacters to leave since they are bringing some new ones on. Budget
I still don't understand the use of the Cambrian period when humans were not alive then ? #auspol
 these CIA sympathizers dont understand that non plutocrats realize Trump is fighting American Imperialism. Also 90 of media is Liberal, Jay Z was correct, pundits ignore the role of CIA/FBI in Russia hoax.
Nowadays you gotta hide ya mans these females will go w the move fr then swear they ain’t kno
It is rumored  is in critical condition at the hospital from this post.
following all state and city laws. No alcoholic beverages will be sold at any of the current concession stands in Louis Crews Stadium. Beer sales will begin once gates are opened to the general public, and will end at the conclusion of the third quarter of contests.
i protect my girl selena so fuck the #BieberWedding
Murder Human Rights Abuse Demonisation victimisation stripping innocent people of their dignity etc via  has been taking place since 2010 & yes we are scared it's our daily terror so yes civil unrest could happen but even that doesn't stop the REAL Genocide taking place!
BREAKING: Letter From Australian Official Emerges That Casts Doubt On New York Times’ Report http://dlvr.it/RFDRNr via The Daily Wire
The TORTURE of elephants in the entertainment industry is well documented. Educate yourself next time before you make a mockery of an animal's suffering.  Agatha ANIMAL ABUSER and her entire following are shameful mindless DRONES.
I wonder, is there anyone out there who has never been sick? Like with the flu, cold, strep, etc?
Making the first pot pie of the fall. No I do not care that it is going to be 95 tomorrow. It’s October.
I try to keep an ageless mindset but then I have had three people I grew up with who are my age die from embolism, breast cancer, and stroke. The guy who died of a stroke was a slender guy who I thought would be the last one to die this young.
This dude at the gas station was blasting EDM out of his car dancing around while squeegeeing it and then says to me “oooo u wanna wrestle me to the ground and arrest me” cuz I was wearing camo pants (?) like nah dude I actually wanna stab u. Thanks tho
at every concession stand throughout Louis Crews Stadium. Controlled alcohol sales at football games will be limited to one location — a kiosk located within the Louis Crews Stadium concourse. Alcoholic beverages only will be sold by trained and licensed servers
like im beyond tired of swallowing indignity after indignity just to get an education and have a life for myself. it shouldnt be my job to go on about the lack of access people like me face it's on the damn ableds that run the shitshow that is academia to make it work
You want to claim that coercion somehow follows. I’ve laid out why I think that’s based on a misunderstanding of my claim. You just pivoted to a totally different tack that seems to ignore the reasons I’ve given by changing the subject
lol In this very thread you are responding to. It contains examples of non-Nazis being targeted. One was even a liberal protesting against the alt-right. His crime? He carried a US flag to show they the flag doesn't belong to the right. For that, he got beat up.
which has zero relevance to the WB complaint. none.  continues to gaslight.
Trump on his tweets makes treats against the U.S.. FEEL sorry for the whistle blower.
there’s no movie character i hate more than the leopard in tarzan it can choke
Barr is a stooge and nothing else. He is complicit in Trump’s efforts to undermine the institutions that make America great and after Trump is voted out he and everyone else in the administration should be brought up on charges of treason
What the hell is a twwwt? Betta you keep you yeye open
People who have no citizenship have no right to votes. That's why its important to know who they are, so they are not counted in the census.
#BlastsSyncUp On the SyncBlast side, in the Science package we have a SB coming tomorrow about Tesla vs. Edison in a battle for electrical technology dominance. And in the Social Studies package, tune in tomorrow for a SB about the skills needed to be an entrepreneur #SnycPreview
no to discredit how much my mental health has improved over the past year but damn depressive episode me was way more funny
Only you could name check my top 3 all time directors in one tweet. It would be in the style of Short Cuts. I’m casting Patricia Arquette as myself and asking Aimee Mann to write songs.
Are we in a trade war with China because they refused to gin up dirt on the Biden family?
Exactly. They can now be fired from a typical law weapons tube. Nothing special required but the warhead.
I don’t really think this is how most people saw it. I saw a media person refusing to even consider both Biden and Trump could be in the wrong. I saw operation protect Biden and I was very disappointed by Tapper.
Whomever puts this together for the Bears is on fire.
THEY WERE LIKE... THIS IS FOOL PROOF.... and then everybody wakes up because the sun was rising and theyre like.. uhh shiet lol
This could cause the EU’s credibility to its members damage. It’s a WA, the EU know FTA is going to happen yet hold onto this backstop. I don’t believe taking the backstop out will be enough anyway. There will be no time to tweak it, Boris will stand by his promise as he has to.
Because of this cheap shot to the right knee, McCallie senior 4-star DL  has a Grade-2 MCL injury and will miss 4-6 weeks. Obviously that means not getting to play in this week's huge rivalry game when top-ranked Blue Tornado visit third-ranked Baylor. #bestofpreps
Ik my angles with front camera only if someone captures with the back one u will face tough time to recognise me.
My uncle claims he invented the cell phone while in prison
People confuse me. The opposite sex is no more confusing than my own. Everyone is a person, the motivations for everything seem to be the same, just sometimes expressed in different ways. I dont see many differences between sexes, but humans confuse the hell out of me anyway
didn’t think it was like ever okay to wish rape upon anyone..yet here we are and I find it ironic that it’s coming from the left.
Hitting this again to say I would give an arm an leg to drum for  but that sounds counterproductive to my health. Anyway the point is the band is incredible and I’m sad that they live so far.
So, any contributions to a Democratic presidential candidate should count. Nothing would make the world better than removing the orange menace from office.
My lil bitch act like Megan the Stallion she ghetto & nasty She driving the boat
"There are an estimated 3 trillion trees on Earth, with about 15 billion of them cut down every year due to human activity. In total, since the onset of human agricultural practices, we have cut down about 46% of all trees on Earth." https://www.forbes.com/sites/trevornace/2019/09/30/ireland-commits-to-plant-440-million-trees-to-help-tackle-climate-change/ …
Lafayette I'm otw home with the goods. Bringing it all to campus Wednesday. Stop by the Courtyard between 11&2. #ragincajuns #lafayette #ullafayette , Louisiana
They believe in a lying conman that tells them that windmills cause cancer and their tv will shut off when the wind stops blowing
Amber Guyger is a damn murderer. White folk and black folk homes smell different, undoubtedly the furniture was different. She is a murderer and that judge is an accessory.
1. There’s no people like zuby. 2. We all have our trials and more than half overcoming them involves recognizing them for what they are...trials. 3. Men don’t always have to fight that way (in the military).
Boys Varsity Soccer falls to Laurens 2-1.  with the goal & Jeffrey Bullis with the assist. Cole Ruff made 13 saves. The Purple Devils are at Milford tomorrow. #PurpleDevilPride #PurpleDevil4Life
 DO SOMETHING! This insanity with the Democrats has gone on long enough!!!!
Well, there's good reason for people to be upset with what's happened with both of those things. Some people go to far, but again... it's not just Bernie supporters who do that. I've seen countless Bernie haters that loves the thought of him experiencing physical pain/death.
As a therapist, who sees the poor souls your shareholders are harming with their wishes, I hope you go out of business and the shareholders recognize that they didn’t deserve any of the financial gains.
Every Time I Put Money Away For A Rainy Day It Rains The Next Fucking Day
Yes, we know you BLOW --- but we are not sure about the WHISTLE!!
Just over 5 mins from launch of tonight's So Old It's New show at  ... going to open with Queen's We Will Rock You, fast version, from the Live Killers album...on air 8-10 pm ET
ECU Students: Save ECU Chancellor - Fight Fake News - Sign the Petition! http://chng.it/cDnTP4hm via
  listening to the patreon podcast how did these guys not kill u. Especially when rob picks you up.
If they don’t fix this private pro am thing the rep race is ruined
eight Lost in the middle of nowhere (Remix) #CancionFavoritaPop #LatinAMAs
i also don't know that i agree that the connection between socialists and labor was ever severed? like, CPUSA members were definitely pushed out in the red scare after taft-hartley, but i think it's a jump from that to "severed." socialists have never not been part of labor.
Absolutely! That would be a serious liver-kick to the deep state!
Psst when are you gonna drop any hints for the comeback
He's that weirdo who's obsessed with wheat and likes to sit in the shower.
for real some of this stan really can't take the joke
More lies from rhe mouth of Trudeau. Lets talk about the things you were supposed to do in the last election, and never did, plus the criminal activities you won't allow rhe RCMP to investigate
Translation: Trump is now investigating from where our 3-year hoax started and we are scared. Very scared. We will manipulate our readers to think we the bad guys are actually the good guys. Goebbels taught us everything we are doing 2 avoid accountability in a coup against US.
Right, who's going to pay for our therapy? Or treatment of our ulcers etc. A class action suit maybe? The pain and suffering is real. I'm outraged that our hard earned money goes to pay for this. STOP THE DONALD
This is fact . This day fwd we will bring up the Republicans stood for trump while he ruined our nation .
Wizkid came through with mad lyrics on #SFTOS but you guys ignored the album. Mans now giving you the fast food music, una done dey complain say no better lyrics. Joro jara joro jor!!!! #joro #JoroChallenge
The problem is convincing the media of the Russian Collusion hoax. I get it. We get it. They don't get it.
The ASICS 10km Run has now SOLD OUT! We’re gearing up for the biggest #melbmara ever! We’ve still got limited spots available in the Westin 5km Run & 3km Walk! Register now: https://bit.ly/2AvAwD0
I’m not feeling the best and just started crying over Tom
im very in my feefees rn....leonie doing the lil aim + shoot gesture....bernie in chuu’s outfit....THE IMPACT
This is why we need term limits. Why is a 118 year old still speaker of the house of representatives. Like Kennedy in the SENATE, she's going to DIE in her seat up there as she continues to ruin american lives. Like you have to pass it to see it OBAMA CARE! SHE'S ALWAYS LYING.
Tell your friend Mr #Trump to stop lying #SeanHannity! Both of you need to tell the truth or STFU.
I wonder if he is playing the long game. His polls are low, he fears losing his seat. He wants brownie points, so if by chance the GOP keep the senate in 2020, McConnell can continue his scorched earth approach even with a Dem president.
That’s how knock outs work. A knock out isn’t indicitive of damage done. Some are the ones that aren’t as obvious.
They will use alll the dirty tricks of 2016 and if necessary go for full on ballot rigging
.  I’m tweaking so hard I replied to the tweet instead of replying to your DM and I just noticed
Then I question your mental stability. You obviously are very easily influenced and more than likely make decisions based on emotion. You are what I call a fake patriot and will eventually go back to the left. The left are the enemy of freedom. BLOCKED!
October 11: March On The Pentagon To Rage Against The War Machine https://popularresistance.org/october-11-march-on-the-pentagon-to-rage-against-the-war-machine/ … via
Standing Desk: The Solution To The Dangers Of Prolonged Sitting? - http://tinyurl.com/y3r54nkj
the claim he doesn't have a personality is unfounded. Characters do not need to be yelling every two minutes to have a personality. Stoic characters exist and are just as valid. No prominence? Did you miss the fact that he sets literally EVERY important event in motion?
Nearly 30,000 children under age 10 have been arrested in the US since 2013: FBI - ABC News https://abcn.ws/2msGamo
I hate being a hater, especially for my favorite series. But #MortalKombat11 is a no-fun fighting game. I mean they seem to intentionally take things out that are fun in the name of "balance." <Thread>
One could earnestly hope he, & all his progeny, would be among the earliest casualties, couldn't one? Karma should dictate those who light the fire are the first, & worst burned.
It's funny how this always starts just about when i'm leaving from work, are you telling me to stop using the wifi? No, that cannot be...
It’s hard to get accurate information about Australia’s camps, the Government has national security gag orders for those that visit or try and report. Just so they can have Murdoch’s news tell everyone “The government has stop the smugglers boats, no more kids drowning at sea”
I would cry cry. I already do with the original omfg
So you say this,  says the opposite. Who to believe? World leader or peddler of #FakeNews. Hard call!
stealing from the timeline! drop your favorite characters from anything and let your followers decide who you're most like
Some guy called me a “huge nerd” because I record  every night. Listen dude, if that’s where you draw the nerd line, have I got news for you.
There's always one, Jimmy. I've been Soto Zen Buddhist since 18. One thing's for sure, The Buddha wouldn't have condoned "luck". Very egotistical and fear based. He taught to tear down all mental structure. This includes luck...He probably wouldn't mind you sitting on his lap.
No, “how much revenue it generates” doesn’t matter in the slightest. That’s simply not the point here.
Photos: Hong Kong Pro-Democracy Protests Build Ahead of China's National Day - The Atlantic https://www.theatlantic.com/photo/2019/09/photos-hong-kong-pro-democracy-protests/599131/ … via
context: Spain’s fascist dictator only kicked the bucket late as 1975 so in the early 80s the girls and gays went all out n had a blast taking over pop culture !! led to some absolute bangers
Proper weird how much they hate it proper bad mongs acc pisses me off tho Cos they’ll be loving it when we get to the final
Who can fill the hands of beggars, Bring wisdom to the minds of fools, Make straight the paths of wanderers, And make the lost found again
I've been wondering more and more whether it's inevitable. The right doesn't seem willing to stop being shitty at ALL.
There are over 100 types of mushrooms used to treat cancer , our medicinal mushroom for dogs with cancer blend 'Natures Immuno' contains the most researched & extensively studied ones – turkey tail Check how it helped Seven with tumor on his hearthttps://bit.ly/2He4K2W
Thats a vacation for ya’ll though lol Probably cause i was on the phone ,i hate sprint . I’m about to let her call back
there’s a whole ass train just sitting on the tracks blocking the road. not moving
Trump is wasting an enormous amount of our government's financial and human resources in a quest to prove every negative in his life and answer every rhetorical question. Trump is Tony Soprano without the charm, charisma, culture, scruples, morals,... https://www.nytimes.com/2019/09/30/us/politics/trump-australia-barr-mueller.html?action=click&module=Top+Stories&pgtype=Homepage …
No your the fake and your so scared because the whistleblower is telling the truth and you can't handle the truth. I see an orange jumpsuit to match your orange hair in your future
#WritingCommunity, is there any sentence in a book that has really stuck with you? If so, what is the sentence?
Yo mama so skinny, when she played the scary maze game, her birth certificate is an apology letter from a scale!
It is why I am considering a bid for the NY 21st district. I have not a penny to my name. No political experience. I have been known to swear on public forums... I am the typical American that they are supposed to represent.
Not sure if this is terrorism but its the little victorys i guess
No no no the trade war with China and ever growing deficit is what is going go tank the economy! House Dems pass plenty of legislation only for  to let the bills die in the senate! Gop have been taken hostage by the rich entitled hell bent on staying at the top!
my son asked me to put in my password to download a game and i said no because he has too many, and he goes off to the other room and yells “SIRI SPELL PASSWORD”
Yesssss I dont like my mom knowing where I’m at all the time so I be turn it off from time to time
"If you are not a person of color, and millions of people of color...are saying a thing or person is racist, it's really not your place to say it isnt." -MSNBC Candace Owens explains why the Left continually invokes racism.
Possibly stating the obvious here, but this is a healthcare problem more than a prison problem.
Tonight on an all-new , will the team be able to help an aspiring entrepreneur get cleared of fraud? Watch tonight at 9 on
again i just linked you the actual text why are you sending me people's opinions on the text. It's right there. they admit to changing the forms. Get over it. Your side is playing dirty tricks and is about to lose.
More DANGEROUS WORDS from TRUMP: "We're TRYING TO FIND OUT WHO the WHISTLEBLOWER IS.." https://www.dailykos.com/story/2019/9/30/1889072/-More-dangerous-words-from-Trump-We-re-trying-to-find-out-who-the-whistleblower-is … As SEN. Mark WARNER said, “Any RATIONAL PERSON would be CONCERNED about the WHISTLEBLOWER'S SAFETY AFTER [TRUMP'S] COMMENTS.”
I’m on the deck with a robe on. These mosquitos about to fuck me up smh
LMFAO! Sad as hell. You know how hurt I’ll be if the Steelers lost 4 SBs in a row. Mane listen
India tops list on reported child sex abuse is the top most achievement of Modi’s government https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/india-tops-list-on-reported-child-sexual-abuse-imagery/articleshow/71383544.cms …
Western civilization did not adopt Christianity until several centuries after it was founded by a Jew. For much of what now composed the west, it would be centuries more before it caught on. Modern western society did not create Christianity; rather, it evolved from it
Well is October 1st but the situation out there is shitty and embarrassing we need help in our Country.
Its ok to step back and revaluate the situation yea some relationships wouldve worked if we where younger but we’re becoming adults cant be settling for people still thinking there Kids. So a break will spark fire under that ass to realize some things. Set yall pride aside.
 My YouTube channel got hacked 2 days ago I was downloading personal things and got a virus on my pc, I didint realise for a few days, Then all of a sudden I got logged out of my google account and the password was reset and I couldn’t get back in
Blatant in your face propaganda. You truly are beyond saving.  what the hell are you doing about this?
NISA: The only league that will fail faster than Rayo OKC!
What part of his conversation did he threaten any of the shit stated in this post? Why is it legal for entire democratic party to be on a witch hunt to dig up information on Trump, but Trump cannot ask for a favor for information? #DoubleStandards
tonight for the first time a girl flirted with me& I just stood there said “thanks dude” and ran away.... something is truly wrong with me
Just maybe its possible that the people in antifa dont acutally uphold the definition of anti fascist. In fact they for sure do not.
Unlike writing for the 1st book, which usually comes after the thesis, writing a proposal for the 2nd is like flying blind in the dark because the book hasn't been written or even fully ideated yet. Any advice for how to do this? #AcademicTwitter
and i said that the people tried to scam me, not that the ppl scammed me
In spite of everything that was done to me and my race, in spite of the adversity and the bitter moments, again we rise. PopMYXTuesLove KIANO
I don't think it was due to deboosting... the problem cleared up this afternoon for me, but I'm still deboosted.
 you're a homer. LSU is the bust. One dimensional offense and no defense. You're going to lose when you start playing big boy teams.
LETTER: 'Over the Years Many Changes, Have Left Teachers Feeling Insignificant and Inadequate' https://framinghamsource.com/index.php/2019/09/30/letter-over-the-years-many-changes-have-left-teachers-feeling-insignificant-and-inadequate/ …
sigh. the most this adds up to: -WB filled out the form (sure maybe w/help of lawyers, D congressmen, etc) -In the process, he or someone close to him noticed the misleading guidance re: must be firsthand -said ‘hey just a heads up this form is misleading’ -bureaucrat updated it
i think that's partially because he was forced to be the only real bullpen option for the first half
What about everything Justin's lied about? Wab Kinew with the ndp is a wife beater...
“Nothing can be crueler than the leniency which abandons others to their sin. Nothing can be more compassionate than the severe reprimand which calls another Christian from the path of sin.” __________ Dietrich Bonhoeffer
Soooo then she should get arrested if she reported it to the police
Dude i saw the picture first, and the first thing I thought was “this aint karina” lol
A budget shortfall? What the hell happened to the $1.5 Billion surplus Dayton left behind. That should of easily lasted 2 yrs. Where is that?
some people can see it... but obviously some cant lol
And your a wicked bone head kh. How can u NOT c the corruption? With obuma and billary? Got u some good weed I take it?
McCabe would be the easiest, but I'm not sure how they'll roll this out.
I’m actually waiting to hear that there’s no there there from the Durham investigation.
Lol again you have absolutely no knowledge of God or the Bible NONE. You should at least learn before you bash other's on something you have no knowledge on at all.
(Pharaoh king of Egypt had gone up and captured Gezer and burned it with fire, and had killed the Canaanites who lived in the city, and had given it as dowry to his daughter, Solomon’s wife; https://biblehub.com/esv/1_kings/9-16.htm …
Yes, you’re right. Gangs would be on the left, but they are already fighting the great crips/blood unending war.
We only watch Fox Business, stopped watching Fox News a very long time ago with the exception of we do watch Tucker, Hannity, Ingram, Judge Jeanine, Levin, and Gutfeld.
Lawyers of the Temple Forum on strike due to lack of personnel. A situation that has given rise to 22 thousand pending cases and 80 percent of dismissals and prescriptions of civil measures
It’s a massive problem because there is only one tax payer - it doesn’t matter if it’s federal, provincial or municipal, when deficit spending occurs, the taxpayer has to deal with it
That will only prove that the son of a bitch CAN shoot someone in the middle of 5th Avenue and get a way with it!! I want to see him impeached, indicted, prosecuted and imprisoned for the crimes he has committed before and after November 8, 2016.. I can't settle for less..
That’s called a lowering the helmet penalty, which if it occurred, is clearly on Allen
Who’s trying to go to the beach right now? Like dead ass serious
Morseth knives..why the big $$$| Gun and Game - The Friendliest Gun Discussion Forum Online http://the-research.site/Wk1P8ikn
And as my connection was with an airline that does not has an agreement with  they won't pay for the new ticket. It was the only airline traveling to Zacatecas in a doable schedule. WTF !!
Having a hard time remembering the last incident gaining national attention that wasn’t a hoax. But investigations, due process, and rules of evidence protect all of us. Which is why lynch mobs, online or otherwise, are wrong.
So I don’t fully get this Meet To Match thing  is using but if it works for peeps go nuts. That said I can’t stand it has no unsubscribe option on the emails. That is dodgy.
Well today is the day  is playing the  and I’m sitting on a couch... talk about heartbreak
My tweet about Pizza Nea and sexual harassment by the owner is still getting likes days later? A week later? How long has it been anyway?
Maybe losers with no personal relationships like yourself wouldn't bother mentioning others when asked about their identities but most civilised people do *ahem* The main point is your opinions are garbage and prove nothing. Oh wow, I win
I emailed all the kids signed up for my practice SAT this Saturday to remind them about it and fully half of them have now cancelled
No I read the right one , look there is no need in our talking you see what you see, you tried to use scripture lets use scripture together, The Pharisees and sagisee saw Jesus He walked among them yet they were blinded to His Identity, some are...
Canadians will still say sorry, so I figure it’s the same
I’ve been in Events for 20 years. I’ve had two incidents (no rape or drugging involved, but very poor judgment, yes). Both persons involved were immediately removed and fired. Alcohol is only an option among water, soft drinks, tea, coffee, mocktails, etc. never the center.
 one could almost describe this joe moorhead offensr as the "half juicy j" offense. they got the "check in with me" part down its the "and do your job" bit thats problematic
 niggas lik me just wanna be heard by big fish like you shots getting smaller as the grind get harder shit crazy
Personally I think they've fucked up whatever they attempt to do thats why boris is all smiles cos he knows its almost in the bag.
these people just make things up, while they pretend they care about sex workers, they come up with the most exaggerated nasty graphic descriptions in order to make the most derogatory comments to sex workers.
Trump doesn’t “get” that no matter how much crap you get on other folks, YOU’RE POTUS and they aren’t! You may get away with a hell of a lot more, but when U keep doing traitorous, illegal things, eventually the “shit hits the fan” & NOTHING IS MORE IMPORTANT THAN YOU! His dream!
I don’t know why we would lose our shit over idiots like you and your dishonest leaders. How does if feel to still be one of their drones? Keep up the great work. You’re special.
Nothing like that time of year when the weather breaks and you’re in the house with a hoodie watching games. Nah bruh nothing compares.
 WTF is it with you MAGAts? You are so proud to support the pussy ass bitch , but have phony accounts and phony avi’s. Almost like you are a frickin’ bot!
Me either it literally is something so stupid to worry about on here I mean I get complements on my acct all the time n my ratio THICC you can still have aesthetically pleasing acct without being an asshole to the ppl that follow you
Forgot one thing. The FakeNews CNN, MSNBC, CBS, ABC and NBC are classed right along with the Disgusting DemocRAT's. They couldn't tell the truth if they had to. Fox News is informing up of the truth and we thank them everyday.
Dude, I just want healthcare and for climate change to be addressed with the gravity it deserves. Warren's fairly decent on the ladder, but if you white suburban wokesters cost us single payer because you want a woman in the White House, that's a (pun intended) dick move.
The Society je comprend rien, tout le monde couche avec tout le monde, tout le monde sort avec tout le monde, tout le monde crush sur tout le monde bref
Keep the illegals out, send them to prison if caught on American soil, keep up the good work on the wall
What??? Why isn't this a night game? Ridiculous scheduling
Hey. Dumbass. That’s the topic of the thread you jumped.
They might not be yes. But that you see before you buy them. The "grind" you do in level 1, won't be the same in region 2. That's how I see it. I tried to inform you about the game, but I see you want to hate it.. This is over.
Guerilla Radio / Rage Against The Machine  #nowplaying
There’s something about vegan cheese that rubs me the wrong way but next time I make pizza I’ll give it a try!
you can't change the rules or make words sound your way!!! no scream, no murder? no scream no assault if a woman damages your manhood? didn't think so, asshole! Christian Leader Uses Bible To Defend Kavanaugh: ‘No Scream, No Rape’ http://po.st/IdBYXm via
The madder Dobbs get, the darker Dobbs’ dye-job gets.
Why is Pompeo going to Europe with this shitstorm going on, and why the f%#€ is Dr. Evil going with him??
lol the worst place to discover ur potential claustrophobia is a packed club
“Civility” is the song a snowflake sings when you dare criticize their vile ideas.
Guitarist: My guitarist rips a wicked solo TM: Roll for skill [2] TM: You break your B string immediately Guitarist: Fuuuuck TM: Audience members are heading to the bar... Drummer: I FIGHT THE AUDIENCE Everyone: oh god dude no
You're clowns. He opposes taxing the poorest in society to clean up the excesses of the rich. The amount of water/energy/etc wasted by individuals is negligible compared to what's wasted by industry. Taxing us will never solve the problem if it only means traditional industry...
I’m loving “Death Positive”! When Dad died people kept saying “I hear you lost your Dad” and we were all “Nah. He’s in the big jar under the sewing machine.”
The same epic has ravan. He was a Brahmin! Logically brahmins shouldnt be proud of it? Valmiki was not a Brahmin. Yet his writing is still one of the most revered ramayan. What's this anti brahm rant. Like all,there are good and bad Brahms
Stealing more points after the 3 you thieved last week
And rather than a bailout, those banks that mismanaged themselves to put all those people's lives in peril (ours, too) should be "killed" from existence as a private entity and be taken over by the government.
If any thing ever happened to her the consequent AG Barr investigation would be given the same urgency as the Epstein murder
Too bad the milk of a cow is for its baby.. which is killed so you creeps can drink their milk & eat ice cream! Buy Almond milk creeps! The fall of Trickling Springs Creamery and what it means for my favorite ice cream [Updated] - The Takeout
AS USUAL YOU'RE NOT BEING HONEST WITH THE PUBLIC! BYE BYE IN 2020! I.J.S!!!
i thought this was funny till i noticed it’s the classico. fuck america frfr
stop running off by the mouth. U already showed you couldn’t back it up!
if you ever took our problems to social media, i could never respect you again! if you bash to me to the world once, you’ll definitely do it again.
so the leaked photo when skz were filming something in la was for double knot huh
Iggy Pop is, simply put, Panic! At The Disco for people who watched The Godfather too many times
No it's not related to race and I never said it was. It was related to illegal immigrants, because they have NO JOBS and NO EDUCATION. Why do you think this is about race? Is race the only thing you can see? How racist of you.
Exactly The warning signs started before 2016. Catch up
she cant replace the best thing that happened to her
P53 is ant tumor gene , it regulates the cell cycle
Umm... quite the logic on that front America is over a trillion in debt, with a collapsing WH. World is still standing, so it's fairly safe to say, Canada will not implode with Americas failures... yet.
Gonna try to do inktober this year but no promises. Also I've never done it before so idk what the even the rules are??
contemplating buying seungwoo doll right the fuck now
 You are a scandalous and utterly reprehensible human being. For the first time in my life I am completely embarrassed and ashamed of my country for placing you, a complete and utter evil moron in such a position of power. We want you out. You are not a king.
-- crazy with your ah! Touch....! No....! Aaah...." The tease of the male swordsman was powerful. The blondes' big, soft breasts were sensitive as heck which mirrored in her body trying to move some and her pussy squeeze him even harder. Her nipples stayed rock hard for him.
Otaku, loner, and people have called me the mc multiple times.
Your just as bad as Trump with the complaining about the media
I have the pic of this. I swoon over it often, had no idea there was a video that matched it.
Should've been easy, just ask our 17 Intel agencies for help.... I guess you did, that got him nowhere. No less than 17 Intel agencies verified the need for the Mueller Fiasco ...no less than 17 heads of Intel agencies should have been fired.
You're absolutely right the dems care more about illegal immigrants than American vets. Sad.
six Lost in the middle of nowhere (Remix) #CancionFavoritaPop #LatinAMAs
I’M SO EMBARRASSED HOW THE FUCK DOES THAT HAPPEN MY HEADPHONES WERE CLEARLY PLUGGED IN, RINGER OFF, THE ALARM DIDN’T EVEN SOUND IT WAS MY MUSIC THAT PLAYED I’M ????????
The more I think about it.. the more pissed I get yet it’s all I can think about so either way it’s a lose lose situation
The way they phrased this tweet makes it sound like he fucking died
As many people have said, "war" might no be the right word, maybe aggressive politics? https://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2019/09/29/britain-war-every-day-due-constant-cyber-attacks-chief-defence/ …
Matthew, at this critical point can Barr be impeached? If so, would the House Democrats impeach him at the same time as Trump or have to wait unti after Trump is impeached?
Til the skins play the dolphins in two weeks and it’s the battle of the further along owens
Is there any doubt at this point that #antifa is the real threat to society? They do not allow for any kind of conversation, which inevitably leads to violence; a society that cannot compromise is a society that ceases to exist.
If you think you need this tech you’re a bad manager. If you think it will improve productivity, you will never get any better and should resign for the good of your share options.
"The Clueless actress, former Fox News contributor and vehement Donald Trump supporter..." Really? Why doesn't #THR ever note "vehement Trump hater" when a #LiberalLoon is arrested. And what kind of panty waist sissy man would claim to be a victim of a little 52 year old lady?
For regular American hard-working jerks (apparently) the unknowns are f’in corruption. Sorry, I lusted after but couldn’t afford Princeton. Ffs.
That’s how my junk feels in the summer when I’m walking and my boxers ride up and I’m too embarrassed to fix them with everyone lookin
Me: I’m going to watch my show Wife: what show? Me: #SuccessionHBO Her: Me: the one where everyone is a horrible person Wife: oh yeah.
Nah he's just shitting on the Rams for saying that about the saints. Telling LA to suck it up like they told them
The refreshment-stocking vehicle got drunk on its own tiny bottle supply!
Exactly, it’s prolly just how he’s feeling at the moment. But yeah Kanye is defo impulsive with shit a lot
Im not gonna even comment because then it’ll be a next mad ting in the mentions
what has the London stock Exchange got to do with preventing a no deal brexit? hahahahahahahahahahahaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Trump is the real whistleblower! Look at what he’s exposed, the immorality of the GOP, the hypocrisy of much of the Evangelicals, the weaknesses that allows a Trump to get elected and ignore the law and mostly, the stupidity of the Trump sons and Uncle Rudy! Keep it up Donald!
choose the less ugly one plz. trying to prove something
i added the third as a joke but damn if it isnt true
Because she got a job the day before at the Times, no doubt off the back of this "kiss and tell" story
Fast forward 50 years. These despicable ANTIFA criminals become the elder people crossing the street while some idiot HATE group does the same back to them. Wouldn't that be AWESOME!!
I'm sorry, didn't you get the memo? They're really seriously about voting to destroying America to get to Trump. You insult them with humor. I had to .... ... this morning cause this guy tried to give me a Nancy P. for Press. Button. I'm a little short on humor too
Trump, Giuliani the Only Dopes Who Believe “Completely Debunked” Biden Conspiracy https://www.vanityfair.com/news/2019/09/trump-giuliani-only-dopes-who-believe-completely-debunked-ukraine-biden-conspiracy …
Even a Conservative court should disagree with the city's stance. It's horrifying to think otherwise.
Trump quietly blowing his dog whistle to all the gun nuts in his base.
And the £200,000 salary so called fraud striker Rasford actually did what????
Did the rest of my shopping . Ill finish in Vegas na
These are mostly targeted at consoles that exclusively output 240p and 480i and cannot accept 480p+ signals (which many Xbox games can run at). Also I’m not sure about other regions but US Xboxes don’t output RGB out of the box and these aren’t built for YPbPr.
No, the people they're against just FUCKING MURDER PEOPLE. You are so devoted to centrism it's made you lose all perspective. It's sad, really.
When I see the snow and cant get out the driveway I'll panic then change them over, like every other yr. Even though every yr I say I'm doing it before the snow falls.
China mess was caused by Ronald Reagan. Not by Biden. Republicans did China mess. To undercut American jobs!! Cuz your in bed with big business to screw we the people!!
Are you that thick? I don’t give a damn if your “sources” say he was corrupt. It wasn’t the business of the vice president to leverage our tax money to get rid of him and if Trump had done same your panties would be in a bunch. Hypocrite
I assumed because Philadelphia had printed forms, that was the form. Showing my city bias! Ugh
THE PREPARATION OH GOD...we’re going to be full blown Panicking
Nov. 5th equals 15 years in the game for this man and I. It also marks my sons 16th earth day time ain’t wasting no time.
I've already watched the premiere episode of #TWD and it was BADASS morrree please
So when the hell does Popeyes plan on bringing back their damn chicken sandwich?????
 This latest ploy means nothing. This is the Dems lack of any policy that they can be agree on, other than I hate Trump. Dems hate him because he been has been successful in so many areas that politicians failed!
Only after being threatened with being shot in the sack point-blank.
I’m hiding it good asf it’s not a game man this shit real the meds not even working no more
goddd ddd d d dd d w-when do the headaches stop hhh..
Nah Julio in the first game did not show up he has moments when don’t play up to expectations all these guys flawed and the coach don’t get on they ass
I’m sick and want to go home but there’s a 10 point exit ticket at the end of this class
Idk who the worst my son or my hunny, with them wanting they head scratch ... but idc cause imma do both they big ass heads I love it
Did he get a felony for killing it on the dance floor?
Disappointed in Raheem all the good work he’s previously been doing #bottled it
Behind closed doors it reads "Climate change hoax. No gun problems. More free money to the rich. u middle class"
We can chew our gum and walk at the same time. What seems to be the problem with Nintendo Switch? We have some updates planned for console in a few months time.
Record debt? Really? I wonder how the conservatives, under only Mulroney and Harper, managed to own 75% of the current national debt, which is more than 50%. Kind of hard for this to be the record debt when 75% belongs to conservatives.
But the media was quick to jump on the racist bandwagon!! Let’s see how many report what really happened!!!
its not hearsay nor did you read the article. the IG investigated, received first hand knowledge, and found the complaint credible. The form used was the older form (not revised) and the law itself hasnt changed. but good luck ignoring facts...
True, you don't have a clue what I'm talking about. It had nothing to do with elections. Why do you make these uninformed statements when you could just read the Treaty signed by Bill Clinton just for these times. Stupid to attempt to talk about something you haven't read. MUTED
Is the cheating of  guidelines in there? The investigation into the money by ? #charityfraudout
Patty, what you mean is that you want to do all you can to abort people of color. Your eugenics programs are directly aimed at the black community, the disabled and the poor. Resign #pattyfakesenator
Spoiler alert: this film also ends with Michael Keaton in a latex suit soaring through the sky thus ending all war
As the medium becomes more recordable, the deception decreases which affects people's "willingness" to lie. Therefore, how do features like Insta stories (even tho they can be documented) affect the frequency of lies as opposed to a stagnant post? #SUComm1A19
i just realised the changing of the seasons might actually be the reason why ive been so restless omg
MY BF KEEPS IGNORING ME TO PLAY FIRE EMBLEM WHAT THE HALE!!!!!!!!!
Do you even know what a fascist is? You call me a fascist...but I'm a Constitutionalist. I think YOU might be the brain dead one...in other words, you let others do your thinking. That's typical for your ideology. I am FREE from outside influence. It's called...LIBERTY.
Bless. The little girl hurt your feelings. Maybe there's counselling you could get. #snowflake #blocked.
Idk what the arrest was over but from what I know the cop was dead shooting the one on wit somebody he was tryna arrest n the pussy nigga pulled up squeezing n clapped em both...that entry test for the NYPD bullshit
Her ass fat but her attitude makes me go crazy on the pussy
He should not be able to get away with using his status at the House of Representatives to lie to the American people To make a case for impeachment! This is a very serious process
The Bose noise cancelling headphones was made for Yeshua Hamashiach and he's wearing them = 20+8+5 + 2+15+19+5 + 14+15+9+19+5 + 3+1+14+3+5+12+12+9+14+7 + 8+5+1+4+16+8+15+14+5+19
I'm sick of being called old. Also stupid. I'm younger than virtually every FBPE it seems and I guarantee none of them could do my job if I trained them for 10 years.
This is where I'm at. I think to some extent both sides are right to root out corruption but this has been politicized and I think they are focused on corruption on the other side, rather their own. I also think impeachment is being weaponized here. And also being done badly.
No it’s not dumbass logic, it’s my personal view. I don’t think college kids deserve to make hundreds of thousands of dollars. The whole point of higher education is to get a degree, not a pathway to professional sports. Somewhere that got lost in time.
So do I look badass or naw?* *I already know the answer
Hahahahahaha! I can’t! No, I can not handle the irony!
I'm pretty sure Trump was the dumbest goddamn student ANYBODY ever had.
Breaking News: The NYT is spreading more rumors and spinning the facts to assist their close friends and bank accounts, the DNC. Making statements that cannot be trusted as the past misleading and erroneous statements have proven.
lmao i would’ve apologized if i felt the need to but i didn’t, i didn’t because there was no need to apologize for speaking my opinion but sis.... take it the wrong way
no, i will not sign... i have expressed my anger with scheer's party and i have expressed my anger with the rebel... i believe in freedom of speech but i also believe in decorum... if you attend events and act like the msm screaming at trump in the states you will get a bad rep.
Could we not name the airport after lame politicians?
You guys are tough and going in the right direction. Another good draft or two/ FA pickups you will be scary
Question to Cummings: Where did the Billions in Missing Federal Money Go? - Frontpagemag https://www.frontpagemag.com/fpm/2019/08/question-cummings-where-did-billions-missing-matthew-vadum/#.XYyCHGHB9ZR.facebook …
Read the wikipedia which is quite interesting it is way to long to cut and paste. Holy shit it really makes sense why she could be.
I am an STI+ person. I literally struggle with the stigma and isolation of this more than I do with bipolar disorder, even though my bipolar disorder is a thousand times more difficult and debilitating. Ask for full-panel STI tests. It’s more common than you think.
Ooh that gets me too. I’m way too fuckin fragile for someone who demands to be feared by the patriarchy tbh
The dems? Why didn’t trump the master negotiator stop this?
As someone who writes about games, was I supposed to beat the tutorial? Did I do it wrong?
Only when those opinions are Fascist in nature. Only when those holding the flag are spouting Fascist philosophy.
We know that. In Australia at least. We put our First Nations people’s to march at the front of our rallies. All environmental issues in aus draw back to introduced species and abuse of the land, something Aboriginal Australians were consciously aware of and understood
yo SHUT THE FUCK UP about your horoscope. go to FUCKING sleep.
On Friday 1,000,000 Canadians were in the streets marching for the #ClimateStrike That's 1 out of every 6 strikers globally was Canadian, as well as we were 3rd globally for total #of strikes. #OneIssueVoter ...for my children's future
So i buy a card i know the card is good then they send me a screenshot saying the card is been redeemed and demand another card. Fucking morons. Fucking eat a dick.
Ten cases in Glasgow where someone impersonated a voter who hadn't yet voted, discovered when the real people showed up. Fraudulent votes removed from the box at the count. Got anything else?
I agree. I have to continually tell my mother not to believe everything she reads on the internet. I think the liars and scammers have always been there but now they are amplified.
I’ve dead ass had the same convo outcome like 3 times Inspired me to make ze meme
Heart frozen in the summer I got a rubberband crush
Fuck going to any sort of therapy or counseling bro. Imma just hit up  instead since he seems to enlighten & open up have the YouTube community.
The California law? I think likeness will affect a lot more athletes than you think, and not just big time football players. Hell, Yossiana Pressley from Baylor volleyball could make a killing doing local ads in Waco right now.
This day two months ago I received my  tickets in the post I wanna see you again so bad
2. After we have be told by the officer that it is ok to do so. The officer has the right to ask the person to disarm the gun and make it safe, or to get in the car, take the gun and unload it. Unless the officer has reason to believe you are a threat, they have ALWAYS...
Lindsey Graham, the original crisis actor. #ImpeachmentIsComing #TrumpCrimeFamily #GOPComplicit
Hooray, more kids will actually stay awake for the whole game. Ban 8pmEST starts.
This is an #OUTRAGE Don’t f*ck with other people’s rights if you want your own. When the “oppressed” become the oppressor, they have failed...miserably. #AntifaDomesticTerrorists
 Absolutely stunning interview with  !!! You are the master!!! I’m not worthy, Im not worthy!!! Wish I had some sort of emoji to do the Wayne’s World thing.
Tell you what  a'll get  cleaned up and you just worry about the dishes. That sound alright?
Apple is the most Disorganized, unorthodox store EVER
so far i got meditate. but idk how that’s supposed to work if u don’t even have the attention span to do it in the first place
There is POWER in the name of Jesus to break every chain, to break every cycle! Generational cycle, financial cycle, painful cycles. Speak it and believe it!
I will need you to send me the details, so I can look into your order and cancel it, if that is what you’re seeking. ^Deysha
They do not want the GOP to call witnesses and investigate
Why should you need the govt to force you to pay taxes for you to get school? Why not just pay it yourself directly? Same with healthcare.
The Greens are beating the NDP everywhere that matters (forget the prairies they will be 100% blue) This is kind of sad. I still have lots of love for the Orange.
The anger I have inside me is unhealthy lol I need to find a way to remove it
What hurts in the gym right now? How long has it bothered you for? #fitness #workout #gym #crossfit
Trump accidentally, was able to harness the limitless power of stupidity hatred and ignorance. Hitler was able to do this as well. Like all totalitarian dictators, Trump eschews education, intellectualism, thoughtfulness and decency.
As of yet, I see no evidence that the Biden side of this story is sticking at all, except with the "TRUMP OR DIE" crowd.
Dems supporters have such poor comprehension skills, they can sell supporters anything, despite what the facts show, e.g. “I committed a crime but my enemy committed it, because I said so.”
  I cancelled my service on Sept. 17 and received email the following day stating equip. was returned. I’m now being told I must pay full prepay amt. of $124.65 by 10/3. When I cancelled, I was told to return equip ASAP, so as to avoid equip. fees.
No. If you run out of people to write about on the left, you’re not doing your job. They have legions of people ripping on the right.
Oh I’m sorry, I didn’t realize it was “part of adulthood” to “not make the subject line ‘poop’ every time you need to email something to yourself”
But the thing is d nmn kaya ng mga jeepney drivers bumili ng "modernized jeep" that costs around what a million? Ilan ba kita ng mga jeepney drivers araw2? Tapos babastusin nya pa sa statement dhil mahirap. If lung cancer ang problema why dont he totally ban cigarettes?
HOW did i already learn the choreo to Lit..... oneus has some sort of power over me. i’m scared
sameeee im barely gonna start the study guide LMFAOOOO fuck me
So I am very frugal. No Jew jokes please. A few months ago I traded my iPhone 5s for an X. So now every time I see an iPhone pro ad I am angry. Would it be too much to have had the current phone for a year before they made mine seem old?
I made enchiladas tonight and didn’t wash my hands well enough after cutting the peppers. Now every paper cut I’ve ever had is on fire and my eyes are burning.
Fortunately, my pretty, the law says you cannot kill any other living being, including whites and the entire rainbow mix of more beautiful skin colored humans in the world. Please CVS employees and management, charge her with a hate crime of harassment and death threats!
tired: nao kamiya's Halloween ssr wired: literally anyone over the age of 18 in her costume
Bolton could've easily hidden the whistle in the Mustache of Presidential Harassment.
Drive by shooting in the area of 355 S Grady way, suspects fked NB on I-405 in black sedan. 2 Suspects described as Hispanic males in there 20’s. No rear plate on vehicle and passenger side triangle window broken and taped, call 911 if seen. Will update when further is known/cm
Same way every wiz song is fire. So it’s simple just use your energy to stream African giant to get the numbers and we do same for Wiz’s song.
I'm disgusted with Trump and the Republican party and how they are allowing Trump to destroy our country just so they can hold onto power
We seek paths out of confusion, because we are confused, but not totally confused, and we think that we can figure things out. Total confusion means now you are totally helpless; now there is no way to go. Now you don’t know anything about the goal, about yourself, about the way.
I’m saying once I put it on the bike they gone be cut
Who gave this piece of shit the impression that he has any say what the U.S. Congress does? (Hint: #PussyAssBitch and #MoscowMitch) Republicans won't be satisfied till Putin's in the Oval Office. He wouldn't pull this shit with Barack
I’m gonna build the biggest.... pile of shit, using the best..... lies.... and employing the best..... criminals
Correct but my point is why would we Aussies care? It is a long standing policy to be lock step with USA - goes further than ‘All the way with LBJ’ and that involved killing millions . Why should Aussies care it is not in our interest to is it?
I can never sleep with the ac on and I’m not wearing socks. It’s gonna kill me softly
id have to check which ver i have of the night pc but then that requires moving and im too lazy
- notifications and only go on there once or twice a day to catch up on the main things,, that would probably be better,, i know i won’t be able to refrain from looking though... maybe i could actually start up some of my hobbies again to distract myself and to actually do -
That's not true. The rules were not changed at all. This is a conspiracy theory.
Schiff has a serious personality disorder. You can tell by the insane, bulging eyeballs.
They say time is the only healer God, I hope that isn't right 'Cause right now I'd die to not remember Every little thing I remember every little thing The high, the hurt, the shine, the sting Every little thing #CarlyPearce
Is it just us tho? Don't other fans do the same shit... Side note I AM a Boston Celtic and you can't convince me otherwise
I just spent 10 hours in it taking down the TriFesta stage. You telling me you wouldn’t fuck with 75 sunny and a light breeze?
 need to pass legislation that addresses the ability of POTUS to incite violence, even war, and informs them they will be pardoned for their crimes. WTF,    , if this is not addressed, YOU ARE COMPLICIT. #1two1 #Resist
No. I want the emotional forced hug moment where I aggressively bear hug you uninvited and you beat your fists against my chest and cuss me until you break down in tears.
RCB 26.50 has completed the exercise of its call option on 10b pesos 5.375% subordinated debt due 2024. Debt qualifies as Tier 2 capital
scott morrison is the exact kind of pathetic excuse of a prime minister that would do that shit for trump too so if it comes to light he does what he was asked to ill be exactly 0% surprised, the australian liberal party are a bunch of billionaire catering snakes
This is disgusting ! Where are the police and why are people just standing around filming this instead of intervening and helping this elderly couple. Don’t insult animals, these people are subhumans.
my mom and brother were fighting and my mom got tired of hearing him complain, so she just blasted the Joy FM. Bump the Jesus Jams when people annoy you!
I don’t be w too many niggas I’m mostly solo, but the few niggas I do fw I’ll flip a bus for em. #otf
A lot of people aren’t aware enough to recognize generational cycles like that, let alone take the steps to break those cycles. You’re not only doing it right but you’re setting the bar! Don’t doubt yourself!
Her punishment should be to be to go the White House press room with Trump, hold a national news conference, and apologize to the entire nation and tell who put her up to it and why. Then she can answer some press questions, no softballs either.
Criminals always b*tch the loudest. Holder’s Justice Department tried to hide the facts of the murder of Border Patrol Brian Terry – Obama's assertion of executive privilege to deny Congress access to records pertaining to Fast and Furious.
Every girl who had long hair is cutting it short and I just wanna say this is the fall of patriarchy
Lucians will be the only people to say something good is bad. “That’s bad ih” “Is it good bad or bad bad?” “It bad ih” Only lucians
This makes me sick this suppose human should be punish ,no matter how you look at it ,it is murder.If she didn't want to get pregnant she should of not slept around.I hope she goes to hell and KARMA KICKS HER IN THE ASS.
niggas admit that another nigga is good looking by saying he get all the bitches.
I saw not one, but multiple people, go to the airplane bathroom in just their socks- no shoes. Ewww! What kind of people do this???
They aren’t! He just bitches about them all the time when they are one of the best ugh
He’s a heck of a President! This is nothing more than another ridiculous talking point. All accusations thus far were mush! Timing was interesting based on the change n requirement of a “whistleblower “ . Whomever he/she is is nothing more than somebody’s puppet.
Your fkn network is a bigger failure than the Mueller Report...the report that will soon be null and void bc of crimes committed to initiate it If it weren't for airports, your ratings would be below Little House on the Prairie reruns
Hell, even thin adults barely fit. When you're seated by anyone oversized, part of them flows over the armrest. When you're in the middle seat between two oversized, you're intimate w/o consent. They really have to study this?
The proper way to use a stress ball is to throw it at the last person to piss you off.
He’s a shitty qb anyway. Who’s coming up in the draft next year?
I shudder anytime I think about how close I was to being sucked down the "organic" hell hole...Lorddd
 Ask a biased question...get a biased answer. Q: “to reduce the risk of an outbreak a bill has been proposed…Do you favor/oppose this bill?” MarketResearch101: never use leading, loaded, double barreled questions.  should know better https://tinyurl.com/UCBdata
#NowPlaying Tale Of The Lost Dragon - The Ambientalist
UM WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK THEY HAVE A LOOKING FOR ALASKA SERIES COMMING TO HULU
Trust the policy implementers in this here Ghana to always mess things up without even trying so hard.
Confusion If you are really totally confused, out of that confusion will come clarity. But you are not totally confused. Once confusion is total, it becomes the path. Then there is no need for any other path.
Let Negan loose! I’m watching the return of #TWD Sunday 9/8c.
damn am I about to be the girl that tweets men are trash? I really don’t wanna be but I’m getting to that point.
The Dems will use the MSM to run polls until they get the data they want! Look at how the questions are worded on the polls. They are meant to be misleading!
I can’t talk to multiple ppl man they all think you they girlfriend n shit and wanna call and text all the time. That’s annoying as fuck lol how tf ima supposed to see 2/3 niggas 50x a week and somebody gon be mad cuz only one getting sex lol
This is not true. Please read the report just released by the Investigator General and the Department of National Intelligence. It directly contradicts what you're saying. https://www.dni.gov/files/ICIG/Documents/News/ICIG%20News/2019/September%2030%20-%20Statement%20on%20Processing%20of%20Whistleblower%20Complaints/ICIG%20Statement%20on%20Processing%20of%20Whistleblower%20Complaints.pdf …
No pg-13 bullshit ass mcu punisher here. He's rated R or get the FUCK out of here. Fuck off marvel.
Running? From who... the law I don’t even think she is stupid enough to run for President again. Her time is over
You cant if your on the toilet and theres no tissue
There is no purchasing a bride, a bride who was on the market for any husband is not serious enough about 1Bridal and if a bride is meant for me she will not want to be sold to me.
Report: Ray Lewis Leaving ‘Dancing With The Stars’ Due To Injury – CBS Baltimore https://baltimore.cbslocal.com/2019/09/30/report-ray-lewis-leaving-dancing-with-the-stars-due-to-injury/ …
 The integrity of the election, will be compromised to no end, if you allow a criminal like Trump to participate! What kind of blind message are you trying to send by allowing Trump to participate. You don't reward open criminality with election participation!
If the #Steelers loose tonight. The season is over
#corruptopompeo was on the Ukraine call. The  is no longer a political party it is a criminal organization. My entire family left GOP when Trump was elected cause everything Trump touches he destroys, including people's souls.
I would strongly urge UK residents refrain using  because they are thieves. A gang of thieves who have stolen my money and they will do the same with you people. I have nothing left over by to buy me food. They promise to refund me but not
Looks like #MoscowMitch, Graham, Nunes and some others are going to stick with him until the bitter end. It will be bitter indeed. I don't think  will let the Senate convict him but I think he will be defeated in November 2020.
I dont like Ole. Never wanted him in, dont want him now. Bit said even thinking about coming to a tweet in the future 2nd is just as shite as the rest. 81 points or 66 points, idc unless we’re winning the league. Fans need to stop glorifying 2nd and 81 pts, it was a failure
Nah it ended, but The manga gets slept on so hard cuz of the show imo.
P1 dire and straizo: dire straits brothers in arms good album very soothing long as fuck tho that's the only bad part
- do it anyway,, i guess i just like to torture myself,, it’s actually pathetic,,, maybe i should just block some accounts then i won’t have to see them but i will still see all the interactions,,, ugh,, why am i so fucking pathetic?! ~ maybe i should turn off all my -
Again, none of them mentioned money. They literally just want to get you involved. There’s only so much money can do anyways if the wrong people are in positions of power.
I can only take about 5 minutes before I start screaming at the TV. My bf watches just to see how low they will go.
 so you're still ignoring the fact people in power have committed treason? Another suggestion is Tony Blair and ties to Epstein also treason, war criminal responsible for roughly 1 million deaths. I think these are more important than a blatant lie about Boris
Irish Government: Stop Giving Millions of Euro to Cruel Greyhound Industry - Sign the Petition! http://chng.it/jWKypPf9 via
I mean yeah, but people who don’t listen to it all the time probably think it’s sad
Is the “anti-Semitism” label losing some of its punch as a weapon against political parties? https://canadatalksisraelpalestine.ca/2019/09/29/is-the-anti-semitism-label-losing-some-of-its-punch-as-a-weapon-against-political-parties/ …
This is when you set future expectations. So, keep the bar low, whatever you do.
No he isn’t. By law he MUST have the trial..whn he would then squash it. McConnell won’t do anything against Trump until it hampers him personally.
As predicted, the $15 wage is killing jobs all across the city https://thewashingtontime.com/as-predicted-the-15-wage-is-killing-jobs-all-across-the-city/ …
It got stuck in my hair and i tried to make it go away and it stung me This time the tip of the sting got inside my skin and i cant extract it
You already an e-girl sorry i don't make the rules !
 Watch this vital video as Dr. Richard Wolff describes the proven inherent failure of Capitalism that is structured 4 failure because of its systemic flaws that constantly...
I really don’t be remembering irrelevant shit. I’m the perfect person to gossip to bc I will not remember the conversation wasn’t even listening
But the ballot did not say 'John Smith', it said 'Remain' or 'Leave'. We voted to leave, not to remain, not to modify or replace the EU treaty. Only no deal brexit has the people's mandate. To suggest that No Deal Brexit has no mandate, is our media undermining Democracy.
Everybody looks a the the bad you’ve done never at the good...
This is exactly what I have seen from WC, that & going after shady ass creators that cry out to be unfollowed & assholes that have tried to cancel them. Most people ask for what they get. Hail #WarCampaign! The wailing & gnashing of teeth continues.
I feel like they bullied the kid in the first place.
Have we already passed the Saturday night massacre? Or did we already have about 6 of those over many months? What is Watergate’s equivalent to tonight’s insane news tsunami? #Impeachment #ticktock
He is acting, yet again, as the president’s* personal attorney. America has no Attorney General. Bill Barr must resign immediately.
"This entire segment is ridiculous" - Indeed. Consider the source.
  Kath’s voices in this read from the mag - she sounds like she’s about to cry “I just want to be a yellow coat!”
 Gronk literally dropped an elbow on a guys neck from the top rope and got slapped on the wrist but burfict gets suspended THE YEAR for that hit yesterday?!? Bullshit
Because they are premised on lies. You are one of the worst people in our government, entirely lacking in self-awareness.
My biggest issue with this team right now is our use of the ball in our own half. We’re very persistent in playing from the back but we keep losing the ball. That’s really unacceptable. I know I joke about Allardyce but his first rule is don’t give the ball away in your own half
The Devil Wears Prada , Monster in Law , and Julie and Julia are my comfort movies that I watch over and over. What does that say about me?
 Please explain the odds of one kid being involved in 3 separate terror events ? And having a ridiculous story of walking out of terror event on a severed Achilles’ Don’t worry. I’ll wait allll night for this explanation
#SouthCarolina _ Now Graham sucks up to both the most #corrupt LYING President in #USA history & defends trumpy for easing so many #Russian sanctions ! #Republicans #Democrats #GOP #Seniors #Christians #mondaythoughts
Yeah I found out the hard way with my mx lightstick when I took it to the concert it was completely dead
Who does one speak to when they want to return their kid? Like a Marie Pause or something. Guys this hun ripped my piercing out and I JUST got it. While she was asleep!! The bitch doesn't even know
Exactly and I’m not just talking about that it’s everything in the damn country. I didn’t realize healthcare sucked so bad until my mother got sick and blah, blah, blah. I didn’t realize how out of control guns were until my buddy got gunned down next to me. It’s a disease.
 you guys ever gonna fix your game?? I'm sick of playing online drop ins and then getting no XP after the game.
Really a dumb and lazy comment. The country was founded on the principle of God and country. It should never have been removed from the schools or society. Maybe we wouldn’t have some of the problems we do now. But by all means let’s throw a fit about this.
You mean the transcript of the President coercising a weak ally to “do him a favor” while holding back needed (and approved) weaponry? The transcript the White House itself made public? Who do you think you’re fooling? #Traitors #TreasonCabal
I know that is some nickname in Spanish or something but I'M LITERALLY CRYING WITH THE "BOLUDA" kkkkkkkkkk idk why is so funny to me, but okay,,,,,,
#ImpeachmentIsComing Come back to earth This is all you have thought about since 11/16 Stop shredding the contitution and try the old fashioned way VOTE!!
i got one behind the ear last night & it doesn’t hurt at all so go for it
It's hilariously ironic that the "critics" (AKA leftist pawns) are going to give troubled incels even MORE of a reason to do something violent.
They will have to abandon him & give him the opportunity to resign. The crimes against the US are too vast. He passed Dem v. Rep long ago.
If America is stupid enough to put Trump in the White House, then we deserve to have him inflicted upon us!
This type of law doesn't seem to be hurting the Olympics infact you could say they've never being more popular the athletes have never being more well known at the end this will make the athletes bigger stars boosting the cost of tickets and tv rights
Freaked out and pacing the entirety of Skyhold. In a circle.
Fight On The Right Brewing In Ohio Over Governor’s Gun Control Plans https://bearingarms.com/cam-e/2019/09/30/fight-right-brewing-ohio-governors-gun-control-plans/ …
Yep. I’m referring to the WTF morality standard than any legal one. The cop was conducting what amounted to a home invasion.
Maybe stop using the large mixing bowl as your cereal bowl?
Does anyone really believe what has transpired over the last 4 years can be walked back? No, so prosecute the enemy action as the war it actually is. The Democratic domestic enemies certainly are, and have absolutely no compunction about pushing the nation to and over the ledge.
what’s the #and how bad you want the emergency to be?
The Bombay attacks reportedly killed the people who had uncovered links between the terrorists and elements of the Indian military.
Here’s why you’re a horrible person and no longer allowed to attend any Maydale Event. Opening day, you’re banned. Until you learn that it doesn’t matter what stud people build in, you’re officially banished from the Maydale Scenic Railroad.
Donald Trump Is Stupid King Lear And The Wall Street Journal Is Fools And Madmen - Friday, the Wall Street Journal ran a really dumb op-ed (but we repeat ourselves), in which "musical theater composer-lyricist" Gregg Opelka explained that Donald Trump would never pressure the ...
The whole encounter seems staged thats not how libs react when they get what they deserve and the pizza shop is empty
https://youtu.be/tT61n0VFr5I Happy Xmas War Is Over - Peter Hollens & Jackie Evancho (John Lennon Cover) https://youtu.be/2DiL3p98ejE Ashley Bouder - Waltz of the Flowers https://youtu.be/xdjl5b6tlns Jackie Evancho and Katherine Jenkins sing 'Silent Night' at Rockefeller Center
can that ugly man just go into the fucking police station ugly head ass holding it all up
It feels really weird for the guy too. Also happens with siblings
No. Some things you have to chalk up to skin tone. Perrish Cox charged with felony rape NONE of the same black NFL media that wanted UNCHARGED whitey Ben's head on a platter said a word.
 my response to your list from the Bryan and Gina show: Cute, not cute, not cute, hot, hot, cute, hot, extremely hot, cute, cute, hot, not cute, hot, cute, cute.
idk how someone can be so cocky and cockless at the same time
Yoooo. All these little ones getting the news of the fraud BEFORE Connor I -- CHELSEA, TELL HIM WTF.
6) If you can impeach me then you can't do it anyway because I will call on my followers to start a goddamn civil war to stop you from doing so. 7) If none of the above works I shall howl and scream and beg someone to assassinate the whistleblower.
I mean that’s everyone’s story this time of year. If you are a team that beats people senseless in September, the scores don’t usually show how bad it really was because of backups. OU can literally say that all 4 games coulda been much much worse.
The Trump nonsense is what they want. The Republicans know Pence would not win. Trump will likely win in a landslide if it's Biden or Warren.
The ex con letting the team down in the photo stakes . No real surprise
This has turned into a real shit show. Let the man be what he was elected to be, the fucking President!
What does any of that have to do with the fact Brexit is about racism? Have you emailed my employer yet? You know, to complain and make dark threats unless they fire me and *SHUT ME THE HELL UP!* That's what most people do when I discuss facts they think should be secret. xD
You do know a vast majority of monocrops are fed to livestock right you lose about 70% of calorie density if you eat meat instead of the crop used to feed them
No negotiation. And the complicit GOP should not be let off the hook. They enabled Trump to bully his way out of accusations of 2016 interference, which if proven in court should annul the election, and overturn Trump's judicial picks and environmental rollbacks.
I don't know if I can answer that because spoilers don't affect me! I remember when everyone was yelling Snape kills Dumbledore, my first thought was, "how? And how does it affect the story? "
I showed up to GRS and one of the final releases before they could operate on me included a warning that this operation would impact my fertility.
 JW/Tom Fitton says Trump should CUT OFF SECURITY CLEARANCE IMMEDIATELY FOR ADAM SCHIFF! HE CANNOT BE TRUSTED!! AN ENEMY OF THE PRESIDENT & THE STATE!! FITTON SAID THIS IS NOT FOR IMPEACHMENT INQUIRY, IT'S JUST CONTINUATION OF THE COUP! WATCH HIM ON DOBBS TODAY!
People stop making this tired joke about a song that’s about the death of his father.
Oh, so you're gonna eat it while crying in the corner of your apartment?
#howannoying is it that I washed all the bedding AND MISSED A FUCKING PILLOWCASE
Samantha Power: the archetype of Obama's idiotic foreign policy, and antisemitic snake. https://www.discoverthenetworks.org/individuals/samantha-power/ …
So my Dad was at a work conference all last week and asked what he'd missed vis-à-vis the impeachment proceedings. I sent him the following: Trump's arguments thus far have been as follows: 1) I didn't do it. 2) If I did do it, it wasn't wrong.
Making a U Turn in the middle of the road, is a bad habit. #LT
The day I finally go the ain’t got nun niggas need  – at Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen
I have no hair to be put into a bun in the first place...
No ply no problem just get the Shitty First Draft out of u!
Well at least Anubis made into the winner's circle. Still messed up regardless.
I was close to walking through a fragment of Epping Forrest today, thanks for the suggestion  but the compass/gps started going crazy and I started loosing service. No way I was going to get lost in this new route plz add feature to alter route
Perhaps no one told William Barr how things work out for the personal Attorneys of Donald Trump.
Now here me out. Let's make this deal, then the second he resigns we prosecute him anyways.
Justin failed to keep up his scam. I wouldn't be surprised if he were getting investigated by now. By the way last i heard bittorent owner wasn't paid till now.
What do you mean the actors alive or three character bc I know the actors obviously alive but what about nathan could he really be still alive somewhere or is the character really dead
Yeah guys nobody should have to pay to murder their own baby! The American taxpayers should be paying for that. Am I right?
Republicans & their supporters are so blind they cannot even see that they've acted in a corrupt manner. This government is rotten to the core #trump #DonaldTrump #maga #potus #trumpimpeachment
doesnt help when most people havent heard 2 of the 4.
“Too antisocial for social media” is ironic given your repulsive tweet. I’m not a fan of Piers, but that really is lowest of the low. Totally out of order.
People also didnt realize til recently just how heavy Method Man really fucks w/ the battle world as well & it goes farbeyond just speaking his mind on battles. He really puts on for us and is happy to help out when he can on some big bro type shit. Pure legend
I also can't get my head around the concept of Downer as accidental Saviour of Earth from nuclear holocaust #auspol
It's been a strange day for news in the Okanagan. Our newsroom has not been able to post a single story to our website today because of technical problems ....
Today am seeing the loml and we vibing to #joro aint nothing y'all haters can do about that am sorry.
Managed to get outside and walk a bit. I cannot walk anywhere near the amount I used to be able to. This lumbar is wracked, wrecked, and a broken good for nothing.
Listen, I just want to run away from who I am. Stop the stigma.
What is going on with you guys in fox News that try to call your self journalist.. Pls give me a break OK Bret you and Mather and the most bias of all Chris are not fair and balanced as you think OK.. Chris is worst. He hate the president so much that he can't control his behavi
It's all one ship. And you've been rocking it hard. Are you proud of the hatred you create? Cheerleading for a shit storm? Your "dryland" is merely a swamp. Peace has no chance until you realize resistance is futile #GoodTimes2020
This didn’t start with Ole. Actually he has improved the squad since he came in. It will take a while for us to challenge any decent teams. There is no doubt this is the rock bottom we’ve ever been but we will bounce back. Let’s be patient and watch the transformation!
 Could you and Chelsea be grosser. Lord, get over it, you lost, TWICE, people are bored, and now focused on the weirdness that is CHELS.
#BothamJean is about to get failed by our justice system. The judge has instructed the jury to consider a "Castle Doctrine" defense for Amber Guyger. She walks, if even one #Deplorable juror takes the race-bait. What an evil scam!!!
Literally Had The Worst Day And Just Wanna Talk To My Actual Bestfriend.
He's definitely one of the worst ones I've read about.
So you're saying that the government coordinated a multi-nation conspiracy to fake Russian interference just to screw over Trump? And the AG was sent everywhere to fix it? Do you understand how stupid you all sound?
If trump resigns will the investigations into his criminal activity continue? He will continue to do damage and so will his family.
What the fuck? He’s claiming he’s shadow banned when his 105 stupid tweets were viewed over 112 million times. Fucking conservative grievance politics.
Look  their crimes are on tape and he even admitted to it. Where’s his arrest? Where’s his investigation? Where’s his removal from office? What about the made up Lies he testified to Congress & American people last week? Stating words Trump never said but declaring he said?
FACELIFT??? You need no stinking facelift. All the best with your new projects though!
yeah i never follow the official prompts kajshd i know it helps some ppl avoid block but i mostly feel restricted by it. a lot of diff ppl does diff themed prompts tho, see if any of them strikes you. my goal this year is at least 3 lmfao
I feel that because of overwhelming negativity in the world today from the climate change “disaster” to fighting politicians & threats of wars that the new generation have given up hope for a good life. Anyway that’s my view.
Maybe not now, but by the end of the year I believe it will be the browns. Need time to grow as a team. Will be a tough out by the end of the year.
You mean like the things you did, but failed? Then came the insurance plan, that failed too. Now the impeachment plan, that will fail also. Evil will never triumph over good. In the end the truth will be known.
#WilliamBarr you made your bones long ago in the School of Hardknox,& now your moral Constitution is being tested,as the office of our president has been compromised by Russian influence,& you must bring lady liberties attackers to Justice,how will history define your legacy Sir.
Why the hell should our Secretary of State be traveling ANYWHERE with Gorka? Was Hannity busy?
I've had so many people ask about CBD oil and I've told them all the same thing: unless it's pure, 100% CBD, it ain't helping
Lord I done put on 3 different pants and it’s a no for all or them I am not in the mood for pants I’m socked I still got my socks on
All those who suffer TDS are. It's to be expected, when one is shown to have the affliction.
Brandon Williams ain’t tolerating the soft ass play from Thomas
Trump lied in a written deposition. Same thing. Plus, he refuses to be questioned under oath. Read the Mueller report. It outlines crimes just as bad. The call to Ukraine (official notes) show he was using withholding of approved aid to benefit his campaign. These aren't serious?
It will never be the same without you  #ChicagoMed. First you broke my heart on #Arrow, now here Tommy and Connor always in my heart
vacuum fluctuation, ie for no good reason delusion w attendent suffering bubbles up, allowing enlightened collapse. apologies for any unseemliness in my know-next-to-nothing analogy! i’m curious re how Qs of the process of the whole get expressed or dispatched in this locale.
To the woman in the red Suzuki Alto who was hugging the fast lane on the M7 and the entire M2: learn the bloody road rules, move over if there's no one to overtake and stop the road rage when people understandably get annoyed with you! #sydneytraffic
Bitches probe nun cause they the same ones that came crying to my house after Krystal had to go to the psych ward and all Ashley wanted to do was smoke a blunt ain’t even go w her girl to the ambulance sadddd
I don’t know who needs to hear this by we don’t live in a post-racial society therefore no one has the luxury to be colorblind
I hate the fact that if I don't start a conversation, there won't be one.
"Sharp or Mild" isn't even a question. Who the hell eats Mild?
sorry.. idk what people keep their meth in these days. mine’s typically in the third book from the left on my bookshelf at home.
"jennie have no stage presence" bitch please,, she IS the stage presence
I mean, except for the problem of listening to Big Thief that is.
day 36 without a  follow, hes aged 45 years and gotten a whole lot angrier within the past days.
(seriously. The internet is both the best and worst thing to happen to my OCD and all my takes are hyperbolically bad. Also I'm probably high.)
Lehigh Valley 0 - Hershey 1 (end 1) Shots: HER 9 - LV 5. Rookie from Yale Joe Snavely flips it in from the right of the cage assisted by Colby Williams. Phantoms 0/2 on PP . Not as strong as yesterday. Puck taking a couple clunky bounces out there in some spots.
I'm not sure how strong the coup d'etat attempt is, could be just a couple hundred people involved or it could be more than that, not sure at the moment.
If the item were made of mashed potato and deep fried, then it would be a potato cake. But potatoes cut into scallop shapes, battered and deep fried are rightly called potato scallops. Potato spiders are grated potato fritters.
Like, doesn't this look like a fun place? (minus the murder drones)
I'll pat a dog that comes to me but IDG the obsession.
Here lies Katie-hime. She was like the other one. WHO?????
He gotta cut out the dumb ass interceptions tho.. 3 pick 6 this year already
Hey let’s trade our franchise SS and 3B if they won’t agree to contract extensions, it’s so stupid. As a player why sign when you only have one team that can offer you a contract, go to the open market and have 30 teams be able to offer you a contract
Seriously...why the fuck is Gorka traveling with Pompeo?
┍━━━━ ⋆⋅☆⋅⋆ ━━━━┑ ✿ NO CHEATING ✿ brighten up my Twitter with the 38th picture in your camera roll, no matter what. Don’t explain, have fun and play along! Then copy this using the number I give you. ┕━━━━ ⋆⋅☆⋅⋆ ━━━━┙
My niece called me just to tell me she didn’t cry today and was good at school so the grinch not gona take her presents
What the hell is THIS? Looks like you typed it on an old Selectric typewriter..Proves NOTHING. What a worthless politician.
LITERALLY. NEITHER OF US NEEDING PERSUASION WE JUST AGREED. What’s the harm of one more suzie show this week??
one time 3 yrs ago one of my followers sent me a giant ass binder of around 20 pokemon cards that were just pikachu variants. unfortunately, i gave the cards away because that person turned out to be a sex pest.
Don't give the Pans too much of your time and energy, sis. We don't have time to argue with folks who are at the bottom with us. Let him tire himself out. He’ll stop tweeting soon.
The ludicrous shipping cost for the SNES controller for Switch in the UK is likely because of them sending them off from Germany, where Nintendo of Europe's headquarters are located.
It’s almost as if mocking Florida has nothing to do with race and everything to do with the rampant idiocy. You must be be from Florida.
This time last year everyone assumed Bell was the dick and AB the team 1st guy. How wrong can people be
now I don’t have to waste my tim being disappointed when the mv drops skdk the hype? it dead
As I carve my authentic self onto this planet I see how to truly know oneself you have to begin my stopping. To stop and reflect on where you’ve been. To discover desires; to discover what ignited the fire within your soul as you begin to become whole. I had to learn to breathe.
As a former lib dem voter this is the last straw. She would risk a no deal Brexit over backing Corbyn for a couple of weeks. I will never waste my vote on the lib dems again.
Daddy’s going down and he’s throwing you under the bus along the way. Chloe will not visit you in jail and no conjugal visits with Kim either. #sad #indictment #incarceration
With such amazing source material given to you from the best comic ever produced, how did you fuck it up and make such a crappy, boring show?? This season was rushed and the finale was a turd.
Stop being a fucking idiot. Who wrote the fucking tweet? Her kid? Oh he didn't. So Ivanka wrote the tweet? Oh so he was replying to her tweet? Oh I see! I can see why trump attracts the type of people he attracts. Dumb. Ignorant. Stupid. Act like the people you want to con
Damn, this is getting good! The ones that aren’t resigning are not running again and a few are even turning on donny dimwit
this shit was good as HELL I got a little teary eyed at the end
No woman should ever be put down. No man should ever be put down. No person should ever be judged or pre-judged. No-one should believe they monopolise the moral high ground or question the very fabric of a person's personality. As Bercow said: "Let's try [to] respect each other."
It would be easy to make this go away - either through the 25th Amendment or the threat of it with him resigning and taking his crazies with him. America needs to rebuild and no reason to wait a year.
Monday, Monday can't trust that day! You can trust us to get the Harvest Playlist on for you beginning at 9pm! If you are working Harvest tonight, we salute you for all your hard work!
Also, one addendum. The PRC is neck deep in the Islamic world with its policies in Xinjiang and its network of alliances with Muslim states stretching from the Kingdom to Pakistan. I have a suspicion that this set of problematic relations is kindling primed to catch fire. FIN
3 concerts na meron akong ticket na di ko napuntahan/mapupuntahan because of the ff reasons: 1. LANY - Conflict sa sched ko. 2. THE CHAINSMOKERS - cancelled ng organizer 3. SHAWN MENDES - Conflict ulit sa sched ko. Puta. Babawi ako next year. BABAWI AKO!!! Kagigil putangina
yet in the same sentence you said: "everyone was seeking Independence from" you are contradicting urself.
Lol. What the hell are you smoking dude. I want some of that you are really on a cloud
Have you seen the nightbass artists before ? Fire house sets. Don’t knock it till you try it.
Riiiight, we have such a hard fight . With all those GOP retirements (6 alone in TX ) and the ones going to jail! Wake TF up.
Can’t imagine if PH ballers are also banned in the US, Paras will not be the Paras ya’ll know today.
I find it hard to believe you're that naive. Why fight for campaign finance reform at all if you believe money isn't corrupting? Why does Warren play up her refusal of corporate donations during the primary if it's not important? Bernie will not take corporate money. Period.
 You quote the bible when it's convenient. You vote with Trump when it's convenient. Everything you do is for your own personal convenience, yet you hide behind bible verses because you're too scared to stand on your own.
Is there a direct link between the Clintons and this bank? These people are as evil as they come. But ... Not enough facts. Too much innuendo.
You're correct, thats why most LGBT folk fucking hate those people because the association gives the community a bad name.
WizKid - Joro (Official Video) Wizkid has released his new song entitled "Joro", the song is having over 100k views on youtube. One word for 'Joro' would say its a mad tune that will blow your mind. Click to watch 'Joro' below, https://www.quickgisterblog.com.ng/2019/09/wizkid-joro-official-video.html …
That magical moment in one of your first rpgs when you realize too late that you did a bunch of things wrong and your character sucks and knows the wrong abilities and skipped over important missable upgrades Wheres my reset button
"whistleblower" is a plant. Had ZERO knowledge until was fed to him, and best of all, his "account of the phone call" doesn't match up with the real transcript! THAT is classic fraud, fake, and witch hunt. TDS is a real mental disorder! Cocoa Puffs.
If the Bidens broke the law, put them in jail. Maybe you can share a cell.
Wala jud maka agwanta kay nobody wants to go through the worst. Gusto man tanan nga happy ra permi.
Let him twist. Perfect. He will say he didn’t even want to be potus, but people voted for him bc they had no better choice. Nevermind he said “he alone can solve it all,” but it’s still Dem’s fault this is happening to him. That makes no sense—but he’ll convince the magas.
" I was actually the weakest of them all in this world. I will never hurt anyone again...." - Scissorhands [ Hatsune Miku ]
Annnnnd cuz I'm blind af I didn't even get the pics of muhboi in the previous tweet. I notice you've been getting into FFXIV a bit recently; I think Sergio hasn't taken this well to a gameverse since Xenoblade X.
Do you really believe the millions of people who read the call transcript and watched the hearing, who now support the inquiry, if not immediate impeachment, have misread and misunderstood all of it, or were tricked by Schiff?
How? Falsely accusing someome of something as heinous as a hate crime is every bit as bad if not worse then a hate crime. Its done with the full knowledge the accused are innocent and still seeking to punish them. What the actual fuck is wrong with you?
I rode with somebody to the Circle K on BV Rd last night. You gotta ring the door bell to get in that bitch now.
 Are you kidding me??? Do we really need another bad actor running for the City Council??? Don't we have enough pressing problems in the City that require our immediate attention???
Has anyone told this congressional GOP aide that he should envision the very worst and then multiply it by a factor of 92
Revolt, no one said erase women from Rightism. Hardly. Indeed, they have their sphere and we ours. Political organizing is part of the latter. Injecting women, especially husband/bf seeking single women into a group of men is a guaranteed way to make compatriots become rivals.
This time he stopped but he did not turn to address the other demon. “And what makes you think that this Sesshomaru would work for anyone?” was the cold reply the demon would get.
“I left because of the war, you silly woman. And I imagine you were told that I had died because I was captured and probably thought to be dead.” His voice was so chipper from the reunion they were having. He had no idea of the trauma she’d been though, not fully.-
That’s not telling off, that’s telling the truth. I am generally pro-kid most places as they are a part of life, but these parents were totally in the wrong here. No question.
 is this what it looks like when your soul dies because you sold it to the devil.
Never trust a girl that need glasses but don’t wear em , she’ll never see the issue
Have they stopped and asked themselves why Pelosi REFUSES to actually start an official impeachment inquiry? Just because she says she's starting one doesn't make it so there has to be a vote on the house floor and they actually stonewalled attempts for one then ran off for break
Australian Islamic ISIS Women interned in Syria- They went overseas to establish a world ISIS caliphate & implicitly or explicitly kill men, women & children. Now on the losing side they want sympathy-sympathy they would not give us if they won!
I need JuJu and Tyler Boyd to miss the buses to the stadium and get benched for the game.
Mother fucker quit dickin around and get out the hospital!!! Love u fool #CrippGang
The whole Trump Mob is on this and they are all complicit. A lot of people should go to prison. Barr, Pompeo, Giuliani are guilty.
majority of Americans hates the media and democrats for the massive lies they have been telling,. The president has a 53 percent approval. That means media polls are wrong again, No one trusts the media polls since 2016
I mean CNN producer said the whole Russia thing was BS. 3 reporters also left CNN for being caught in a lie about it... Just deceit all around. It’s been proven at this point that nearly all Russia coverage is confirmation bias with anything that has a conclusion
I’m hella sick might be going to the ER so ah haaaaa
And they are uncomfortable - get the chais right and riders won’t complain. (As much)
Man I haven’t been able to find my mail key for weeks. I’ve been really trying to avoid paying for another bc I know as soon as I do I’ll find them but I know my mail woman is cussing my ass out for all the mail I haven’t gotten yet.
Hi Barbie wanted to ask if you could do a day we’re everybody can get at least three things in each category of the shop I would really appreciate if you did cause I’m poor T-T
why is this poor girl not receiving the same support as Greta?
And murder anyone who gets in the way of your quest for power.
Thanks. Interesting. Doesn't rule out politicians being involved but somehow failing to fuck it up, of course, and given that the pols would take the flak if it turned into a mess i would have thought that the more awake of them would have taken an interest. But no biggie.
This is the most beautifully tragic shit I ever seen
How you fail to miss the point is incredible. They want to protect their freedoms and the danger is next door. The CCP is what they fear and for good reason. How about showing those rankings?
Trader Joe's cashier: Me: yeah i got all the pumpkin shit, you can fight me if you want to
Emperor Newsom should occasionally do something useful for the people, such as abolish state gasoline tax, abolish property tax for retired elderly, make our homes judgement proof as they do in Florida & Texas, end brutal forced vaccination of children, stop fluoridation, etc.
Narcissistic, insecure, pompous asshole men make it sound like their partner is who’s the reason a relationship is rocky, unstable, and full of fights...when really they’re mean, vindictive, dishonest, and the real reason behind the bullshit. AMAZING.
Yuck, the price of a Lambo in BTC just ticked up a tiny bit.
The Trump administration is far worse than can be imagined. They are all a bunch of criminals. | From the Washington Post: Barr personally asked foreign officials to aid inquiry into CIA, FBI activities in 2016 https://www.washingtonpost.com/national-security/attorney-general-barr-personally-asked-foreign-officials-to-aid-inquiry-into-cia-fbi-activities-in-2016/2019/09/30/d50cd5c4-e3a5-11e9-b403-f738899982d2_story.html …
Your point is dead mate. Ozil is nowhere near his best. You just mentioned Salah and De Bruyne both of whom do commendable pressing and defense work while outscoring Ozil in number of goals and assists at the same time. Btw Ozil has Auba and Laca over 2 seasons now.
So, minimise the risk by allowing a legally regulated supply of these substances. It isn't rocket science, even though prohibitionists like to pretend it is. Or, do you also think that anyone dying from a counterfeit substance they couldn't get tested deserved to die?
 man you showed giving up his gas station for a total electric car station has been LED in the wrong direction by all who believe in the green deal they want to get rid of fossil fuels no electric no plane no cars no factories and more it's a Fool's errand
Let Negan loose! I’m watching the return of #TWD Sunday 9/8c.
Three-year-old twin girls are found dead in a car parked in the backyard of a Georgia home in 92F heat after their foster parent dialed 911 when the sisters were discovered missing https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-7522451/Three-year-old-twin-girls-dead-parked-car-Georgia-home-92-degree-heat.html …
I want I’m the whistleblower to trend if we all tweet that it shows all his haters that we don’t approve of him and he can suck it
How can those fools be "neutral" if they helped Hitler, or even the US? France of all nations knew who to help in our war with those uppity Brits.
I never would have thought Dak missing Cobb in the endzone would come back to haunt them. There's like no room for error with Cowboy QBs. Romo knows all about it.
don't lie •- Saturday •- November •- Na •-Friday •-1 •-S •-T •-Nope •-Tsanga •-those were dark times •-yep •-Yes drop an emoji and I'll send you the questions
NO CHEATING brighten up my twitter with the 8th picture in your camera roll, no matter what. don’t explain, have fun and play along! then copy this using the number I give you i’ll start
taco bell got rid of the fiery doritos locos tacos... fuckin L
Register and vote. Every election. Every time. And vote against GOP, even if the Dems really are actually dumber than dirt.
Can you possibly take them to a reservation? Until one teaches or experiences the Rez, no one really knows. I feel like Native Americans are not honored or represented in our education system in South Dakota. I think the Oceti standards should be taught as a separate class.
No thanks, the lessons of the last Civil War in America should be crystal clear to everyone. If not, read a book.
The hospital has said Danny can go to skilled nursing until his wound heals, problem is.... no place has beds or don’t take his insurance, and the won’t let him come home for me to care for him. So what am I to do? Hmmmm...
Two-year-old girl dies in hot car after her mother left her alone in the vehicle with the heating turned up and went drinking for five hours in California https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-7520389/Two-year-old-girl-dies-hot-car-mother-left-vehicle-FIVE-HOURS.html …
Indeed. During the Thatcher years, football and some of the music was the only hope we had. My adoptive brother never left Liverpool, he loved the city, but back then he also described it as 'the biggest open prison in the western world'. I understood. I had to leave to work.
What you are defending is the DemocRATS' twisted & evil ideology.
Did Congress seriously still go on it’s recess?!? If ever there was a time to cancel one in order to hunker down and do the people’s work it’s now. #DoYourJob #SaveDemocracy
The Hate Crime Hit on Karen Pence and Immanuel Christian School Is Proven False but Will Anyone Apologize https://www.redstate.com/streiff/2019/09/30/hate-crime-hit-karen-pence-immanuel-christian-school-proven-false-will-anyone-apologize/ …
People really blow my mind lol like mother fucker who the hell are you bro? Lmao smh.
If a factory increases production with automation while reducing labour required, the workers could be paid the same while they work less (why not!?). But under capitalism the factory owner is allowed to fire most/all the workers to increase their own profit: disgusting!
If the GOP wants to keep investigating the Russia Interference, by all means. Let’s bring up the Mueller report again and again, and say yet again, THERE WAS AMPLE EVIDENCE 11 OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE that could have been prosecuted if not for the OLC and Barr lying.
bro i really got football pictures, school pictures, and the scholastic book fair all in a paycheck. imaaaa cry
the way i was in line for m&g when jack followed me and i gasped so hard and scared em and when i whispered it to her she literally screamed and said “JACK FOLLOWED YOU?!” causing everyone around us to stare
On this International Podcast Day, we want to give a shout out to  & its faithful cryptkeepers  & ! Check out their their new killer episode featuring Popcorn Frights alums , the creators of A Quiet Place! https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/ep-331-scott-beck-bryan-woods/id1326561266?i=1000451731663 …
The freaking President of the United States threatening civil war via Twitter if he’s impeached.
Anti-fossil fuel protestors are again at the entrance of Abbot Point Terminal. Police responded quickly & there has been no impact to operations. Protestors are using a "sleeping dragon" device meaning their arms are locked in - Police are now cutting them out of the device.
How can the dirty Dems. proceed without a vote to do so! If I was Giuliana, I would not honor the subpoena until the vote was in place!
Look here.....WHERE THE HELL is the Fall, #Memphis??!?! We are LITERALLY in week 2 of Libra season and it feels like the Sun is STUCK in Leo!! Me to the Memphis Cool Weather:
Is the "anti-Semitism" label losing some of its punch as a weapon against political parties? https://canadatalksisraelpalestine.ca/2019/09/29/is-the-anti-semitism-label-losing-some-of-its-punch-as-a-weapon-against-political-parties/ … via
I crowd the shit out of my pans when cooking turn in next time for #KitchenConfessions
13 year old me is on her 17 538th breakdown today, bawling her eyes out, blasting "that should be me" and plotting Hailey Baldwin's Death for the 800 000 000th time #BieberWedding
Ain’t it Crazy how the people we joked about as kids became the people we Know as Adults
I think its plausible, especially given the glowy ass Reavers have, but my only doubts involve the Reavers ability to fly, their extra limbs, and the snatcher's elongated tail.
you stopped being my person when you weren’t there when i needed you the most.
Laughing now wait big blue wave is coming. The entire country sees the the GOP as a terrorist organization and the single biggest threat this nation has ever seen.
A guy dropped him in my league but my only drop may be Christian Kirk. Thoughts on the swap? I have D Adams, C Godwin, T Williams, Kirk, AJ.
Genuinely think that any rational and intelligent person can establish who are the genuine article and who are the pretenders without the need for 1099 evidence. Many will never be satisfied based on either ignorance or their own insecurities. If I played more, you'd have my sub.
Hi  I’m trying to transfer my Destiny 2 content to steam but I’m unable to login on your site? Will I lose access to the game if I don’t do it before tomorrow?
Yeah I get that it’s extremely defensive and whatever malice caused his thoughts is still there, hence the receipts trademarking. But I also think he has a degree of remorse and growth. Maybe if being too biased because my distain for cancel culture but....
This is an accurate assessment. As positions harden against tobacco harm reduction, assume the hard heads are exactly those who have never listened to smokers and ex-smokers who have quit by #vaping or #snus.
Any else notice that everything the Democrats have ever accused #trump of has been done/committed by the left already.
drafted a memo looking forward to a long & profitable relationship with the spy agency; then bought the Quashington Boast for $250 million. Of course, he never mentions that provenance nor criticizes US Empire endless war & bloated military budget in the rag. I boycott all Bezos.
As a die hard Diana girl I used to really hate Charles. That has truly changed over the years as I’ve read & watched more about him.
I steal think he never should of be reppin gang in the first place when niggas around him were rats to begin with.
cosmo is the sweetest ever and the least catlike cat ever )-:
Johanna dragalialost crushes the thots from granpoo fantasy between her thighs like sparrow's egg
You will get through this. People suck. You can't really change that. You can, however, be the most awesome version of yourself and spread your light. People will try to dim that light. To hell with them. You've got this!
We must be the change we wish to see if we don't want the sea to be the change that destroys our islands and coasts.
To me, this is Stefon just saying he’s not talking, but definitely agrees with Thielen. Diggs to the moon, baby.
I am a person of the USA I can testify that every person I met over seas thinks Trump is an idiot!
I've infiltrated the rebels and disguised myself as one of them. Heading to the Walmart for Little Debbies and beer. #civilwarpotluckhttps://gph.is/1d2bhIa
I learned something tonight. The fastest way to get out of a fight with your mother is to tell her that your girlfriend is taking off her pants. Less than 10 seconds the call is over.
Can't help but LOL at the vision of Rudy being questioned by the low IQ Dems on these Committees! Rudy will decimate these morons.
DROP THE TEASERS ALREADY FOR TXT, FFS IMA SMACK Y’ALL A$$ES IF Y’ALL DON’T STOP PLAYING WIT ME
If not for the epilepsy risk, I would say you should 100% do it
The people who just automatically think the bills are terrible just because of memes and such are dumb. Watch the games.
October will be crazy And I can feel my grades dropping down to the floor
I drew with no intent to make it look good just because that class makes me so depressed and just fucked around and my professor literally was in love with the drawing today I don’t know what she wants fjsjdjsjdjskdjd
"Having lost to the former vice president, now president, Sanders' movement imploded and descended into infighting, with various warring factions seeking the crown of King of the Leftists."
We are tired. Tired of a President who is constantly breaking the law and acting in breach of his duty to our country.
i can’t even watch the full thing it makes me so uncomfortable WHY IS HE BRITISH
Seriously how have all the floodgates not opened yet?
Stop the Madness! (John Hinderaker) | https://ift.tt/2ngdXzr
If we want to make sure this never happens to our country again, ALL of the Trumps, half the  and  need to be tried for treason with the same punishment as the Rosenbergs. This should NEVER happen again!!!
As I said, there will only be a return to violence due to customs requirements of certain parties want tvatbto happen. The rest is just the same old political posturing that causes conflict.
Aww is that the only insult your small little brain can articulate?
The Coli will be lit as all hell on Wednesday and I CANNOT WAIT TO FLY UP FOR IT #RootedInOakland
Having a grown ass man touch my ass and asking me if “it was real” was the most disgusting shit EVER
Also a recap of the matches against HCC and SPC is also up even though I hated writing about it. Link: https://thefgcudirtybird.blogspot.com/2019/09/scf-vb-falls-in-suncoast-openers.html … The story on Leilani Wilcox-Nanai and her journey will also be up later tonight. It will be featured as written story and possibly audio
Gonna hurt dems more. Just got off the Mueller investigation. Big fizzle! So, they're gonna start another investigation? Can't find something here, look over there, nothing there, look over here. I'm an Independent and I'm sick and tired of those sore losers trying to "get" Trump
In our relationship, I am the trophy partner. The hypertrophy partner. Cuz I’m the more ripped one. But also the atrophy partner, because I’m disintegrating. Degenerating into an amorphous blob. I will soon be furniture; possibly a trophy case.
That depended on the CBA - our gratuity topped out at $17k for 220 sick days... that's $77.00/day - relatively cheaper than the Sick days that exist now
It’s probably not your strongest point to argue on Daniel Shore when you refused to work for a church on a work for the dole scheme. It’s not exactly your area of expertise. You are, after all, a self appointed logical reasoner
I Have Tweets When Not In My Rhetoric To Crazy All Those Tweets As President Trump All His Tweets As What The Hell Is Trump Also Saying On His Facebook Account...Why Facebook Never Earned Getting Respect From Hearing Politicians From Both Sides Democrats Republicans Heard On TV
#H96FCN to the world The Egyptian people will close Cairo International Airport tomorrow until further notice We will close the airport to pressure the dictatorial regime to leave. no allow a murderer&thief 2 rule Egypt To achieve the demands of the people&freedom
EYE don't reffer to my celf as GODDESS out of arrogance or ego. EYE remeber who I am and the energy of where/who/ what my spirit has been manifested from. EYE am THE ALL. I am a physical manifestation of the mental…
You wanted it to be real and that is the larger problem
Learned that the hard wayyyyy, perooo only up from here
#DuqueMienteenelExteriorYaquinosCondenaaMorir Siempre con copia a          Read About Colombian news and the corrupted #grupoaval SHAME ON YOU!! #SOSNOSESTANMATANDOENCOLOMBIA h
Why the fuck is this continuing? And the republicans complain about Clinton meeting an American are a tarmac. They have no ducking room to talk.
Do you think we'll live to see the day these cover-up will be exposed?
Both papers explain that, while the risk of active #IBD outweigh the risk of treatment, & the risk of under-treatment (or no treatment) are very significant, de-escalation should be considered in some cases to minimize the occurrence of over-treatment. 3/8
4 months ago I broke my leg and needed surgery. Today I’m working and going to the gym while looking for full time nursing jobs. Things really do look up
When  staff move one of your bags, then you forget it and the whole world falls apart because it’s not part of the plan for it to be somewhere else. #ActuallyAutistic
WAIT SHIT I'M NOT GONNA BE HOME NEXT WEEK FUCK I'M GONNA MISS THE TURNOVER Wait I can just use the Xfinity Stream app
I know. The farmer personally killed every pig and never again raised them. The barn and lot were left to rot. It was truly a sad Story.
No surprise there. The White House can’t flush a toilet without Putin’s approval
SHe started to sit up, but remembered she was meant to be keeping still so that the ice could do its job. "Really? You're not afraid I'll end up hurting someone?"
Democratic leaders are such idiots. If they think targeting the President and bringing impeachment charges against him will resonate with the people. We heard your stories, lies and unsubstantiated allegations, and in 2020 the American people will send you a verdict! #KAG2020
Except there will be no dancing in hell Just misery.... like you inflicted on the world
Chris got me a ‘Don’t mess with Texas’ t-shirt for the Luke Combs concert!
so many but I hate the ones that appear just near my upper lip.
Besides God, he seems to also fear the space bar...
Work hard enough so the results speak for themselves.
Waiting for someone to drop the sex in the ceiling vid #원어스_가자 #ONEUS_LIT #FLY_WITH_US
I don't often agree with Katie Hopkins but this summary of the marxist #LabourConference2019 is something to be defeated.https://youtu.be/jBuorJoQbTc
Fox news channel BIASED analyst  is so wrong most of the time that his opinions are not credible to most viewers.
He's aggressively tapping  on the shoulder. "Hey. I have a weird question."
Angel, this is the 2nd Blue on Blue fatality in the last year with the NYPD. This makes the pain all the worse & I hope you and other NYPD officers and veterans of the NYPD ensure you get help when you ask for it. My sincerest condolences to the family of the officer.
I would ignore Congress completely until Adam Schiff has been arrested. He should be in prison. He's an enemy of the people. We stand with President Trump. Sick of the blatant Treason of democrats.
the fact that their private jet photos are right next to their posts about the environment makes me 10x more sick like shut up and get on the fkn bus susie
Today was the first time that I actually missed undergrad. I did not want to get out of bed today. I miss being able to skip my class and just show up on review days and test days.
 wassup !!! You know I fuck wit the oldies too !!!
That color is the only thing saving these. Fuck it’s a nice color.
We have too much greed in our country, be happy with what you have. We could be living in "Yemen". Where our bombs are murdering children. Stop the madness, Impeach all!
The only bad thing is that criminal Big Ben won’t be involved in the beat down that’s about to happen to these NFL culls! WHO DEY
One thing that always bugged me about Raw in recent years... why the “Season premiere” bullshit? Not like it generates a ton of more viewers. And plus, uh, your show never goes away to warrant calling it a “season.”
7. plus the general market sentiment is probably not helping your mindset, if the target in question is declining, maybe the indexes are too, and that incites fear. or the indexes are rising and the target is declining. maybe you should ignore the indexes...
 Ask a biased question...get a biased answer. Q: “to reduce the risk of an outbreak a bill has been proposed…Do you favor/oppose this bill?” MarketResearch101: never use leading, loaded, double barreled questions.  should know better https://tinyurl.com/UCBdata
"The letters I’ve written before are all blackmail to people. I’m not sure if I know how to write a real letter."
I'll tell you what. The way you're obsessing about  tells everyone who's watching that he scares the crap out of your granny panties. The orange fraud bitty in the WH is coming unglued and unhinged. Scared of both the whistleblower and Chairman Schiff.
They can’t figure out which way they want to hand this dickhead the election next year.
You have just as much of a right to rise from the ashes as anyone else, even if it’s from a fire you set yourself.
Republicans are not scumbags and don't jump ship like the Democrats do.
People who talk the most shit, can't handle when it backfires
Breath. Sort, analyze the facts; weigh them fully. Study intent and human error. Draw judgement without preconceptions; insert "what if I had been in that person shoes, how would I have reacted?
I think you might be onto something  , because why else would they be making such a mockery of themselves & the RF? It’s been a disaster. MM ordering the ladies to sit on the floor? Not a part of their culture, it was degrading to them. .
Everyone when 2k releases the same shit game every year...
When do the news stories plan on levelling off today? Crazy news cycle-
I had one a few hours ago and my hands still feel numb, so I guess it's not quite over. I have to meet with my boss tomorrow about the dumbest things and I'm losing it.
Can you really lecture us on the flu when you’re state is responsible for bringing back typhus?
She reminds me of the Auschwitz guard who had no problem escorting women and children into the gas chambers.
calculation may all be true, but it still does not make the case that the President's phone call was entirely lawful. Merely asserting it is not enough. The Russia hoax was a fabrication, so the question was one of evidence. Here, the phone call WAS made so the questions about it
song sounds okay to me, it's just like what sm releases back then, but the disrespect to ten.......... no ten no money
The system really wasn’t set up with gigantic global commercial real estate companies in mind and also half the NYS political machine eats real estate money for breakfast and they do not care if everything is empty
WHY IN THE FUCKIN HELL DO YOU INCREASE THE PACE OF THE GAMEEEEEEW!! The 1.02 Gameplay was fine man!!! THE PACE IS TOO FAST AND UNREALISTIC
i’ve literally avoided talking about superm ever since they got announced bc the whole thing just feels so forced and i felt conflicted but it’s 2am so i don’t really wanna get into it right now either
The Elephant man earned a living for a while as a grotesque. That's why it makes me feel queasy. Not good to laugh at people who look different. We've all done it. But it's not good
if those the wants at the parties than yess bro they die
Microphone: Is this thing on? Has it occurred to anyone yet that holding up $& weapons for Ukraine is Putin's wet dream? Or did I miss that being pointed out by someone/a chorus of voices? I guess I'll be waiting the hour for
Fuck it, I’m shooting the club up tonight off pure inspiration!
its been a full week since the taz amnesty finale dropped so i feel like its cool to talk about spoilers now so like. what the fuck was that shit with minerva and duck.
The cats are screaming and I’m nowhere near my floor so which one of them spotted me out the window
i miss the day when me and  skipped to go eat some honduran/ el salvadoran food and went to the movies to watch 50 shades of grey and then got caught jumping the gate back
House Democrats should stop delaying and put the country first by passing the USMCA trade deal, write  and  https://www.wsj.com/articles/house-democrats-resist-a-win-for-american-workers-11569786329 … via
The Day the Clown Cried is the movie for our times.
 waitress switched 2 chase cards at lunch.Called & put hold on my card AND other guy's card.Asked them 2 plz give him a call and tell him he left his card at the restaurant.Wouldn't do it b/c of privacy? IN NYC on vaca now w no card THX CHASE YOU SUCK
All the theories about if & when Em will drop a new album & what kind of album are making my head spin. A new Bad Meets Evil album dropping on Halloween would be awesome.But that probably wont happen since 50 said hes collaborating with Em.Maybe its a Shady XX album? Who knows!
Crap. I didn’t realize it was a season ended. I like MVS, but I still don’t think he and Rodgers are on the same page.
"But what does he offer them? A powerful central state that destroys the rights of states and local communities" >destroying communities is bad >advocates free trade and open borders HURR DURR
.⁦ ⁩: The India-Pakistan conflict has become a lot more existential on both sides. The room for clawing back is less, the prospect of a violent dénouement high. https://indianexpress.com/article/opinion/columns/free-together-pakistan-india-jammu-kashmir-human-rights-6042624/ …
I don’t think we should use words like treason but under rare circumstances. The word and meaning are very serious. Same as the word impeachment
true. fuck the transportation system here in manila. i really hate it.
Honduras Honestly never thought I'd see a parliament on legs, but Honduras does not disappoint. I almost don't care about any other aspect of it except that it's on stilts but the body gives it a sort of... threatening piano energy. (Image source: )
China— a superpower? You should know more than anyone, the US had over 5,000 nuclear weapons. China has 3. Russia has over 5,000 too. Only 2 superpowers. Stop the nonsense
Am I losing my mind cause it’s 900° still or cause my hormones are still jacked from pregnancy or cause I’m starving or cause I need a date night with my man or cause I need to drink more water or a combo of all of the above
Ok , I’m happy for the dude this is fope. but WHO THE FUCK made an electronic remix of “in the end” ?!
CN: anxiety, cancer. Without content notes? I lay this at the door of the person who RTed a detailed description of someone my age with aggressive stage IV metastatic colon cancer without context or warning. All I can do is unfollow them at that point, knowing they are unsafe.
You're very welcome. It's not the first time I've signed something like this, but I think this particular letter and its message are more timely than some of the past efforts to combat the catastrophe crowd.
Romney has been on Trump’s case since Romney’s election. Just thinking: What if Black (on Burisma’s Board) was in on the whistleblower hoax and, being Romney’s adviser, had Romney’s backing.
She included manslaughter thank goodness, no way murder sticks just based on the story we've heard, barring some weirdness. Man is what the rangers that investigated recommended. https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/special-reports/botham-jean/could-amber-guyger-be-convicted-of-a-charge-other-than-murder/287-1fd0a582-addb-4cd7-b1b7-31a63c332bdd …
This is very reminiscent of the 2015 Red Sox’s “We’re All Aces” nonsense except in this situation it’s “We’re All Starters”. Problem for the Red Sox was none of them were aces and so far the Redskins don’t seem to have a starter either
Why is this person taking people w/ #IBD off medications (eg Humira)? There's no indication this is being done under guidance of the treating physician. "Wean" suggests gradual withdrawal. This risk of anti-drug antibody formation & risk of disease relapse/progression. 1/8
I've come to suspect that he, too, is working for the Russians.
Where the Hell is law enforcement??? Ohhhh, maybe if some of these camera people, put down the damn cameras & actually helped...
What are the Dems worried about the most: Barr and the IG report? Ginsburg circling the drain? CNN and MSNBC going bankrupt?
The dems are causing significant damage to our country with their insane hatred
問題の難度が上がるほど、彼はますますそれを解きたくなる。 The more difficult a problem is, the more eager he is to slove it.
Lookout! I hear a distant thunder starting to roll & it’s heading for DC to address the House Destroy America Crowd. I predict this thunder will precipitate into a Patriot down pour & flood DC.
2/ On the Senate docket to vote on in its place. Senate is supposed to take it's time to debate things and let things that are bad die with a vote. Not die from old age while we wait for McConnell to get voted out or die.
only if you didd a counter claim on it, witch i assume you didd as of getting the strikes off ? well i mean that is the route one goes for some one striking your channle
Sigh. Well, I just had someone say, "I won't have any work for your tomorrow, take the day off" after I pushed back on something. I get paid hourly. It was her way to get back at me. BTW, i actually had a lot to do so I did it and filled out my timesheet. Fuck that bitch.
CN: anxiety. It enables people like me to go ahead and experience the triggers when we're safe and stable. It enables us to avoid it when we have to be up in five hours and we're already antsy from something else. With content notes, that's my job and my fault if I get it wrong.
I woke up randomly and check the phone...sleep lost faster than with all the caffeine in the world. It's official,  will retire as an alarm clock!
We all know why John Salomon is leaving The Hill. He does not want to be associated with fake news like The Hill.
Juan woke me up at 2 in the morning freaking out, I though an earthquake happened but this stupid kid just lost his phone
I don’t hate. I just don’t think he’s worthy of the office. As for doing things right, tax breaks and judges would have been done by any R.
Facts changed that caused the tide to turn dumbass. The WH released facts that matched a Whistleblower complaint. End of story. Nothing radical about that.
Obituary for  I took out last Sept on the one year anniversary of my husband’s still unsolved mysterious death  #unsolved 741 days
The Refs body language in that situation did not help at all. Golladay started to go after him when he was in the endzone and the ref was used as a block but acted like the play was dead and it didnt matter, so golladay backed off pursuit.
if i were a game id be the static speaks my name but just because of the logo and the lack of capitals
That's the crappy kind of bubble wrap that is only partially inflated.
Conservatives need to swarm locations where the antifa Commie-Cowards plan to harass folks, especially the elderly, and the antifa cretins should Not be able to walk away.
—The Japanese giant hornet’s venom is so powerful that it can actually dissolve human flesh. —There is a gun that causes heart attacks —Your death anniversary passes every year —About 153,000 people worldwide die everyday.
But it's Democrats and their media that made the rest of the country an enemy. Constantly demonizing us as racist, Nazis and a white supremacist. It's gotten completely insane.
US stocks climbed on Monday, helped by gains in ,  and Merck & Co, as investors set aside worries about the US-China trade war.
what the fuck is going on who is this little shit and how can i personally fight him
both sides, as Chinese leaders prepare to celebrate Chinas National Day on October 1the 70th anniversary of the founding of the Peoples Republic of Chinaand protest leaders fear a potential crackdown. "https://www.theatlantic.com/photo/2019/09/photos-hong-kong-pro-democracy-protests/599131/ …
I don't get how executive level employees don't know how to do the most simplist of shit when it comes to their PC. I just had to hold a fucker's hand and show him how to change the text color in his emails.
Yeah once you get the buff you need to kill as many enemies as possible!
Whites are under attack from non whites all the time.
JV team went undefeated at the JPC Quad tonight!! Defeating Gladwin, Harrison, and Pinconning in 2 sets for each! Way to go, ladies!
Not in this case. Trump is slitting his own throat and doesn't have the intelligence to realize he's bleeding out.
Officially the dumbest shit I’ve ever heard of in my life. That’s a one way ticket to the ER.
As always, accusing the opponent of things they did themselves.
What's going to hapoen when guys go down with minor injuries and they can't call up any help b/c they're up against the cap? I smell trouble unless a contract gets moved. Unfortunately, I doubt it will be the one that everyone hopes.
How messed up in the head do you have to be to become this after living the American Dream. What a loser.
Hannah is running around the house screaming “Wake Up” May I add she has that one song by Green Day blasting -_____-
Minato's cool. His big superpower, Flying Thunder God, is one of the more conceptually interesting powers in the series--too bad he doesn't actually use it much, being dead and all. >_>;;
Never at any other time has it been more obvious that the #MSM is now rightly referred to as the enemy of the people. They let lies by  go unchallenged even though he made told a lie of full cloth when he quoted the #WhistleblowerComplaint. #KAG2020
That’s why there’s the (S), pops. But like what about those people irl?? Like what about those people irl who eat but never gain weight??
The modus operandi of the Kangaroo Court: bully and threaten any and all opponents until they are worn out or stand down. #KangarooCourt #Congress
Seriously, Jordan is rearguing Sam’s statement? Stop the stupid storyline! #gh
Sorry you are going through this. I know you said it came on at the weekend but sadly I saw it in you while you were on Loose Women earlier in the week. You were different but I hoped I was wrong in what I saw. Look after yourself.
Just thinking about all the hoodies I then lost over the years make me wanna kill one of you bitches
Jesus fuck, 13,000 people without power. The map looks like most of the city. It was a load bearing transformer I see.
Latest YouTube video: I try to make a personal 2000 subscribers play button and failed miserably. Link is in the bio. But there is a cool ending that involves #dragonballsuper #dragonballz #youtubeplaybutton…
  5 of 5 ..transparent regarding clergy-sex abuse & sexual assault. Ask the former Abbott Bede about it. My patience with the lies & deception regarding the Irish visiting priests who Rev. McConville delt with & your own Rev. Stankiewicz have run out
Don’t miss it . . . NEPA comedy magician Denny Corby appears on the season finale of Penn and Teller: Fool Us on CW at 8p!
"This weekend in Hong Kong, pro-democracy demonstrators and riot police clashed once more, the latest incidents in a protest movement that has been taking place for about four months now. The increasing violence and continued anti-Chinese unrest in Hong Kong are worrying both
I would’ve DIED to do this. Someone sent me the info. They’ve since closed the education position.
"I never once thought I'd find /the/ Ahri all alone." The ginger would comment as she approached the kitsune, taking a seat across from her. Quite shocked to see her all alone considering her immense popularity.
Most disrespected and unappreciated on the planet. We don’t get credit neither do we get sympathy.
You keep watching NBC, CBS, ABC, CNN, MSNBC. Their reporting had been spot on . President Trump looks so scared. I think the calm before the storm is about over. Time for PAIN. TRUMP 2020 MAGA KAG WWG1WGA
Under Trump you have the lowest unemployment since the 1970's Coloured employment has never been so high. You seem to want to go back to the Obama regime where corruption and invasion was the norm.
CN: anxiety, for the whole thread. So this particular anxiety attack could've been avoided if people used content notes to telegraph what posts and RTs are about. Cancer is one of my things; infectious disease can be another; insects, less so than formerly, but still.
The Roman historian Tacitus, who was a contemporary of some of the 1st century Christians who walked with Jesus, disagrees. And he wrote of the torturous deaths to which many Christians went voluntarily rather than renounce Jesus. Would they have done that for a mythical figure?
It’s the same pattern over and over and over. Trump is a narcissistic paranoid bumbling imbecile that can only play one note. Victim. Even though he won the damned election. FoolsOut!
If Trump's #CivilWar2 happens, we've got plenty of people offering to bring salads. Nice to have nourishment before destroying the new Confederacy. https://www.yahoo.com/news/trumps-civilwar2-happens-weve-got-144628621.html?.tsrc=fauxdal …
Choose your one kpop girl 1. Hyolyn 2. Sunmi 3. Arin 4. Rosé 5. Wheein 6. Ashley 7. Jimin 8. Yebin 9. Sua 10. Le 11. Mirae 12. Irene 13. Sana 14. Sandara 15. Taeyeon 16. Ryujin drop an emoji and i'll send you the questions
He did not say anything against the kid. It was the caption he replied to. Shame on you guys. Why is this news?
Will the RBA cut interest rates? Can't see the point, it won't stimulate the economy. The lever has no effect now. Lowest interest rates ever & still massive mortgage defaults & a big rise of "Liar Loans" by those who can't service the loan they're trying to get. Get fundamentals
This poll was taken last Friday (Sept 26 - 27). Since then we've had 3 days of back to back breaking news bombshells. It's only going to get stronger and faster. The avalanche has begun. It won't end until Trump resigns. Mitch is going to force Trump to resign. I bet $2.
No matter what a loss to the Bengals stings a little more. Especially if you’re the Steelers
While  recovers from surgery, let’s show him how many people are waiting for him to come back and be a leader in the fight. Join me in telling Ady that you’re with him. https://actionnetwork.org/forms/sign-the-card-for-ady/?source=twitter& …
To the tune of Jesse's Girl: Beau Biden was my bro. Ya, Beau was the better son of Joe. But lately something's changed and it ain't hard to define, Beau has gone ahead and died so I fucked his widowed bride.
The man who holds no elected office says what? #WalkAway
Wrong. The deep state is the unelected permanent government employees that run things like THEY want no matter who is President! Like the deep state in the IC that changed the criteria for a whistleblower a few days before complaint filed, first hand knowledge no longer required
In the real world, when you're caught lying on your CV you usually get fired.
I came out of the rr in the movie theater and hid besides the mens rr to scare my bf when he came out and then i see his head pop out down the hall waiting to do the same to me
its more of a metaphorical climb. even if its really hard he prefers it to the ghey steps
 .... ur team lost, don’t be trying to claim the Pats now
That’s not good Helen. But at least your hoomans are looking after you. Maybe more treats for the inconvenience ?
U AIN'T 2 COME HERE 2 ACCUMULATE A BUNCH OF SHIT U LEAVE THIS PLACE HOW U CAME N WITH NOTHING SOULS & SPIRITS ALWAYS REMAIN THE SAME THAT'S Y U R HERE 2 ACCUMULATE LESSONS BUILDING YOUR SOUL & SPIRITS. WAKE THE FUCK UP
Before a reasonable ARMED person classifies as an INTRUDER someone she hears shuffling from outside “her” now-unlocked door in her obviously confusing apartment building in which she knew maintenance would be showing up to do work that week, she’d hit the refresh button.
complain about being tired all day and as soon as my head hits the pillow I’m wide awake
インド人には近付いちゃダメ！奴ら火吹くぞ！ 英文：You shouldn't approach Indian people! They blow the fire!
It's always the people who don't even know them gets to meet and take pictures with them =/
Poor sentimental fools won't get through bag check before the show starts.
Enlisting a FOREIGN gov to snoop on someone running against you is illegal & promising favors in return is TWICE as bad. Learn the laws before you come in here saying stuff because UR just making yourself look foolish & the world can see it all.
It means people must be held accountable even for mistakes. An innocent person is dead due to the shooters negligence. She must be punished.
You don't think this dude has been warned multiple times? Where ya been? I love the Raiders with an insane passion but there's no excuse for that retarded hit straight to the head. These fools need to learn to tackle. It's not that difficult.
Oh shit this isn’t Colton sorry for the monkey vid sir
No. Then he will just run Ivanka, then Junior. Punishment should be the same as would be for any American. #NoOneIsAbovetheLaw
— And he had hoped she was aware of that. They had spent enough time in one another’s presence through the hardship — bending over backwards for each other under tense circumstances . . . She had helped raise Judith after the death of Carl.
Everybody forgot about this guy. He’s just been circling in the murky water in silence, following the trail of blood. Now, you know why the Dems are frantic. (See comments if you need a reminder)
The problem is that repugs elect worse politicians than the ones that quit.
or call it fear. Either way, she’d be states away and it would be the next morning before she finally stopped for good, exhausted. Jackie pulled up to a motel off the expressway and looked back to see if Dorian was awake.
The Vita was to Sony what the WiiU was to Nintendo. Both amazing systems with killer line ups but victims of circumstance and poor marketing.
I wondered where you were OMG ... hubs said of all the things he saw in ER, kidney stones were the WORST
if anything ppl consider the concept a hindrance bc it makes it that much more confusing to get into them
Celebrating in the streets is more likely than civil war.
A good start would be the judges imposing the legislated 4 years to any sentence when a gun is used.Consequence these criminals when they use guns stop the daycare treatment and wake up and do your jobs
Longest-charting female albums of all time on the Billboard 200: #1. 21 — 432 Weeks #2. Born To Die — 327 Weeks #3. Tapestry — 318 Weeks #4. Taylor Swift — 275 Weeks #5. Fearless — 255 Weeks #6. 1989 — 250 Weeks
Everyone at my old job misses me and have been asking me to go back to train the new employees.
This should be the case. Almost every other game does this. Having it reset per banner feels needlessly greedy.
This all points out the duplicity of the Democrats and their complete racist disregard for their base and the devastating failure of black leadership. NO BLACK AGENDA, NO VOTE!
No. People are too set in their ways. Until the new generation, the children of today become our leaders change in politics will not happen
Literally never said that...my prediction was +300K buys...and again you think theres a Jewish conspiracy against Haymon while calling *me* the bigot...jesus christ man see a therapist before you go on a mass shooting or something.
#Bigfoot sighting? #UFO encounter? #Hauntedhouse? A grisly #murder? Do you have a story or an experience from your small town? If so I want to hear about. Head over to http://stscast.com and send me your story and it may end up on the #podcast. #retweet #rt
Maybe not. But I’m sure this is the Senate batch with the lowest average IQ ever.
Oh man, I miss that movie. Where the hell can I watch that now?
Exactly. And the perfect example could not be anything else other than the interactions between the selfish and the ignorant Maldivian. Fortunately I am no longer Maldivian, neither ignorant nor selfish. And I do not owe anything to anyone to prove it.
Joe Russo's Almost Dead • 2019-09-28 (2:43:43) • The Anthem, Washington, D.C.
I have a stupid smile plastered on my face at 3 am in the mronignbecause of meowmeowbitch
The problem with the world is that the intelligent people are full of doubts while the stupid ones are full of confidence.
273/365: Fun fact: I made this kid do his one page of math homework, and that makes me the meanest mom EVER. The absolute WORST. He’s had to go have a bit of a lie down because I am SO AWFUL. https://ift.tt/2nheMbc
in the mojave,around an in death valleyn these things are pearl white. again, like the "surrounding sand". how can ppl NOT be interested in this stuff?
Red Devils Parachute Jump. Taken with the D850 mounting the Nikon AF-S 500mm f4 Prime Lens. Manual Setting, F/4.5, 1/1600 Sec, ISO-100. What do you think?
Why do (some) christians feel like other religions are wrong or “the devil”? #seriousquestion
thank you for this Schiffy’s lack of accomplishments should tell the story on his fight to ‘restore democracy’
Why have SEX when you can have HAMSTERS I'm undecided if he's also trans, I need time to mull over that one, so for now I'll just say ace (he even kinda has the colors!)
William Barr Flew Around The World Soliciting Foreign Governments For Dirt On FBI, CIA, Mueller Probe https://heisenbergreport.com/2019/09/30/william-barr-flew-around-the-world-soliciting-foreign-governments-for-dirt-on-fbi-cia-mueller-probe/ …
i should be working out but here i am sitting in my car crying outside the gym
Sorry but what the FUCK are the new McFlurry cups, this is not okay
I got bored w/the NFL quite sometime ago. Sunday's are awesome for getting stuff done, retail stores are pretty empty.I still/always will root for The Broncos-but man it's gotten bad. The Broncos are a "blue blood" to put in college FB terms. I didn't notice how bad they are.
Bookmarking this for when anyone uses the "nobody could be THAT bad at games" argument #LinksAwakening #NintendoSwitch
got this lego set in my backpack, do i just build this shit on the plane?
We sat by the fire & talked all night Watching the stars shoot across the sky.
Although I have read two different medical authors books on it, & both say similar things, which is that a gay male are created in puberty if a male has an over bearing female presence in their life, even to the point of abuse, which I also had! #FemaleTeachers
Sorry to hear about Lupus Diagnosis. That is horrible. Are you taking Cholesterol Medication? No need to answer. If so talk to Doctor about it. That is what caused my wifes lupus. They called it a Statin Induced Lupus. Caused by the Drug atorvastatin. Again Sorry.
You couldn't even beat a corrupt Hillary Clinton. You'll stay in the Senate, doing nothing, like you've done forever.
Newsom signs bill letting college athletes get paid( regardless of grades ) None athletes with high IQ’s have to take out massive student loans. Taxpayers paying major part of the bill! MUST stop public funding of colleges and universities!
RT Startup_Nerd: 20 #SEO Mistakes That Will Hurt Your #Website Rankings: - Not optimizing for the #mobile era - Creating duplicate #content - Targeting the wrong #keywords - Not bothering #userexperience - ... #SearchEngineOptimization Via AdelKarpenkova …
Whenever Dems do 1000x worse than they’re accusing it’s called “whataboutism”. The other 99% of the time it’s called an excuse and/or hypocritical
Me being in the hospital ain’t gon stop me from harassing y’all..Don’t get it twisted y’all ain’t safe
If leftest would just pull their heads out and realize this is a battle against the corrupt Uniparty and non-elected officials. #CivilWarSignup #CivilWar2 #DrainingTheSwamp
 Hello Nicole, can we say that Mitch McConnell took a bribe from the Voting Machines Co. to buy their hackable machines?
Real Russian collusion! Too bad Dimocrats are worried about a phone call that the person never heard instead of a President and VP shaking down a country so the VP’s kid doesn’t get prosecuted! How would that play out if that was a Trump deal? You morons would lose your minds!
If  refuses to testify and not follow along with the subpoena,and let's just say Congress doesn't hold him in contempt which includes a fine and ti behind bars; then we as the American public need to hold our Congress in contempt
Facts like girl where u even com from? Just looking for a reason to be on Twitter irrelevant ass twitter make having an opinion or exercising the 1st amendment illegal
Just like Nixon’s All the President ‘s Men, the current power hungry arrogant “Men” will be shamed criminals.
The liberals sit there befuddled, that look of a loser, stupid people!
First day of the month. Me: nag time in. Sila: (na shakira ngano naa pako) Me: (hi fanssssssssss)
I've never played Dark Souls but that gardener is what I imagine when people say the bosses are hard.
And the independence waltz in, The same rhetorics ad infinitum, Of greater years trumping the present, For how long do we go in that circuitous bend? We languish and wallow in that hollow shallow, Independent but dependent, Nigeria goes again at 59 Hopelessness writ large
I'm completely wiping the phone, I'll redo it from scratch. useless piece of shit.
My oldest son out of no where is struggling with addiction. My wife and I had to step in and take custody of my 2 grandsons. Now I'm the enemy. I will never give up on him.
if you dont fw the 501 & white tee combo then you prolly a product of gentrification and bad for my health
This is how it goes when you have a shallow bench of sycophants who lack political experience/DC insight/ability to read a book or a room. Trump will continue to get trash advice until the end.
A little deck gun training. Gotta flow the water while the water still flows.  of Muskegon Fire Department
Episode 1 of the Politician... I’m literally speechless and shaken and fully unwell
I agree! It is so frustrating, especially since we have to sit home and watch all of this. If I had a TV platform, I'd be grinding all of his surrogates in the ground. Be an American before being someone's lackey!!! Coming onto these shows and lying as if we're dumb!
no wind beneath these wings no more, swimming in the deep right now.. still caught up in a dream somehow.
i’ve seen a few people dming their stylists & emailing their company but some of the stylists blocked them .. it’s annoying how no one is talking abt it.
welp i’ll bring the vinegar over let me get my Nugget Geli’s on and we going to capitol to steal Manic from them
"When the going gets weird, the weird turn pro." Doctor Hunter S. Thompson.
I haven’t seen a single player say that about him this year. The only people saying that about him are analyst and people who don’t play football. I’d rather have a player hit hard and not be soft than have a player choking people and players abusing there kids.
Ok I lied it’s the TNT video the cut version on Wilbur’s channel
October is bout to be nothing but blessings the whole month
From Florida School for the Deaf and the Blind : Dig Pink Varsity Volleyball- FSDB vs Eagle's View https://ift.tt/2nXKZo6 https://ift.tt/eA8V8J
That's in conference bias until you play top teams in the other conferences it's opinion based time to go play on the road in their home stadium not neutral site close to home BS LSU DID IT AND AUBURN DID IT WHY IS ALABAMA SO WEAK AND PROTECTING THEMSELVES FROM ANY DISADVANTAGES
I don’t disagree with the reasons above, only the singling out of extractors based on valuation. Without this vape fear-mongering, the current valuation of $LABS is at a discount to valuation based on fundamentals.
Yeah, but the eagles moved up a round for a guy that would have been cut after that packers game tape was reviewed.
fix the steals every time i post up they get a steal it stupid yall fixing the wrong stuff i shouldn't be gettin ripped every time i post a guard up its stupid
I think the boys are putting up a blog series from their vacation but idk where they are putting it up
WHY YOU GO SO LOW TO ATTACK PEOPLE FOR NO REASON?! TAKE A LOOK AT THE REAL JERKS! YOU'LL BE BLOWN AWAY AND LEFT SPEECHLESS: R E A D ACTUAL PHOTOS, PUBLICATIONS AND MERCHANDISE AT LARGE AT MY BLOG http://YourHillary.US
Not I like it. Even archives the messages you delete
Here’s the Vanity Fair article that cements his lunacy...too bad, he had some decent acting performances. https://www.vanityfair.com/news/2011/01/quaid-201101/amp …
*looks up what the last major update tf2 got was* i have depression
lets not forget the forests taken down for palmito, a vegan product and the people who suffer from subnutrition because they export their main food source for vegans....
Maybe you could if it had been shown that he lied to Parliament. The SC specifically said he hadn’t. I think this is a wind up. There will be ructions.
 So who are you too ya musta been out your head eye balls deep and muddy waters you practically raise the dead
I read the whole lunatic thing. You missed the point and are well on your way to writing a deranged thesis about it, but no one missed that your key point is pretending an equivalence between adoptive parenting and being trans.
CONNNIEEEEE the way you draw galo's hair is soooo BUEAITUFL WTF I LOVE!!!!! it looks so stylin!!!
Nobody will believe in what you have to explain yourself. Impeachment has already been activated and everything will be placed on table. Facts will speak for Itself and very soon, you will leave the Oval Office and be persecuted
Our co-captain Taylor also gets a Gatorade for the massive block for a point she got in the 2nd game. The only choices are Fruit Punch Red or Cool Blue
I've often thought of printing out a laminated HEATHER MALLICK card to play in case anyone from the Star ever says to me "I can't believe you ran that column from _____." It is an empirical fact she is the most ridiculous columnist in Canadian broadsheet media.
can’t believe there are literal hitler and ted bundy stan accounts what the fuck are y’all on
HOT ROCK TV NEWS! YOU CAN USE! Heartburn Drugs and Cancer: What Are the Risks? https://wb.md/2lw9NCU from
I was born in El Salvador. My parents brought me as a child to the U.S. They were escaping the civil war. We crossed illegally and lived in the U.S. illegally for nearly 7 years before my parents were granted a temporary permit.
Wait till he locks himself in the room with the codes and threatens shit unless he stays in office.
“If the facts are against you, argue the law. If the law is against you, argue the facts. If the law and the facts are against you, pound the table and yell like hell”.
Gun-toting far-right group says, 'We ARE on the verge of a HOT civil war' after unhinged Trump tweet https://www.dailykos.com/story/2019/9/30/1888954/-Gun-toting-far-right-group-says-We-ARE-on-the-verge-of-a-HOT-civil-war-after-unhinged-Trump-tweet …
Ripple acqui-hires Iceland-based #crypto trading firm Algrim to expand in Europe The Block Crypto http://twib.in/l/jrBbq96Bn8pK #Cryptocurrency
Ahhhhhhh bullshit. I watched your interview and you were hell bent on laying it at Biden’s feet.  is right, you fumbled the ball. You should check your hands to make sure you’re not all thumbs!
How the flying fuck does castle doctrine apply here???
Trump is a “colorful” character who is anything but boring. The problem is this man should never have become the president. Any good standardized career assessment test would have him in a very “low level” type of job!
weird that little talks is on there though its only bc i go to my recently liked for this three song sequence and it comes up next but the penny dreadful theme isn’t even on my repeat playlist
What do the think they are accomplishing by not letting them cross the street? Other than they look like thugs. I just don't get it. This isn't protesting, this is bullying!!
If you go back to that day, the A’s were really banged up...so much that even if they did beat the Royals, they may not have survived the Angels.
You got people out here working at their crappy job for years getting the same amount of pay and no promotion. That could never be me.
ok but truth hurts shouldn’t be classified as a rap song. if that’s rap, then 7 rings, one of fergie’s hits, or even tik tok by Kesha would be the longest running female rap song of all time. it’s bullshit for a full on pop song to be labeled as rap. periat
Fatal betrayal I guess I do it to myself Gotta watch for the snakes I know I gotta watch my step- AM$
Oh shit it's tonight not tomorrow night?!?!? (Runs around the house looking for charger)
FALSE PROPHET PEDOEFILES POPE CONSTANTINE THE FIRST FALLEN ANGEL LUCIFER!!! http://churchandstate.org.uk/2016/02/catholic-bishops-not-obliged-to-report-clerical-child-abuse-vatican-says/ …
I have no idea what happened there, fill me in on the tea
Hey, public education IS dangerous - constituents could end up being smarter than their representatives
Trials and Tribulations. India and Angelo are in for one bumpy ride. Love can withstand anything..or is Lies and Betrayal the two things that can ruin it? Deep In The Flames Coming Soon.… https://www.instagram.com/p/B3DfHVVjf-A/?igshid=1jz01ferjjnhr …
I stopped smoking, so ain’t shit else to do but get drunk and do it all over again the next day.
I feel exposed. If you look at my music for the last month it’s literally her entire discography...
I did try to sell you off with the first batch but....... I'm more worried this will become a trend of MAGA eating it's own.
how long since you’ve messaged this person? 1. One day ago 2. 30 minuets ago 3. Two hours 4. called him two hours ago 5. I didn’t get the question 6. “”””””””””” 7. I think three month ago 8. One week 9. I don’t have an ex drop an emoji for questions
NOW WATCH ALL OF SUDDEN THE GARBZ TEAM IGGY LOL AMESS. BEFORE THEY SAID SHE DIDN'T WRITE SHE A FLOP, WHITE BITCH THIS THAT. CAME INTO MY CULTURE BS A UTTER MESS WITH SOME UTTER FOOLS. KEEP THE SAME ENERGY
I mean... it's a fact. Can't be a mathematician until you do some maths. Can't be kind until you do kind things. Can't be generous until you do generous things. With loyalty, time/hard moments are the acts themselves. Pure logic, something which VGK fans are clearly lacking.
y'all bitches will do the absolute most for nothing
you ever try to vague tweet about someone but you accidentally say the person's name in the vague tweet without realizing and they see it and you're like
shutting the fuck up cause you know what kinda damage you could cause >>
So I've been in bed sick for the last four days, well enough today to unpack & tidy bedroom a bit. How the hell did I pick up a splinter in my hand?
I mean I was like that but I just hate fire emblem in general
I mean I’m good at it , but I don’t do the fake hair fr fr
And I'll be here watching you dragging the poor guy
THE RUDY KRAKEN HAS BEEN RELEASED...I BET THE EVIL SOCIALIST D-RATS PARTY WILL NOW HAVE HIM TESTIFY BEHIND CLOSED DOORS.. WHAT HE MUST HAVE HAS TO TERRIFY THE EVIL SOCIALIST D-RATS PARTY
nobody: rupaul: drag race is really, at its cOrE, about the TeNaCiTY of the HuMaN SpIRIT
Temp Agency Lady put my resume in for a full-time job today which like yay money but boo the fact I’m gonna feel dead all the time
Man men really be tryna apologize to you these days without flowers, cards, and French macarons. No jewelry. I’m tired of this, what happened to the old school?
Oh yes the #DemocratsAreCorrupt #Prison #JusticeIsComing #TRUMP2020Landside
I worry they're going to succeed and push her over the finish line. A smart person I know who (against my aggressive life coaching advice) watches CNN likes Bernie, but has started saying shit like "she's more electable" because of them.
Fridge broke and new one won't be here until Saturday. Look like the coolers are finally getting used this year
Are you done explaining your whole life to a stranger? now go back to the kitchen you really took my comment about being maid to the heart. You are the one that is retard as fuck. You got soo much time wow.
They still had a little bit before they changed back, so that gave them just enough time to examine the area the attack occurred in. Which, is when he spots . ❝ What on earth. . .? ❞ The bluenette whispered to himself, falling onto a rooftop. Ouch.
You won’t miss much. Over the last 5 years or so it’s become a vastly more overcrowded, noisy, dirty shithole to the point where that outweighs the museums, parks, Broadway shows, and historic sites visitors used to enjoy.
Pets, kids, old folks, it harms them all the same.
It was brutal!! I popped into the primal pop up store, they had some right bargains but sadly all the fatties had beat me to it Are you still an ambassador?
China is the father of the world bridge, foreign netizens have seen crazy spit
Don’t trust the words! Watch their action! I’m tryna tell you, even a fake nigga can preach some real shit!
God it's hard to choose there are so many....... Devil of Caroc (Pillars of Eternity), Christine Royce (Fallout: New Vegas: Dead Money), Vivienne de Fer (Dragon Age: Inquisition) and Eileen the Crow (Bloodborne). Extremely incomplete list of Faves.
The only criminal behavior I see is those trying to overthrow President Trump. STOP!
Correction: It's the most boring, sleep-inducing, nothing-burger headline of the year... except for Captain Epiphany who sees the spectre of  24/7. But at least he makes plenty of $$writing about it in
Agreed. Hyoyeon's songs had a lot of cross over appeal, such a shame she didn't get the budget to market it.
why did 15 have to kill off all the remaining freelancers, now nevada and her stint as a legitimate mercenary working on behalf of simmons' dad can never be shown.
Thank you for wasting my day for the second time this semester
"The Trump Presidential Lie-very" "Executive Time" and Fake News Collections.
These people like this man has a personal agenda against the President and has a bad case of selective hearing cause I never read or heard the President say such a thing.
When u ask non black people why they wanna say the N word so bad they never answer the question
lol remind me to never drink three shots of espresso before college classes again. Shit is off the wall man
Well and some don't, so don't sh*t on them when they don't like the new set.
i lost my virginity to a girl in the middle aged YAYOKAY
What makes people good? -Stopping jihadis killing children & women -Using weapons appropriately to stop Islamist terrorists -NO rape of men, women or children -Following UN law which deems the blockade on Gaza legal -Bombing military installations only. STOP YOUR BLOOD LIBELS
Leaving a classic NY diner. Asked a few swing voters what they think about the impeachment inquiry. They said, fuck yeah!
tell a mass group of ppl arsenic was found in apples we r looking into it, ppl r dying in droves...5 ... in the mean time dont eat them... feeding their kids n shit its in a bunch of stuff..watch how many ppl rush to er. then gov oops there was nothing something else
Montana under a 'winter storm emergency' after record snowstorm blankets the state
You need to get your teammates to all post the same or whatever there feelings are good or bad the administration needs to here it
while absolutely tru, no one wants to hear this. you should get off twitter before it either drives you mad or drives you to extreme opinions on one side or the other (or the only fun option for political twitter other than leaving: becoming a troll)
If true, the entire administration needs to be arrested and jailed. Now. Today.
He said he wanted to SPIT IN THE FACE of a black woman. Who did absolutely NOTHING TO HIM. And he repeated cheated- all while coming of a xanex addiction. He's been arrested for both DUI & domestic battery. So what exactly is it that is so awesome about him Kathy?
Were there "White Kenyan's" involved? MIA for comments ,  &  I'm sure they had a hand in this #RaceHoax, especially since the lying leftist media,      knowing it was suspect, pushed the false race narrative.
The way you’re ranting and being so hateful it’s a wonder anyone wants to be friends with you, let alone have sex. Seek help.
He thinks if he says nothing in a few months tnis will go away! The Pittsburgh corrupt politicians won’t pressure someone who back them!
https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-trump-whistleblower-ukraine-idUSKBN1WD0PK?utm_campaign=trueAnthem%3A+Trending+Content&utm_content=5d8febf3b1a00400017b3307&utm_medium=trueAnthem&utm_source=facebook … What's the matter bunky? Why so serious?
I’m going to have to put a warning at the start. THAT’s how scary it is.
... Accidents, crimes, natural and man-made disasters, threats of conflict, gloomy editorials - these still seemed to be the main concern of the MILLIONS OF WORDS BEING SPRAYED INTO THE ETHER" Emphasis mine
You completely ignore the impact of capitalism on this phenomenon... guess what makes more $$$for the people in power: making everyone work.
She lied. You want to know how. She changed her ethnicity back to white years before she took the DNA test.
"Anyone who says Black people can be racist deserves to be put in a hospital." This term itself is racist. The irony.
MRS Smith...or SALT. So i spent the day as  because im obsessed the wig and eye contacts are off BUT shit happens. Created using the  x  palette and morphe concealers
I see that you’re hating the player when you really should be hating the game.
Disagree. Political correctness is ruining...well everything. And if the left wants to have any sort of political power, they need to dial back or drop it.
Sweetest route runner in the NFL? Did Davante Adams die or something?
All I know is .... It’s time to pay the Barr tab The EVIL democrats that set all this up against Trump will be exposed. The “ insurance policy “ failed and Durham will be doing the clean up.
I found another animal rapist on the TL and now i’m reminded why it’s time for another mass extinction
35. “... here live Pygmies at most 4 feet tall who are like those called Skræling (Norse word) in #Greenland” - #Thule “Homers Iliad describes this tribe beset by cranes in a terrible & violent war between large & deadly cranes and the valiant & courageous pygmies....”
You are just investigating this now? And why aren't you fixing the spawns that have disappeared in most everyone's local area? I have literally lost 75-80% of the spawn in my neighborhood of 10,000 people. So it's now a huge waste of time for me to try to catch pokemon.
Now it seems you involved Australian gov in your fake investergation. No wonder you gave morriscum the party he got because he agreed. Fake president fake PM
My roommate in college called me out for having a $1.50 London Calling wallpaper on my flip phone despite not owning the record and I've felt like a fraud for the last 14 years. Guessing this guy is never getting up from that knockout.
Adam Schiff seems to be the leader of the rebellion to frame President Trump with false allegations of a crime that doesn’t exist...it exist only in his hateful diseased mind.
White mothers really are the 9ne hey. Imagine me asking my mother to take such pics of me she's hit me with "IS JY UITGELAAT " then actually hit me :/
i sent my old fourth grade teacher an email last night telling her my struggles with getting back into school and developing ocd. i told her how much of an impact she’s had on me and will have on her students in the future. i’m nervous to see if she’s replied yet.
No, they would not be in the Trump orbit in the first place. #ETTD
i’m the opposite cause my friends hate my trap music
Glen the disgrace Democrat. Works for a low-class so-called fake New. This network is lower than well s***.
 Question from a retired Federal lawyer: Why the Hell are we paying you? Resign now. #waste #loser #DeathByTrump
I’ve already had my radio career in SA. #1 shows, a Super Bowl, Spurs road playoff trips etc. Now I own my own show and talk about the rights and wrongs of Texas, the country we live in and sports. I never played in the NBA. I never ran for office but I know when something sucks.
 has this extra dead eyed, blank look in his eyes in his recent videos and its creeping me the fuck out
Sorry hearing your Lil lying leftie bubble burst but uh How does anything in that tweet reflect anything in this BIG OL post of yours? All the work you did to tweet this= nada
We don't need a remake of Snow White, we need a Power Rangers movie where Cordelia Chase is Zordon and all the rangers are Bitchy High School Girls from movies about teenagers written by middle-aged white men.
The point of no return. https://youtu.be/2v8YragSIuI
Also a new book by jacinda “How to work 19 hours a week and holiday in the islands every month” The art of the steal
We no longer have a functioning government Fernand. The entire goddamned cabinet is corrupt & functions to serve trump and his ego and the GOP in Congress refuse to act. We are already in serious danger.
Shouldn’t the builder whose trucks ruined Nashua Road pay for some of this? That road is a disaster and more houses get sold.
Interesting how they show the hit on Allen but not Burfict. That's because it's so obvious that it's no where near on the same level. Allen hit was straight up a murder hit. There should be an up roar to make a point that everyone should have same treatment.
And he came close to it with the judicial. The damage he did there will last for a generation.
I've been wondering recently if my more public agitations against Big Tech has resulted in a strange deluge of job offers from the usual suspects.
Feel the fear and do it anyway. Next is the subtle art of not giving a f€$k
EARTH TO MAIN STREAM MEDIA; the origins of the Russia collusion hoax is and has been under investigation, and will continue to be investigated. Wake the hell up.
Loser looking for attention. I notice the most vile tweets to me come from those with 0-10 followers.
I finally earn 45 rubies and got do a 10 Fire from the pipe... I ALREADY HAD ALL 10 ITEMS. To add insult to injury they gave me 2 Bowser, 2 Daisy, and 2 Shy Guy! WTF! #MarioKartTour
Little known fact: every time Lou Dobbs defends Trump, the devil makes his hair slightly more bronze.
How bad is it really? How long has he/she been the mayor? Is he/she still unwilling to change the policy despite the outpouring of malcontent from the community?
Oh Lord, no. Run the video and you see it was a light slap on the back of the head. And you'll also see Gutierrez move on from Fernandez to drop a shoulder into Blanco. How this guy didn't get sent off is a mystery. #rctid
Anti Trumper who continues to spin things to suit the Liberal agenda. It's a shame that this is presented as truth.
Yikes. Somehow I want to disagree and yet I can’t entirely disagree here? The page definitely gives off that vibe at times.
Whatever jus click the damn link in my bio for my new blog post titled Stop Allowing Trash Sex & Complaining Later
I got the DQ11 on Friday and have 40 hours in already :(
There is no limit to the foetid stink these maggots won’t roll in if they think there’s a buck in it.
Now let's do SOMETHING to avoid the 1300 deaths "per day" that regular cigarettes cause in this country!
I was at the doctor’s like 2 hours ago and I had to get tested ???????? just in case I have strep (I didn’t ) and the doctor just shoved a longass cotton swab down my throat for less than a second and my gag reflex is still having a seizure, I would be really bad at uh... stuff
You said he was against buyback. You also said he supports the NRA. Both lies.
My assumption has always been the real objective is a no deal exit. Talk of a deal was just distraction. The Cummings plan is a GE just before a no deal exit. Can't happen before 31st Oct any more so Boris needs an extension but has to look like it was forced on him.
Dontcha just love seeing people you know on the news for some dumb shit
New prosecutor lists charges in calendar call, then proceeds to explain what may or may not be in "confession" that is NOT in any discovery. States hearsay as fact in court record. Influencing the judge and by passing motion hearing.
If anyone had a right to protection under that law, it’s brother Botham, not the woman who killed him in his own home. Infuriated to read this.
I grew up watching my mom doing the impossible, so weak females is unacceptable to me
Where the hell is law enforcement! Pardon my French.
Make no mistake Morrison is a suck hole to power & money He has form & will easily go down the rotten toad if he gains A dangerous sociopath same as Trump
The Board, you know we can’t blame the “club legend”.
I don’t like no nigga talking sexually to me unless you’re my man. That shit is uncomfortable, niggas be having the audacity
Don’t mind me just in a depressive episode that’s paralyzing my work ethic and remembering the first time I ever had a blizzard from DQ (2 years ago) and getting irrationally upset because I couldn’t understand why they turned it upside down before handing it to me
Why is the cheese never melted for vegan burgers? Shit look fake
Oh hey. What do you think- is it going to get weird and preachy about the 1%?
I go with you. But time is running out so current situation is against Modi. Same time choice of others is too worst situation is the reality..
They opted in because the alternative is death. You either work for them or die. Youre not paid based upon your value of labor, otherwise, the employer wouldn't be making a profit. Thats a contradiction. "increasing your skill" doesnt mean anything if youre not being paid in full
Hell yeah! Don’t be like KW. Release that! Not only do we need it. Music as a whole needs the vibes!!!
Both are bad. Can't say one is worse than the other lol
You know I don't mean to be such an asshole sometimes but this shit is really getting on my nerves. I don't know if I'm an autism magnet because I talk about shit like video games or what but I am not a friendly or talkative person, sometimes I want to be left the fuck alone
Tell me, how did Trump break RICO. So far I just get, he's worse than the Mafia from everyone. It's almost as if this is what the media is telling everyone
#Obama: If the people of the U.K. vote to exit the European Union they'll have to move to the back of the Que when it comes to trade deals. Threat of Extortion & Election Interference..... But he's a #Democrat so it's OK....
The 'Lame Excuses' From Trump Aides And Allies | Morning Joe | MSNBC https://youtu.be/-lOYTkBre9k via
twitter wont allow me to see the attached tweet can u resend
Twitter treadstone update : #Treadstone has enough fight scenes to keep you on the edge of your seat. #treadstone #hanhyojoo #한효주 #韓孝周 #ハンヒョジュ #ฮันฮโยจู #hyojoo #hyojoohan #hanhyojoo222 #usanetwork #jasonbourne
Why is it that the average person is right about a graveyard?
I dont doubt it, but all that really shows is how little cons actually care about addressing the sexual assault issues in this fandom. From pedophiles all the way down to people getting groped at dances. At some point ignoring it becomes accepting it.
Levin: Jerrold Nadler has now ‘perverted the impeachment process’ in his war against Trump https://thenationalsentinel.com/2019/09/13/levin-jerrold-nadler-has-now-perverted-the-impeachment-process-in-his-war-against-trump/ …
No we don't lol. The media lying more than democrats now, oh that's right they are married to the democrat party.
1. Would definitely be if they go unconscious in combat. 2. Maybe at the whim of the DM? Roll a D100 and see if there's a shift, then roll a D8 (8 classes) to see which personality takes over? #dungeonsanddragons #ttrpg
WHEN U HAVE PEOPLE IN GOV., FRIENDS WITH WHITEY BULGERS & FAMILY! HIS BROTHER WAS A DEM SENATOR IN MASS. THE MAFIA IS ALIVE AND WELL? WHAT SAY YOU JOE BIDEN? JOHN KERRY? ETC PS KINDA ODD BULGER AND EPSTEIN BOTH KILLED IN PRISON? PPS WHO WORKED ON THE BULGER CASE?M?LMAO
No thanks, I’d rather pick up poop. You stole $900 from my taxes and gave it to the rich for your tax scam. And you tried to take away our healthcare. SHAME ON YOU!!! DITCH MITCH!!! DITCH MITCH!!! DITCH MITCH!!!
I would argue in the Sun/Province case that the overlap comes from the shared staff and overlapping content than readership. When the stories, for the most part, end up in both print and website under both banners so you're not necessarily reaching different audiences anymore.
She might wanna take another look at that 401k! Mine was done 15g’s s month ago. Im afraid to look since the market took another post trump crime nose dive
trump needs to be in prison with the worst criminals for the rest of his miserable life.
Did you make up attacks on  again? Or show them the disgusting ads where you attacked him personally?
The TORTURE of elephants in the entertainment industry is well documented. Educate yourself next time before you make a mockery of an animal's suffering.  Agatha ANIMAL ABUSER and her entire following are shameful mindless DRONES.
(Of course that's just my opinion - no idea what the CPC position is on AI disruption.)
Did you see where he just cut all of his hair off? Steve “the hair” Harrington is no more and I am sad.
Problem is they all work in the same percent range, and ones like ftilt upair are tight windows. Then i end up taking most stocks with back air. Which isn’t a BAD THING, her identity is that she can dominate neutral, rack up percent, and then struggle to kill. But she just...
My manager at beautylish would shamelessly follow people into the bathroom and sit in the stall next to you until you left then proceed to “call you to the side” in front of everyone to ask why you took 8mins instead of 5
also there is just no way to describe the fourth-dimensionality of scent information or the, the movement-of-air-currents element that all scent presence has without sounding like a weirdo and it's so frustrating, for me,
 A foreign spy??? Your such a hypocrite! So I guess Obama is too for the shady shit he did right? No you’ll defend him. Your a scum bag for spouting your political garbage on a sports show
UPDATE 9/30 7:15 p.m. ET: Representatives for Stacey Dash released a statement on her behalf on Monday, September 30, asserting that Pasco County Sheriff’s deputies arrested the actress “as a formality,” that no charges were pressed by her husband
The packers aint win yet, an u picked the Cowboys to win the division. That will be a wrong opinion too
It’s treasonous just to call the president of America a traitor while claiming you have the proof or have seen the truth He is now well beyond the pale
Amen. These rich bastards are going to see they can’t do anything they want with our country!!! The people are taking it back!!!
oof. my second-hand embarrassment but at the same time she's horrible so.
Nah, music will make it seem lively. Even the caves sometimes have an eerie sound effect. But this is the nether, which is completely different from the overworld. Plus no music at all intensifies the creep factor
Who Will Hong Seok Pick as Pentagon’s Scapegoat? [Immortal Songs Ep 400] PENTAGON EXO-CBX ONF MXM Golden Child THE BOYZ TARGET Stray Kids ATEEZ VERIVERY ONEUS MustB TREI TXT TREASURE13 ONEWE AB6IX 1THE9 https://is.gd/qKYfzF
The little guy has to do all the fighting. The zealots get to fly around in private jets, or sail around in private yachts
Yes. He did not have a clue!! Such a stupid potatoe... the republicians should bring home up on charges for this
Also I appear to have lost the ability to sleep an entire night. Which is really threatening my job. Already been written up for dozing off at my desk. I take caffeine pills every work day -- more than I should.
I hate when someone brings up my ex bro if you see I ain’t talking bout him no more until y’all bring him up then obviously he’s not in the picture
Yeah, but it was because they couldn't bear to use the words 'intercourse' or 'fellatio' in court until we had to define what "sexual relations" meant, as that was the crux of perjury- whether he intentionally lied in a juried case or not.
It's too bad they didn't include the Capcom version.
Chiefs had every reason to lose the game and would have in years past. Finding a way to pull out a W vs a physical opponent on the road gives them an A.
Attack on Titan, Fullmetal Alchemist Brotherhood, Berserk, The flowers of Evil (manga) and the First half of Death note.
How many people oppose the President in Congress right now Chuck? Seriously, how many? 300?
Can we suspend Pearl Jam, and Nirvana for the rest of the season?
I’m just saying, I’d rock the hell out of a  #93 jersey if I could find one. In 2XL - Blue. Just sayin. #KeepPounding
I'm thinking of making a #DnD character that has multiple personalities - each personality is a different class (same stats across the board). What I'm stuck on is what triggers the personality shift.
You're very nice and fuck anyone whose making you feel this way. You do whatever you gotta do for yourself. The negative people can go fuck themselves. (Sorry if I'm too aggressive)
Oh, so you've moved to the US? I may have missed a few of your recent videos if you've talked about it.
There are serious questions being asked in Italy and European countries about the current closeness the Italian Government has with Russia. There is an investigation in to Russian money and the Populist government.
Rocket burn IS divided into two, or even three parts. When Starship reaches LEO it's tanks are empty. You refill it and reuse it. After TMI it's tanks are empty, but the whole thing is already flying to Mars. You can't stop it or cut it. When it lands on Mars you refill it ...
Most con vendors do that lol. Not that it's right again, but this is just in bad taste. I'm more more annoyed by people defending them than what they did to be honest. It shows the hypocrisy of 'nerd culture' or whatever the fuck. Usually we're always up to bat for fan creation..
Agreed. Only fascists seek to overturn the results of two democratic votes simply because they don't like the result.
Girls’ Generation 소녀시대 ‘비주얼 드림 (POP! POP!)’ MV Teaser PENTAGON EXO-CBX ONF MXM Golden Child THE BOYZ TARGET Stray Kids ATEEZ VERIVERY ONEUS MustB TREI TXT TREASURE13 ONEWE AB6IX 1THE9 https://is.gd/WsPs4N
If they’re not gonna spend their money or change their lifestyles, it just comes off as hypocritical, so of course people are going to be pissed and take the message less seriously
Me wondering why Chalyse ain’t answering my phone call after I been ignoring her over the weekend.
i am TRYING to listen be in sad kpop hours and this is the THIRD sad kpop playlist that has played DIMPLE?!?!? i’m trying to get in my feels not remember the fifth muster and fall over??? #PCAs #TheConcertTour #LoveYourselfSpeakYouself
was walking down the street saw a hot girl getting robbed by 5 men i beat them all up she asked to suck my dick i said no
I feel like there should be whistleblower reports filed every day, in nearly every division of the federal government, outlining waste.
 your senate majority leader  is awol on the Ukraine witch hunt... who are the Republican senators supporting  other than  ? We are watching.
just because you bounced or are out of the map and its a "hArD sPot tO dO" does not mean OKAY IMA360 THEN AIM IN AND IT'LL MAKE IT SICK! no, that just means you were too lazy and weak minded to go for an actual good shot while being in a hard to get to spot/doing a "hard" bounce.
I had to google it. I swear I scrolled past the photo on the right thinking it was Nicki Minaj.
And you know he will blame that failure on the EU’s intransigence and on “the remainer Parliament”. He is just SO transparent. And yet MILLIONS of people still can’t see through him.
... if even half the stories are true about Clinton, never mind, a quarter of the stories are true, you know she had him killed, he would’ve beat her no contest. Conspiracy theorist claims Hillary Clinton 'murdered' JFK Jr in 1999 http://dailym.ai/1qJr8oz
The tide literally split. I was just getting into astrology but that shit made me a believer
(I shouldn't say "all of the fears" — a lot of the fears. "What if POTUS made the order and it wasn't executed in time" was also a fear. Our system is optimized for rapid Presidential decision-making and order execution + "nobody but POTUS makes that call.")
Disgusting #AntifaTerrorists not respecting the elderly. They are just cowards behind a mask and don’t even know what they’re fighting against. #ignorance #AntifaScum #Liberals #newbrownshirtsantifa
Why do you make it so awkward and not help them take off the mask?
The highest overall grade for week 4 goes to Philip Rivers. He posted an INSANE 95.7 grade. Rivers could do no wrong, owning an adjusted completion percentage of 82.8% (7th). He also posted a 151.0 passer rating when hurried, going 6-8 for 90 yards and 2 TD while under pressure.
one last thing... I listened to tons of uplifitng things on youtube. I applied the 24hr rule. If i needed a day to just be sad, I gave myself that. Made sure to make it the saddest day ever, wallowed in it. Then put 100% effort into trying my best for the rest of the week.
no they aren't the minority. this is what the liberal side has become.
Yep. "During the investigation of the girl's accusations, security camera video showed where people were at the time of the alleged attack, the family's attorney said, and it became clear the girl's account could not be true based on the day and time she said it happened."
Tfw you try to close the elevator door ASAP and then someone else gets in who holds the door open for a bunch of other people who add stops on other floors smh
Was laying around in the grass unamoused with all of the chaos that he was aware has not disappeared
Ellen G White really cut into the meat industry's PROPHET-MARGARINES
Trump is a treasonous traitor! He’s treated the American people with contempt! He’s sh*ting bricks now because he’s been found out! #DerangedDonald
The entire first half of the show was devoted to , the first 8 segments on Weekend Update w/  were entirely about  & the music act SUCKED! Colin Jost is by far the worst head writer  ever had, & #SNL had !
Wowwza! The rabbit hole goes deep into the bowels of hell!
Imagine your face, say hello to me, then all the bad days, they're nothing to me, with you [ #ARMYSelcaDay #ARSD]
I wonder, is there anyone out there who has never been sick? Like with the flu, cold, strep, etc?
Bret Victor: A brief rant on the future of interaction design (2011) https://tmblr.co/Zniway2l8to_7
You know what gets looked over in the great babymama/babydaddy debate? The moms are not getting pregnant by random niggas. Why would you fuck somebody for 6 years and wait until they're 11 weeks pregnant to say you dont want kids?
 read this or have your son read it to you. You have done your best to hide the TRUTH from the American People. No more. We can read. Stop lying. Game Over. https://www-m.cnn.com/2019/09/26/politics/read-whistleblower-complaint-trump-ukraine/index.html …
For all of the people freaking out about Trump’s tweet about impeachment causing a civil war- like year in the country need to listen to  podcast from today. Very good insight.
Besides the point. I didn't say what the reason was. Rashford was also injured, but no one will mention that to excuse Rashford.
Coach, you need to move on, get ready for the next game, there’s no crying in football
 hey  I DOUBT ANYONE IN THIS WORLD WOULD DARE TO BEAT THE SH*T OUTTA YOU. OH WAIT, THIS IS CCP !!! #GoodMourningCCP #FightForFreedom #StandwithHonKong #HKPoliceTerrorism #HKTerroristsForce !!!! #十一國殤 我 #賀你老母 呀 殺完人幾時出黎填命呀？
STOP SAYING WE WONT GET CONTENT BC THE CEREMONY IS OVER YALL THERES A WHOLE ASS RECEPTION AND RORY WAS THERE AND THERE WILL BE PROFESSIONAL PHOTOS COMING BACK THEY JUST NEED TO GET PROCESSED... WE WILL GET PHOTOS
Sou obrigado em acreditar no conceito de Self defeituoso pois eu conheço uma pessoa chamada eu.
I’m a Wizkid Fan but that doesn’t mean we shouldn’t criticize his music. Burna Boy is on the verge of immortalizing himself and wizkid is still singing mini wini manamana
The issue with this, sadly, is the campaign announcement should have been enough.
This is outrageous. There are black people wandering the streets in daylight going un-shot. These cops should be strung up.
Frame gets the KILL Set is tied at #GoCats #PointNorthview #NVVB #Numbers
Imagine you were born in the third world and spent your whole life in starvation and poverty. According to the atheist worldview, you are merely destined for death.
 stated he was on the investigation to stop his client from being framed while asking for information on Joe Biden when Trump wasn't being investigated at all with connection to Ukraine. Rudy is a fucking idiot.
I guess but if they’re only sex positions then does the top in a wlw relationship just never cum lmao
Exactly!!......Let the President do his Job!!.....Drain the filthy, evil, lying Democrat Sewer!!.......God Bless Trump 2020!.....Go America!!......Please retweet!
Keep shining light on the frauds and criminals! Thank you
2.3 million people are crammed into the humid, disgusting sh!thole that is Houston. Okc- no traffic, no stupid marijuana laws, no alcohol restrictions, not nearly as many dumba$$people, no lines at any restaraunt . I’ve lived in both places; Houston is trash. Good riddance
Behold the endless abyss, within lies the heart of all worlds. KINGDOM HEARTS!
Clamp that whisk in the cordless drill and give'er shit!
Exclusive–Paul Gosar: ‘What’s the Difference’ Between Hunter Biden and College Admissions Bribery Scandal? http://bit.ly/2mnJBdW via
Waitwaitwait. I thought Barr was super shocked & angry that Trump lumped him in with Rudy during the Ukraine call, talking about him as if he too was Trump's personal fixer. Aaaaaand...he was working as Trump's personal fixer. Last week.
Man WWE is trying to get me to turn off before the damned show even starts. Hogan on the show.
He'll be breaking windows and pissing on the carpets.
The people of the land you are talking about no longer follow the beliefs or even remember their ancient civilization. Because certainly after 6th century A.D they were invaded by armies of a warlord (self proclaimed prophet) who forced them to join the cult.
Getting ready to watch 9-1-1. I can’t wait for the slight anxiety as I watch the tsunami wreak havoc.
Being a criminal is not a choice either so all murderers should now go free because of their criminal acts? Name- calling will not slow me down. I am not against legal immigration, and you are just grasping at straws and changing the topic now.
Who the hell is just supposed to know you’re a professor, and who the hell cares?
At least billie eilish used her platform to spread the message, but her and other people who are worth millions or billions of dollars, NEED to use what they have if they’re gonna try to tell other people what to do when it comes to the climate crisis
This man went from bastard to heir to the 7 kingdoms for no reason. I don't wanna see his fockin face
Trump's attorneys argue that Democrats don’t have the right to sue the executive branch to enforce a subpoena for his tax returns https://bloom.bg/2nZGcCJ
Pick one? Roids , illegal drivers, can he/she putt, fast grids . I’d rather pick “fast grids “ to be hated by Facebook and a few “golf” journalists that have little affect on the purse.
Why collision and concussion are the twin dangers of sports https://bloom.bg/2n4tfHL
Collision on SR 509 NB at milepost 2.35 near Port Of Tacoma Rd beginning at 4:51 pm on September 30, 2019 until further notice. The left lane is blocked.
girl i feel, but something told me let it be and girl let me just tell you, ppl got what they deserved in the worst way possible and i’m here living for it
Corrupt or not, extortion is extortion. A man kills a pedophile, yeah everyone might be happy to get a pedo off the streets, but the man still goes away for murder. Corrupt or not, the way Biden handled it was illegal. Your blatant hypocrisy is an abuse of reality.
ANOTHER DEM SOCIALIST 3rd WORLD SHITHOLE: San Francisco residents put boulders on the sidewalk to block homeless encampments. The rocks are getting removed after residents received death threats. https://www.businessinsider.com/san-francisco-boulders-block-homeless-tents-2019-9?utmSource=twitter&utmContent=referral&utmTerm=topbar&referrer=twitter … via
We’ll forget the sun in his jealous sky as we lie in fields of gold
It’s not a problem with the procedures. The problem is With the dumb ass people who act upon them with stupid ideas and no brains
Complaining to customer support is useless, because theyre just the guys on the phone, not the guys who actually make the product. Do I understand you correctly?
everybody else in the thread is posting real life, traumatizing experiences & then here’s this guy like “sHe ToOk aNoThER dUdE tO prOm iN 11th GraDe”
Limited liability is a structure of contract and its accompanying legal backing. Neither  nor any Objectivist advocates abolition of government. The only contact government ought have in business is adjudicating disputes in contract language.
u gon stop being so good?the answer is no so my answer is no
Sorry #NYT but “We the people” want to know, what the hell what went on in 2016. Question is why doesn’t the NYT want to know origins of Russia collusion fake news. #FakeWhistleblower #FailingNYT
He asked about crowdstrike and the ties to the 16 election first. Then they talked about the firing of the Ukrainian prosecuter which then tied to the Biden scandal. We have a treaty with them to talk about just these things. Where's the quid pro?
Sick people where are the police sworn to serve & Protect!!
No and you know that’s another huge lie. I hate liars. Maybe they took it at the DNC
i really don’t mean to be dramatic but the  does not understand how good this gentleman is.
Stop the effin bleeding and get it out of the news. The President does not deserve this. A trial isn't going to the Library. Use your head. The Dems want the theater. Don't give it to them. Plenty of ways to expose the facts.
Never forget Dee ford’s offsides penalty sent the Pats to the superbowl
In my maddening run he died on turn 2. I heard if he gets in range of Miklan's archers, theyll.shoot him and it triggers the entire army to charge at you like they do if one of the archers gets you. So it is best for gilbert to die lol
Eric Browns fans have grandad that were Browns fans. My dad from Atlanta the Falcons didn't exist when he was a kid let alone my grandad.
Y’all dumb if y’all believed that shit. - Sorry, but the Beyoncé, Adele & Coldplay collab isn't happening
You forgot the Russia part. The British surely want to destroy the CIA and clense the Russians.
I for real am suffering from baby fever but I’m not about that baby life quite yet. I need some more travels with me and the fella
All the hype for madara just for him to show up to execute the world's stupidest villainous plot. Still love him though
I draw the line at offering to Tonya Harding you, sorry
 I’m really vibing with that Doin the most. Keep that hot shit coming and do yo shit baby boy
I’m not sure Bernie will be vertical by the election..... krypt keeper walking
Seriously though. Someone who’s down for the cause please educate me on the goal, targets, strategies of the coming civil war. Do I gotta start buying two jugs of simply lemonade instead of one? I really need the Whole Foods to stay open...
If you come to juniper to workout and your with a group of 15 - 20 people. Don’t fucking form a circle ON the TRACK and start a group meeting / stretching session. Holy shit all that brain power going to waste
Really? Leave the kid alone, anyone can be a Star Wars fan!
I hate when ppl have stank breath and the nerve to wanna y’all a lot
Me: fails one evals cuz I didn't study and I also didn't sleep what the hell Also me: time to drop out
Unlimited demand bro - you don't have to sell the product when it sells itself
I’m not telling myself anything to “get through the night” as it pertains to your tweet. You put this out there - it’s a dumb take. Defend it if you like, or not - I really don’t care.
#LosAngeles #Hollywood (Afghanistan braces for militant attacks as polling centres open) Afghans are bracing for more deadly violence on Saturday as voting gets under way in the long-delayed legislative election that the... http://streetculture.life/afghanistan-braces-for-militant-attacks-as-polling-centres-open/ …
No, you are the captain and this is your shrine. #beaches
lab instructor caught me scrolling through twitter leave me the fuck alone
Exclusive–Paul Gosar: ‘What’s the Difference’ Between Hunter Biden and College Admissions Bribery Scandal? https://www.breitbart.com/politics/2019/09/30/exclusive-paul-gosar-whats-the-difference-between-hunter-biden-and-college-admissions-bribery-scandal/ …
just watched the dna mv after a long time n just burst out crying imagine if i never came across that video wow my life would have been boRING N SAD
Tell me again how Twitter isn’t biased? This girl has said nothing bad, gone.  poses with a severed head of the potus and nothing happens.
NOOOOO I refused to do the freezer. I hate the cold, man. I moved to Texas to get out of it lol.
Rendering white fabric is so pleasing but annoying at the same damn time
296 days between wgu goodbye stage and the first we boom teaser
No direct sunlight? No problem! Here are 15 vegetables you can grow in the shade – http://NaturalNews.com https://www.naturalnews.com/2019-09-19-15-vegetables-you-can-grow-in-the-shade.html …
don’t mind me i’m just about to enter the isolation station phase of my life
Like I said why don't you do the job you were elected for and help Ct no one believes your lies. You can tweet every 5 minutes but you still committed a crime when you threatened to hold back money to another ckuntry By the way its not your money it is the taxpayer citizens money
Spot on - creepy programmed zombie for the NW0 U*N agenda 21/2030 they keep pushing not so sweet Sustainable Developnot
We discuss the last four Opeth albums, so basically buckle up and get ready for some complaints in this week's episode: https://anchor.fm/caesura/episodes/The-Opeth-Conundrum-e5mt5p …
LIVE ON AIR #NowPlaying Eyeshadow 2600 FM Intermission From Hell - Part 2 EP The Dead of Night  Visit http://eyeshadow2600fm.bandcamp.com MUSIC IS OUR PASSION !!
The law was not changed, secretly or otherwise. The office of the IG just issued a statement debunking this conspiracy theory today( what is wrong with you guys and conspiracy theories). The whistleblower law was not changed at all since 2010. For fuck’s sake.
"Yeah, sorry for not making myself clear, I'm Neptune, by the way."
Fire them all! Shut down the CIA & FBI. Start over from scratch!
I’m not defending the hit but that’s the first time he’s ever done anything like that. Burfict is a repeat offender. The josh Allen hit was not lead with the crown of the helmet. It was a terrible attempt at a tackle and you could see he tried to turn his head before (1/2)
Things seem wrong when they are out of the realm of what we consider normal. Perspective is everything.
Nothing was better than working there and breaking the cookies so i could take them home at night
RIP Jessye Norman. An incredible voice that will be missed from the world #JessyeNorman
If these niggas dont get the fuck outta my gym ima lose it
i think this the only tweet of urs i’m not gonna like
aight it’s the time of the year bitches be goin through something
 fix your fucking servers you fucking stupid ass. You can flex all you want but fix the fucking servers cause no one cares about your flexing ass.
hello who in the chicago area does editorial makeup ? i need someone for my shoot !
No nau not a dog. She will be interviewed on stage on the final day. She is still a finalist no matter what
They aren't selling as well as the media would have you believe. After humming & hawing all through the pre order period, on an impulse I went online with Best Buy the night before the release and was able to do in store pickup the next day no problem (12 Pro MAX 512 Space Grey)
Onlyfans & snapchat are the new pimps of you silly ads bitches #stepyogameup
| #MLS | The NPSL Disciplinary Committee has docked one point from Milwaukee Torrent in the Members Cup standings, due to violation of a stadium ban on September 21. https://ift.tt/2n4tenb
Media reports are wrong. METI says that certain amounts of controlled hydrogen fluoride have been exported to the ROK.
Nothing like slappin’ the “must be racism” line around. Are you aware that there are NBA players that do not think college athletes should be paid? As well as countless others who are not white who take the other side of the argument.
ID the mike, lead block FB. Who doesn’t even attempt to block.  I wonder if these terrible blocking attempts even get looked at. Embarrassing.
Don’t swear. You’ll have to put a dollar in the swear jar.
And I’m talkin off the grill shrimp bun if dat fake shit
In their terror, they do not mind ripping the country apart During his 2nd tern  's mission should be to shatter the IC into a million pieces. Of course the Dems would have already destroyed themselves.....no way can they survive this dangerous non-productive BS.
The foreign exchange student wrote boobies as “bobbies” and I lost my shit
it broke records before it had online too and their latest game red dead redemption 2 is way more revered for his single player than for its MP not the kind of game where you skip the campaign and go straight to MP, is it?
Ordered the 5 new terrible towels on the  site now I need to get the  official one and signed and I’ll have the complete collection until they come out with new ones! #HereWeGo #Steelers #TerribleTowel
 how in the hell are there any Joey Votto haters? Top 5 MLB for a decade buried in    insane.
// ISJRTN DM MIRACULOUS LADYBUG IS PLAYING IN THE BACKGROUND AND I ACCIDENTALLY QUOTED CHLOE
Can the Liberal party just hurry up and back stab Scott Morrison now
#2k20 we need some answers because this new update messed the game up for real.
The only way to guarantee no deal is to revoke... Unless we do that, as you say, the default position is no deal.
Schiff flat-out lied into the Congressional record; the "whistleblower" acted on rumor.
if you think the root cause of trump's rise to power is white male supremacy & not exploitation of white working class economic insecurity caused by decades of neoliberal policies resulting in stagnant median wages then you have learned nothing from 2016 & i feel bad for you
Vote for the king  not a single person in the valley is stopping this kid
Y’all are literally out here SCREAMING about a hit that wasn’t as bad as ppl thought from a Patriots player... BUT IGNORING THAT A RAVENS PLAYER WAS STRAIGHT UP CHOKING A DUDE ON THE FIELD IN THE MIDDLE OF A GAME AND A BUCS OL LITERALLY LAUNCHED HIMSELF AT MARCUS PETERS HEAD
the unfortunate reality I am coming to face which is I actually prefer roselia to afterglow
Scary when you put it into the world view. We have our butts in the air and no allies covering it.
How about chronic bone #cancer #pain, any suggestions? Those suffering are only interested in managing the pain...
the good doctor is gonna be the death of me. holy shit.
Hell of a buzz! I could eat the house right now lol
The ILLEGAL debate is over. Warren has endorsed AMNESTY for all.
No shit? Wouldn’t have guessed it. I mean, someone who refers the African Americans as nothing but “the blacks” can’t be that bad right?
I want to see her with isiah or Jason brown, Jax, or Rob Piper THOSE are the goats shit or even homemade IT like the ones with Louie
The Great and Mighty Warlock edgelordily summons Poisoning Mask (using a 6th level spell slot) within 10 feet of an enemy Druid!
Damn this album was ridiculous. 20 years goes by way too fast but the music never gets old.  #HipHopMusic #RR
i.... forgot that it meant more than one thing also... maybe not the best choice of words on my part
Well, unless that’s what is actually going on—in which case it’s rather worse than any of the writers envisioned.
This subtraction alone might push Miami to the playoffs
I was always taught the only thing allowed at Mass was your butt in the pew. You leave EVERYTHING else at home.
this cycle of letting people off in exchange for resignation needs to STOP. shouldn't have happened with agnew/nixon & if trump walks too it will solidify the message that you can do whatever you want in a position of power & get away w/ it so long as you just resign. fuck that.
How about a story on all the atheists who died without asking for this at the last minute because this looks like the spotlight fallacy to me.
Exactly how confused are you? You provided the transcript of the phone call. American citizens are not buying your crap. Your going down.
Republican Party is dead. Replaced by Trumpism. You were part of the problem. You grew a spine after you left the senate. Go away. You are not part/nor do you have the solution.
That indeed says cancer The hypochondriac in me is having trouble ignoring this piece of paper
And yet the demonuts bitch and moan about it and yet what do they propose? NADA... why because they can use it as a way to get their cult riled up. All bark..no bite. Trump on the other hand is trying, in spite of the entrenched bureaucracy.
you're a rotten liar tim given that the leader of your party literally just pledged that she will refuse to give your party's votes to bring down the govt. this is on you and you should either resign the whip or shut up about claiming to oppose no deal
U sure are besides accordingly to the fascist dems we are mentally deranged
Good point! All this chaos, all the cacophony of noise is because they are panicking. Pelosi knows she's going to lose the House. That's how bad she knows it's going to be - and that's how far she's willing to roll the dice to prevent it from habbening.
/eyeroll way to ignore the topic and endorse harassment
is there a political implication of the joker? if there is, its one of those things thats said once , then from then on whenever its mentioned after, its asumed everyone knows.... i missed it
Will Doug talk about why elite level Athletic directors and coaches are some of the highest paid state employees? No
"Mississippi police went to the wrong address on a warrant. They killed the man inside, Ismael Lopez, who was in the U.S. illegally. The city says it's not liable. It claims the 14th Amendment that offers equal protection under the law doesn't appl… "
TW and then people cry about mental health and are surprised about men s rare being so high when they are under toxic social pressure and being made a predator even without any basics all the time
if we can sequence a genome we can recreate all the functions of a brain from scratch? Possible but idk personally
I was in the library for not even 5 minutes and got a damn ticket.
it hurts. seeing namjoon had to go through that fucking shit. no wonder he was insecure. all the fucking hate he has gotten, the shit he has to go through as the fucking leader.
The level of brainwashing these people are perpetrating against the most vulnerable is disgusting. This isn't right...it's pathetic! We need our boys to become men! #EnoughIsEnough
The House of TROJAN HORSES is Imploding. The House of Cards is Collapsing. All great, Except the TROJANS still have their hands on our Nation's Controls. Still High Level Clear Present Danger & Threat to Nation & World. GOP Reps/Sntrs NOT Complicit or KOMPROMAT must RISE UP Agnst
I put ice in my metal water bottle and walk around the quiet library floor just because I like chaos
The Process neglected to include uncovered gunners! To think a coaching blunder of this magnitude may have cost us a game. Can’t believe somebody on the field didn’t call a TO. This mishap still stings.
Actually it racism and being right-wing (e.g. being an #ApartheidIsrael supporter) politically that's the link.
 Hi, have u had an indepth look at all the island quests that drop (Tell me a tale achievement)?
There’s got to be about 1000 codes being broken. The time those bleachers are full of fans and they collapse they will think hard. Fix the problem before it gets worse
⠀ ⠀ ⠀ Hello. I'm the Police of Bahamas. You're under arrest for stealing Bahamas.
 so I bought the cAmelback but didn’t realize it said LA on it and NoT NY and just want it removed from the order not the whole order cancelled, but your customer service is having a hard time understanding that through email.
Looks like just a mere $10K can get a treasonist from the U.S. off the hook. Sentenced to Death or a $10K fine? WTF, am I reading that correctly?
No we shouldn’t huawei.. so the Chinese can steal our personal information
I was thinking the same thing, there was not a defender for like 10 yards on the right side and they acted like he shook everyone in the process.
I don't think resignation is an option for him. It would really have to be with no way out: Republican Senators telling him to his face that they will convict him. Unless he pulls it off, my only idea is that he will flame out: Suicide in the Oval Office is my best guess.
It is important to remember that  is running a criminal enterprise out of 1600 Pennsylvania Ave. Who will play The Don in the upcoming Netflix docudrama #TheGodfatherWhiteHouseEdition ? #AGBarr is the Donald's consigliere protecting the mob.
The last 3 yrs in this order Anxiety , fibro, connective tissue disease possibly lupus.
What were the two “much more violent hits yesterday?” Lol
Anyone who said "pizza crust" should be dragged into the street and shot in front of their children
Can’t wait till they ALL learn about a provision in the 2012 NDDA signed into law that made being a terrorist in America able to be black ops extracted into black sites with no right of habius Corpus ....
She is the constitutional head of state. Therefore not elected. Suck it up petal. Your racist hero is screwed
The point is they all Knew---they were working in COLLUSION to use foreign governments to take down our very own CIA and FBI---it's crazy why they didn't use them to investigate Hunter--they wanted illegal gotten made up dirt--
No, but the DPRK now has veto over CA regulations. No bigee.
#FunnyReasonsToGetFired writing a virus that goes into the HR system and slashes the accrued vacation time for anyone who has made me have to work double time and in the middle of night to fix their shit.
I don't care what numbers you assign to it, Trump will not take it. Also, I can't go along with it. Though if part of the deal is to give up his Twitter account, I'd be tempted.
You are the big lie and I am sick as a republican for 51 years to hear you speak with no true to power. You are lost in your own delusions about this president. The president is a crook and you will go down with him as a crook too. Get out of town.
get them passed. trump can show how he’s putting the American people first, even when they are trying to ruin him he will put america first. more proof that he’s is maga
having faith in the justice system, especially when a white woman murdered a black man, is a level of naïveté that I’m almost jealous of
From the Star, about Rebel Media's reporter getting kicked out of Scheer's event earlier. Classic Ezra tactic:
Easily the most drunk I’ve been this freshers that spell check is saving me
Not being funny but yeah.. The #Redskins is yal are is yal ain't gonna win 1 game this year(in my kid voice) but, but yal on like a 17 game losing streak.. #Cowboys #NoExcuses #Hategod
It would go back for me and certainly even worse for the person being killed. Yet, that is just being reasonable. I don't necessarily need to worry about someone's soul or mine, in order to think about committing that type of crime. I just wouldn't be interested in doing it.
It’s a way of confusing and demoralizing students and inciting conflict among them. It’s very cruel. It’s abusive, in a way. Meanwhile those at the top will spurn this baloney for their kids and cement their advantage. Egalitarian it is not. Far from it.
"Shh~" Deceit whispers. He keeps rubbing Virgils shoulders. He gently pulls out Virgils chair. He goes under the desk and pulls Virgil back up to the desk. No one would see Deceit under the desk as there was a wall type thing to keep him from being seen. He purs softly
Doubtless the technology was stolen and/or given to the REDS during the Obama Administration so Biden and son (with John Kerry's stepson and Whitey Bulger's nephew) could get their share of a billion+$deal:
Imagine that. At a time when black women are the most educated group in country. And quiet as it’s kept, most black people don’t come close to fitting into your little narrative about us. This is why you will fail. You come speaking with a white supremacist message. Fraud.
This is literally the DUMBEST reply in the history of tweets.
God I hate it so much. There's just something about it that unsettles me. I've hated it all the way back to when it first popped up in vines and shit
Huh? Fraud is what he does when he is not money laundering. Charlatans also fail the wit test by insisting their demands count as 'prayer'
That's crazy I never knew the French actually Drew all that detail in the inbetween.
On life dtfl that was my shit let me go listen to it rn i had that shit downloaded on my mp3 player and the ps3
The president has never been charged or convicted of a crime. Mueller concluded that there was no coordination or conspiracy. The Ukranian president himself told the world that nothing improper occurred in their phone call. You're delusional and you don't live in reality.
This guy doesn’t deserve the title of Senator. He’s a whiny wimp.
Should i kill brennan so i can play red dead redemption yes or no. He's hogging the ps4
i’m sick with the cat emoji and i tried to take a ss and it STILL looks clapped
I’ve been told all the solutions to my problems are shaadi.
To stop the madness is going to require action... investigate those who have created chaos for political power. Subpoenas Demand Resignations/Removals Starting with America's weakest link:  More Troublemaker than Lawmaker:
Which comes closer to your view (among registered voters)? Trump is trying to smear Biden ahead of the 2020 elections: 46% Biden is trying to cover up a scandal that could hurt him in 2020: 28% https://www.ipsos.com/sites/default/files/ct/news/documents/2019-09/topline_reuters_trump_biden_ukraine_poll_w2_09_30_2019-v3.pdf … Independents say Trump is trying to smear Biden, 42-17%.
How the hell does Wendy’s let a sour cream shortage happen
Kia ora. Let me introduce myself! I'm carol. Don't you want to find delicious cuisine with me around the world? where I am in is America. The weather now is . I gonna try
Rob we are so tired of your pretend work while there’s a dumpster fire in the Whitehouse. I can’t wait to vote you out.
Inside The Secret Bunker The U.S. Government Built As A Haven From Cold War Nuclear Holocaust... http://sni.ps/mlm
And at the end of the day you got the nerve to bring that bitch up.. that’s the difference.
Why he is not in office he has no power and he will be the next president. Our President Trump will be. It’s only curtesy that he is not in jail
It's no different than Donald (and his father, Fred) Trump's real-estate strategy. CIA+Mossad dump crack in poor neighborhoods, some guy like *COUGH* Steve Mnunchin redlines those communities putting them on boil in order to raise the relative price of semi-good investments.
Another life just lost in #California. #POTUS, please end the suffering. #BackfireTrump
Your reporter is a sewer rat looking for a story he was scooped on. Leave the man alone. He's not a criminal and doesn't owe any comment to your very unprofessional reporter. If he was chasing me I would give the ANTIFA treatment. #TrudeauMustGo
From day 1, the radical Dems have been trying to undo a duly elected President from special prosecutors to harassing his family & friends. This impeachment scam is enough, no more. 2020 will makes Dems heads expand. Stop the crap.....now! https://www.theatlantic.com/photo/2017/01/photos-of-the-inauguration-of-president-donald-j-trump/513995/ …
The environment should concern everybody, there is too much plastic in our oceans and it is not healthy for our aquatic ecosystem. When I drank my can of Heineken, I disposed the empty can far away from the ocean.
Shhh... no one tell her Congress ratified the Mutual Legal Assistance Treaties with these countries according to the process laid out in the Constitution in the 80s.
bitch you booked the whole october you lied otp to me bitch im done !
Fkn hate working at the bar on mondays, talk about a drag
i dont know how mk could have made 11 even worst but after the last patch they just did..........
I sit bacc n watch I’m the motion this shit nun w/o me
As featured plane costs roughly $70M+. Engineer 1: I told you that autonomously driven baggage carts were lousy idea. Engineer 2: One glitch. One damn little glitch and you're screaming "Catastrophic Failure!". Engineer 1: Nope....It missed the plane.
Yeeeeep! The problem with getting in so late is that everyone is recommending me 30 different animes at a time, and a lot of them have over 100 episodes I could list off at least 20 that I've never watched in like a minute. Probably more now that I think about it
Probably no different than the captain of the MH370. Depressed, suicidal & brain addled, looking to take as many down with him as he can. Meanwhile he masquerades as a functional member of government. Remember when he said ‘WE ALL DIE” in response to an accountability issue? Wtf?
Shiiiid! I don’t even walk on the bridge on the freakn ground! You there talking about sky bridge and shit! Damn
#NEWS: I will be solo at AOMG. There are rumors that I might choose SM Entertainment but I already rejected them. The most you can expect is a solo at AOMG as something you won't expect. greetings.
and depending on personality wiring.. folks like to hv everything figured out before they get started..ironically that's usually not the best approach. #Impactmatters
IM LITERALLY THE TINIEST OUT OF ALL MY FRIEND GROUPS IT’S SO SAD
The struggle of going to a school event when you live far
They do a decent job with borderlands, except the Troy Baker issue and voice of claptrap :/
Anyone who makes sweeping statements about millions of strangers is unbelievably stupid. And I guarantee that the majority of purportedly cognitively challenged individuals have no clue what the “tan suit” incident is in reference to.
We're now moving to motions. First up: "Motion to Strike and Fill the Executive Compensation Review Committee" - council passes unanimously - needs to be filled by December #CUSAcouncil #CUSA #Carletonnews
It rocks, one of the Carl's became a titoist so a whole chunk of dead eyed fascist throatslitters had to become communists.
 is the Officer in Kashmir confirming this. Schools were already open no?
 Don’t worry because it looks like Gorka is on the case of discovering the deep state conspiracy against Trump. And BTW, this is what a clown show really looks like.
Right! Somebody yesterday had the revaluation that it’s a hold on employees that corporations should not have. I hadn’t thought of it that way before. It was a good start when labor laws were first introduced, but now, no. My employer doesn’t need that much personal info.
Your main argument is that Christians today no longer follow it, which I agree with. But to say the Bible doesn't condemn it is at best misleading and at worst a lie.
I did not, in any way, suggest she should not be held accountable. What I meant to say is dig deeper. Something WAS going on. None of us know who she tried to tell. I am a teacher and I have seen bullying shoved under the rug. She was crying out for help.
It's possible we have never "elected" a pathological #Narcissist as "POTUS" before. The man would rather DIE or sell us off than lose face.
Guess what???? The fire boys will be performing soon in the  house tune in now
I’ve never felt that I fit the Leo sign, but I decided to do a full natal chart and I’m...scared at how accurate this all is. I feel attacked
Then lead the call for immediate resignation. We know enough with 100% certainty. What are we waiting for - his blowtorch to America??? #TrumpResign
Whenever I feel crappy, I just look around. Every one continues living as normal. Just because I feel like the world is crashing down, doesn't mean anything changes. The world spins exactly the same no matter how I feel. Move on. Bad times don't last forever unless you let them.
Stop trying to legitimize the illegitimate puppet’s WH! .  #TrumpPence #TransNationalCrimeOrganization rules the WH &   . Kompromat begot #Traitors
I've been legit watching romcoms for the last few weeks. What the hell.
Yeah I’m really starting to see the problem with this app and the hanging out tweet is really highlighting it.
I don't know which side of #HalloweenWars is more stressful to be on - the competitors or the judges
Trump mistakenly believed and more than once repeated a conspiracy theory started by a conservative media source sympathetic to him that there was a recent change in the whistleblower report. He's kind of ignoring the Inspector General.
Because I am a leo. I am the biggest leo there ever was. Do you see my problem. Do you see why im trying to get rid of it.
*sigh* let's see what the season premiere (?) of Monday Night RAW brings to the table. I wanna see storylines I give a shit about, and exciting match-ups. Is that so much to ask?
bernadetta: if my dad’s been stripped of his title and put under house arrest am i going to have to see him again?? :( hubert, adjusting gloves: say the word and i can have him killed instead, bernadetta bernie: okay good to know, thanks
The government should also deny them, America is also stress sometimes
I'm sorry but every time the fire emblem is mentioned, I cannot take it seriously
religions are the strongest barriers against the socialists that is why communists and socialists hate jesus christ they could never beat jesus christ by infiltrating churches with progressive gospels deteriorating from within their own countries defeating every system opposed
if i die in my light up sketchers, does my heat carry over into the afterlife?
Yeah they were real accurate in 2016 when my man trounced the doucebag thief !!!
Part of my financial aid is missing all of a sudden and I really don’t like that shit. Ready to curse the whole school out. I hate funny business.
Fox News outs two Fox analysts as working 'off the books' with Trump, Giuliani to find Biden dirt https://www.dailykos.com/stories/2019/9/30/1888835/-Fox-News-outs-two-Fox-analysts-as-working-off-the-books-with-Trump-Giuliani-to-find-Biden-dirt …
No, there’s one off examples. Antifa is a MOVEMENT made up of factions. Antifa has no leader. There are more examples of peaceful counter protests than violent skirmishes. Do you know Antifa history? And you’re still missing the point. The paradox of tolerance.
I love how these knuckleheads think they get to choose whether they will comply with the law. Back when I knew you as a prosecutor, , you would have locked people up for ignoring subpoenas. What the hell happened to you? https://www.rawstory.com/2019/09/rudy-giuliani-is-debating-whether-he-will-comply-with-congressional-subpoena/ …
I'm listening to CNN AND have had more than one glass of wine BUT politics be damned if this man, and his ilk, is horrible for our country (and they are) get them the hell out of office and save our beautiful country ....... NOW, before it is too late.
Bernie ... If I don't have you I will get no more health insurance. I have worked for the UN for years but years of cancer treatments have rung me out. You are it.
Spread the word #CUSMF19 #CU5Deep! #Claflin #PowerHour #Music #Healing #Grief
When we finally uncover the totality of tRumps crimes, we will be shocked and tRump and his enablers should be in prison! What we now know will be considered petty crimes compared to the swamp, money laundering and the depth of tRumps depravity!
Warning, Next Setup Will Hurt Someone’s Eyes (Probably) if all goes well with the reset all content part.
Because the sign did not read Accident Ahead which is what they are supposed to post when there is an accident
“You’ll learn, as you get older, that rules are made to be broken. Be bold enough to live life on your terms, and never, ever apologize for it. Go against the grain, refuse to conform, take the road less traveled…
Thank you RINO moron.  where was the courage to condemn  who lied to the nation in a serious matter of impeachment? You are a pathetic idiot and I hope that you get primaried!
It's when you lie down, close your eyes and then have all the embarrassing stuff you did your entire life flood back into your mind.
Seattle math: 2+2=5 and you're an oppressive fascist bigot if you think 2+2=4. The triumph of
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀Had it not been for the contract ; I would have torn and defiled every one of your organs .
The President of the USA is finding out who put together the info for the FISA and he is getting close. That is why you are suddenly commenting and going on the attack.
.... who the fuck poisons raccoons?? what is wrong with y’all??
Sign the petition: Governors can block Stephen Miller's latest attack on refugees  #refugeeswelcome via
'Harvesting Attacks' & the Quantum Revolution https://www.darkreading.com/vulnerabilities---threats/harvesting-attacks-and-the-quantum-revolution/a/d-id/1335870?_mc=rss_x_drr_edt_aud_dr_x_x-rss-simple …
the punks head is only a slight outline of what's left from the plasma goo melting it as her hand huffs against her cheek, shaking her destroyed cortex as she encases it entirely in ice and just sits there
Arizona is much better for Crypto than California, this is terrible for crypto. A proposed law in California could have a disastrous impact on both the U.S. cryptocurrency scene and the global industry, according to a... https://cryptobriefing.com/california-crypto-law/ …
"Why don't you stay, Akutagawa?" "Jinko, it wouldn't be right if I did." "Don't close the door on us. Please." "But you already did that for me." "I did it for you." "I'm sorry, Jinko, but you shouldn't have done that. Because now....I'll be keeping the door closed."
Fuck that I’m flipping packssssss I’m good in the kitchen so I ain’t worried bout food
The anatomy on the second one is so dam bad !! I might re do that one but needs to be a new character ( don’t own that one anymore )
It does sound weird, but have you ever had laksa? It's essentially a Malaysian version of pho. It has sliced-up boiled eggs, which sounds gross, but it enhances the flavor.
How so? If you read the “transcript” yourself, no where does it say he was repeatedly trying to dig up info on anyone
And the villagers had no idea they were being watched? Creepy.
R.I.P To the man #LeonardForbes AKA #TeddyBrukshut AKA #Ox first know to the world of #Dancehall and #Reggae #Music as louie_rankin the Original #DanDada the gun whe him have a…
We have the same problem from Italy. Have you found a solution?
//help i’ve been watching The 7 deadly sins Anime recently and now i kinda wanna make a new account for it hfkshfkd—i’ve been thinking about either Merlin or Gowther,Elizabeth or Dianne.
Batten down the hatches everyone. Shits going to get real.
I legit played half life like that once and boy was it hard to see some of the headcrabs do not recommend lmao
 this person has to be gotten rid of. He has corrupted the executive branch of our government. no one in the GOP is a patriot. There’s man Is Decompensating. That’s the nature of his mental illness.
Not a hypothetical it happens every day Criminals get guns. I’d rather be on an equal playing field. I would never be able to look my family in the face if I sat there helpless at the mercy of another man in my house. We are different. And that’s okay.
The president didn’t commit they are just trying to do what ever they can to create hate and discontent
Collision on the south end of the Fremont Bridge blocking NB lanes. Use caution and expect delays.
Gets a broom “Get the fuck out my closet you’re stretching out my skirts”
I'm listening to my discover thing on spoofy and it starts playing this song and I'm like "this dialogue sounds familiar",, It was the tape recording from The Evil Dead :'D
it still baffles me that delaware niggas think they're apart of the dmv
And you could not explain a book of the Bible if the life of one of your Russian hookers depended on it.. Evangelicals are obsessed with race and prejudice.
Fortunately, not to her. Yet another nail in the coffin of the BBC for the level headed onlooker no doubt.
You figured Donald would collude with a salad (I fat shame Trump b/c he fat shames everyone) & No, I don’t want to be the bigger person, fuck that fat shit calzone with legs #CaptainFatShit #CivilWar2
look, child, it's not that I don't love you, it's just that I need you to leave me the fuck alone for two minutes so I can eat this hand full of candy corn that's melting in my fist hiding under my pillow without you knowing it exists.
 What the hell is wrong w/you men? Stupid, pathetic ass losers, every gosh darn one of you. You don't deserve to have a good woman, not any of you. It takes a woman every time to get something done. Chickenshits. I wish you all had to jackoff for the rest of your lives.
Nothing excites me, phases me, or frustrates me anymore. That’s what scares me the most.
He is being given what the law says he should be able To obtain. How is this hard to get. The schools are not paying the players
secretly fund and support far-right protests , plant sources , spread red scare , create discord among the inner circle , convince public of imminent threat to safety of the nation
Why even bother THE HAS TO GO TO HIS RED HAT BASE TO TELL MORE LIES is RUDY ,POMPEO & MULVANEY attending ????
Well that was a bad decision up until Tua went in and then he unlocked the new features to the O that Hurts couldn’t. But Hurts put a ceiling on their offense
 pls let me buy a pair of the ruthless Dame 6s.I still think about how I never got the bape dame 4s :/
Who the FUCK did I think I was at age 15, with my side bangs, pulling up to the function in chucks, low rise lulu lemon leggings, and a cropped long sleeve?? The fuck
Here's an example from Comaroni (304-305, 312). Editor Dorcas Fellows wanted the DDC to remain responsible primarily to American librarians, butting heads with Godfrey & Melvil. Once Melvil died, she "no longer felt constrained to follow his desire" for concordance with the UDC.
#RT : Steelers’ TE Vance McDonald is inactive for tonight’s game against the Bengals due to a shoulder injury.
Mississippi police went to the wrong address on a warrant. They killed the man inside, Ismael Lopez, who was in the U.S. illegally. The city says it's not liable. It claims the 14th Amendment that offers equal protection under the law doesn't apply because he wasn't a citizen.
...and now Trump is calling farmers who want him to end the trade war "stupid".
The first 7 pm not being able to turn on the  and seeing    cuts the deepest
Chagnon was so evil, so reprehensible, he's earned a figure in local folklore among the Yanomami as a bogeyman or demon. His description of the Yanomami is an excellent example of how anthropologists can influence their subjects if they're not careful.
And you’ve been a pussy ever since you were born a lil bitch doing anything for attention just so some people would laugh at you at the end clownass boi
I was pounding my table for ramzykc, obviously I'm just a fan but old habits die hard. Bolles had the most holds in CFB, carried that into the NFL
Amazing. The leak in the dam is widening by the hour. Will IQ45 resign, flee the country, or? I am betting, try to flee the country. But I suspect he will be hauled out, throwing a tantrum the entire way.
Booker has taken hundreds of thousands of dollars from Big Pharmaceuticals. The woman-beater is bought and paid for. He has voted in their favor every time. He’s an unstable, racist, corrupt criminal. Evil
Sometimes.. but you cute most of the time nah I’m lying
business in private?" He eyed HaiLing slowly, quicksilver hues examining the demon . . . it made Raz come to stand beside him. Hell, she was protective. "HaiLing does as he wishes. Either way, I trust him." She looked up at Hai, waiting for an answer.
Discounted admission tickets for over-60s 'are unfair to young' | Society | The Guard… https://www.theguardian.com/society/2018/sep/16/discounted-admission-tickets-for-over-60s-are-unfair-to-young …
Bush is not president anymore. So now it's time for U to answer for being complicit in the current potus' racism. I want to you see U defend his comments on the Central Park 5, his housing discrimination practices, his Charlottesville comments, and his Birther Movement leadership
A decent Leader of the Opposition could have a field day and hang Captain Brainless out to dry.... Shame we havent got one!
Sorry, that is not the transcript of the phone call. It is a summary transcript used by the White House to cover up. I wonder if this came from Barr.
I've already watched season 12!! I cried at the end
No I read the right one , look there is no need in our talking you see what you see, you tried to use scripture lets use scripture together, The Pharisees and sagisee saw Jesus He walked among them yet they were blinded to His Identity, some are blind now and so be it, good day .
You will literally die if you don’t have water. The same won’t happen if you don’t smoke weed, it’s not the same thing
i bought drain opener from the corner store and this shit is watered down
mungkin karena kita gak bayar sedangkan uph bayar kali ya. so, they have the right to be little bit arrogant.
Yeah they think we do not know .. but then they avoid the things they do not want to hear anyway
I respectfully disagree, it's is vitally relevant. The people that pulled the strings that gave him his illegitimate presidency are still at it. Check out  research on election fraud. Same people pulling even more strings.
Who committed terrorism by mailing bombs, blocking the Hoover Dam, running over protestors and gunning down ethnic and religious minorities? Trump Supporters.
The Tampa Bay Lightning are going to be angry and are going to dummy the league and rampage to a Cup. I do think this might be the year my Bruins lose to the Leafs in round 1.
So I got my hair cut the shortest I have EVER had it who knew I could pull this look off
The offense went in the tank. The two factors you mentioned and the entire heart of the order declined significantly. Zero offense.
why are men not asking women to bring anything to the table? She supposed to just show up huh? No sir.. know your worth
I gotta make the appointment to get my wisdom teeth taken out ASAP this shit hurt.
Will #TrumpsWalkAway will detail how feared the unhinged left would scream and yell at elderly seniors citizens trying to cross the road so he decided to #WalkAway? Did  ever imagine Antifa terrorists blocking & harassing Americans streets
The damage he and his supporters have done to Israel is incredible.
One of the finest friends I have ever met on the Facebook. SAD that I missed an opportunity to meet her personally on her visit to Chandigarh.
Just take the fucking shot, we get it he hurt you lol
The Yanomami talk about him like he's some mythological embodiment of evil, like the Devil, and honestly I'm not sure they're wrong. Saying that a Yanomami village took him in is a serious accusation now, on par with someone here being accused of harboring Nazis after WW2.
People haven't been getting away with it since the 70s. People have been condemning racism since I was a kid. I never knew a single person walking around with their chest all puffed bragging "I'm a proud racist". Maybe where you grew up as a racist.
Apparently we have alreasy lost the right to vote for our president.
oh honey we’re not laughing about the same thing, you go be maga somewhere else
I’m sick the outfit I want for Halloween keep selling out
If you map out some grand strategy months in advance, you’ve got 20 members bitching non-stop for those months. So you avoid that and deal with the “what’s our message?” bitching because it’s much less harmful than 20 members going to the press arguing against the strategy.
It confuses me why a direct transformation to the plane by car can’t be arranged for exo, would save them the hell of walking through these disrespectful uglies at the airport
Is Ross testing the waters because he wants to come out in favor of Civil War and charging Schiff with treason next? How much of a complete Trump rumpswab has he become? Or is this more about confused extreme right-wing Catholics sticking together?
Absolutely is and that is no way to run a country. What is popular is not always good or right.
I think he is doing something. Remember the Kavanaugh hearings??? What did he ask about demestic enemies of the us.
Are you sure you are a Christian? Do you believe in the 10 Commandments? What would Jesus do? I don't think it would be to continue to support a liar and cheat.
She couldn't arrange a teleprompters for the PM who then, consequently blurted out permanently self damaging statements in his over timed speech. Punished.
The Republican senators need to GROW A PAIR & start fighting at least as hard as we are! They are spineless & I still don't trust
*at HandleBar the other night* random man: “AYE YOU KILLED IT! hey have you heard this song ____” me: “yeah.. it’s a good song” man: “what do i have to do to get you to play that song RIGHT NOW?” *at this point, it’s 2:30 AM, the lights are on, & my equipment is put away* me
Used to question the things I’ve done and even regretted some choices I’ve made. This past month definitely opened my eyes more than ever. I’ve come to terms that every move made has been a lesson learned more than a regret
Moreover, hate young people are not good behaviors. Young people are the future of our country, and no one expects their country to have no future.
&& the hoes tried to say my child didn’t look like her mfn daddy bitch you thought
THE DEMOCRATS ARE WALKING DEAD. ALL OF YOU ARE GUILTY OF CRIMES. WE HAVE CONNECTED ALOT OF DOTS WITH OPEN SOURCE RESEARCH. IF WE HAVE IT TRUMP HAS IT AND YOU CAN'T STOP THE SCALES OF JUSTICE. YOU HAVE NO PLACE TO HIDE. WHEN WILL THE HAMME DROP?
I think the pressure from his wife's problems may be the reason he is getting going ho now. She was about to testify, right?
Firing up NBA Live 19 for the first time in almost a month while this 2K20 goes on in the background.
Anyway, everywhere he went, there were these super mad Yanomami armed with knives and hatchets who were totally ready to go to war, so he wrote about how violent and brutal and warlike they were, and never once did it occur to this ignoramus that HE WAS THE REASON FOR THAT.
Yes. The Ukraine stuff has changed everything because the media is angry that his surrogates are just peddling straight up lies.
To screw with the current common person and their lack of Latin knowledge?
Princes Street sits on a layer of alluvial deposits over fractured shale - not especially good at load-bearing, particularly when wet - it 'came in' during construction of Scotland Street tunnel nearby. Will the cause of this collapse be investigated & fixed?
Oh the days when our livers were young and foolish.
Cute. Biglang ayaw magpuno ng mga PUV at PUJ kase actively nanghuhuli LTO lately. Ran by fear, not respect, of the law.
If Rihanna was as bad as yal hype her to be she would look like this instead of the alien from American Dad
Son: “Hey Dad! How did you and mom meet?” Dad: “Well son, I was a mod in her chat and I banned some guy who kept spamming ‘Pepega Clap’ at your mom for using Moira’s Ult for frontline DPS, and well... the rest is herstory.”
Where’s the girl, I have forgotten her name for Big brother but her name na Busola
#ImpeachmentIsComing The Democrats are putting on a display of illogical thought. e.g., they begin from the premise that Trump is a crime boss and then extol on they ways his phone call puts them in mind of a crime boss then uses that fantasy to justify calling him crime boss
She needs to go ; tortured people. Not a believer in the constitution. Times up Haspel.
A Kansas runner has died after being hit by lightning as he neared the finish line of a 31 mile (50km) ultramarathon. https://www.cbsnews.com/news/runner-struck-by-lightning-thomas-stanley-killed-lightning-strike-near-finish-line-flatrock-trail-race-2019-09-30/ …
Sadly no. The interface for that game was so specific to a mouse and keyboard that it would require a complete overhaul. Not something we considered when making the game. When the game’s production started, there were no iPhones!
Sounds an awful lot like Trump in the country to the south.
YOU & THE NRA ARE SELL OUTS! ITS A RIGHT NOT A PRIVILEGE & RIGHT ARE NOT UP FOR DEBATE OR LEGISLATION PERIOD SO #UPYOURS
You sound like a child. "Suzy did it too!" Instead of a meme why dont you use your own mind. Even if any of that is true, why wont you accept that what is going on RIGHT NOW is corruption to the worst degree.
 WTF is wrong with you? Why are you still bringing up HRC and emails 3yrs later? Nothing you say or do will change the fact that she got 3mil more votes and you. EC gave you the office.
It is a shame you don't show the same outrage at the instigators of this mess, the democrat satanic party. President Trump didn't start this. What he said is true. It will cause a fracture in this country, which is just what the demoncrats are going for. You should Apologize.
The stock market is due for a recession I’d chill out with investing in there for now (unless you’re patient)
Pricey beer + a looming recession (or drop in consumer confidence) isn't a good outlook. Folks watch that disposable income closely. May help explain why Mystic closed the doors. A look at the tea leaves made for a less difficult decision before things got completely sideways.
vote green! the world is dying n it’s a FACT and it’s our TOP priority because if the earth dies? then so do we? so we need to do something... there’s so much more that I can’t fit in a tweet but... the liberals have failed us n the conservatives deny there’s a problem so. green
Iron Man 1 Iron Man 2 Iron Man: The Avengers Iron Man 3 Iron Man: Age of Ultron Iron Man: Infinity War Iron Man: Endgame that's all
Works both ways. Mind your own business and leave the poster where it is.
I think you would roster him regardless. In fact, Mahomes could have the flu and be severely dehydrated and you would roster him. Not hating, just a fact.
He did! He had the State Department tightly restrict immigration and even visas (even for medical treatment—people died), aimed at Muslim-majority countries.
With those mean stares, I was thinking the anti christ..
Do not cooperate with the any federal agent for any reason until the deep state is punished! "Sorry I didn't see anything Agent Smith. I was thinking so deeply about the deep state coup against the president, I was not paying close enough attention to see."
You know the ol saying Haleigh, "The bigger they are, the harder they fail to deliver on time"
AG Barr himself will face the peril of his recklessness by being a stooge for this President. He’ll soon be indicted
Then he would go and shout those names, and if the whole village wanted to kill him, well, that proved that the names were correct. He would also tattoo numbers on their arms, y'know, to get an accurate count.
That’s ass. x.x I’ve always just walked on with suitcase and carry on. Never done the checked bag thing.
Join us in telling the UK: don’t follow Trump’s lead on Venezuela, denounce the deadly sanctions and release Venezuela’s gold! http://act.newmode.social/515333575t
 Donald Trump wants a Civil War? Pussy ass bitch can't get off the damn porch by himself. Impeach the fcking moron. #FakePresident #ImpeachMf
Basically. Nobody else knew that there are 1000 grams in a kilogram. What the fuck
This was a team with a ton of needs. The AB thing blew up in their face but it was worth the risk imo.
Every tear out my eye another 1000 on yo head I don’t give a fuck if it was the mayor, a milli on his head. You drop one I drop 4.
Guess who started to have an asthma attack inside the plane? Why every little thing that can keep me trapped in the airport happened?
old people always talk about the hard things they did when they were younger as if they don’t understand the concept of change and making life easier as we grow older. did their parents talk about how they didn’t have cars back then and everyone had to walk? haters
When you're prostituting for the DNC everything is outrageous.
Why didn’t they speak up on Benghazi or Fast and Furious or on Lois Lerner et al. at the I R S scandals??
Haha oh damn. Wild. I wouldve had a wtf moment when I passed through again one day if I hadn't heard lol. I remember the wtf moment when I first drive through there after I moved and came back to visit lol
We comb over it bc like you yours followers are so stupid they have no idea you and the rest of the Democrats are LYING TO THEM.
amo aquela parte em 'the man' que ela fala sobre o leonardo dicaprio (que só sai com mulheres com tipo metade da idade dele ou até mais) porque o começo de todo aquele hate em cima dela foi por ter namorado o harry styles quando ela tinha 23 e ele 18 e ela foi ~A PEDÓFILA~
I understand that arguement, the only reason I disagree is that the fallouts surrounding TLJ, Captain Marvel, and similar projects, has basically been a copy+paste of that first shitstorm, even though the two movies I mentioned weren't even close to as bad as GB'16, IMO.
"...Soviets to the same class. In recent years the communists' semantic innovations have gone even further. They call everybody whom they dislike, every advocate of the free enterprise system, a Fascist. Bolshevism, they say, is the only really democratic system. ...
Let's Wreck Mr. Rogers Neighborhood! Goose Style!!! Playing Untitled Goose Game....http://twitch.tv/laura_the_great
RIP Hopper... the evil you have done in this world is enough...
It's always the shittiest snipers who camp spawn instead of leaving the game
No one is above the law. Not even the corrupt mayor of Chicago. Jail time.
this stupid blue bird app only makes my anxiety and anger worse but what the hell else imma do if i delete it
When you want to taunt an enemy into attacking you, you shout out the names of his dead ancestors. So, Chagnon offered knives and hatchets as payment for each village to give him the names of the dead relatives of their enemies.
i’ve had some shitty ass friends before but the ones i have now make up for it
Chris. I can appreciate your concern, but the Left have been overrun with child traffickers and not very decent people. Have you not seen it? Look at how many children are reported missing in this country alone, and worldwide. Someone is taking them, and it aint poor people. Look
You are the only thing fake that I know. Looks like some of the Republicans are starting to open their eyes.
DO NOT TESTIFY. Perjury trap. We both know it. They will find a way to indict. Even if they wait it out until after the president leaves office. Find me the man and I will find you a crime. It’s a new day in America.
Totally agree nashy the United v arsenal game was awful poor performances no passion or drive for the club otlr the fans ,desperate times call for desperate measures
I understand that but we have to organize and do what the left does. Show them that we are serious about defending this nation.
I wouldn’t call it an unpopular opinion I’d call it a fact people feel uncomfortable with.I’m well aware that the only reason I don’t get attacked for some of the things I say especially in defence of men is because I’m a woman. It’s sad that I have a shield based on my sex alone
why’ve i just fully cried making a robron edit just because the lyrics in the audio were ‘im coming home’ cannot be arsed
what’s number two? the salem witch trials? the people need to know donald!!!
"...Nazism were both committed to the Soviet principle of dictatorship and violent oppression of dissenters. If one wants to assign Fascism and Nazism to the same class of political systems, one must call this class "dictatorial regime" and one must not neglect to assign the...
Denial. Seriously, last Thursday at 11:00am during the McGuire testimony Fox was running “Judge Jerry” I went there to look at the coverage.
We are too spiritual in this country to level of General saying that the boko aram battle Is more spiritual than physical warfare."
in past six months you already... 1- YES 2- YES 3- NO 4- NO 5- NO 6- NO 7- YES 8- NO 9- NO 10- NO 11- Yes 12- NO 13- YES 14- NO 15- NO 16- NO 17- NO 18- NO 19- NO drop an emoji and i’ll send u the questions
Liberals: I hate the president because my TV told me to
He did this by compiling genealogies. He encountered a small problem, though, in that the Yanomami believe that speaking the name of a dead person is one of the worst things you can do.
With all eyes on the Brexit nonsense and the UK austerity monstrosity, it is also time to question the monstrosity of the EU austerity, the oppression of the Eurozone. #MMT
A6 Swear, generally. Cry. Other than that, demand prompt treatment for the cause of acute pain & immediately go to my flare protocol.
I'm an edgy baby. What the fuck why is that right?
#brotha #looka wat I found. See that man behind me...he's the reason I was able to keep up bc he would do the hard orders and I assist. That's #family an I owe him my #life
End the stigma and learn from our institutional mistakes #OneWallForAll, #HeroesInLife
To spread out the risk of missing the lows or highs?
Imagine getting mad that a young kid is getting paid for commercial deals or profiting from his own autograph. College players should be allowed to make money off their own name and likeness. That is probably the most basic right in a capitalist society.
He's not going to tell the truth. Deny, obfuscate, lie, obstruct. That's the Republican way.
If anger is the devil cocaine then Twitters the crack house of choice. #auspol
why the fuck have i never seen this before what is he doing i'm not sure whether i'm blessed or cursed
not to be dramatic but, I feel so empty inside when I gotta drop Seth off to the airport for him to go work. 5 days is a long time lol. I give military wives props for being away from their s/o longer than that.
Agree! McCarthy is a disgrace to his office. His interview was incoherent, bumbling & so obviously filled with double-talk & lies. Let the history books look unkindly upon all of these GOP traitors. #ImpeachTrumpPenceBarrPompeo
In case you were wondering - trying to discover the identity of a protected federal whistleblower is a high crime and misdemeanor #OneMoreArticle of #Impeachment
We are live with Dark Souls 2: Scholar of the First Sin. Deprived it is. http://twitch.tv/copygab
"...Ethiopian war, and were allies in the second World War, did not eradicate the differences between these two tenets any more than did the alliance between Russia and the United States eradicate the differences between Sovietism and the American economic system. Fascism and...
Klay will be coming back at All Star Break. He’ll break his rust by playoffs, Houston and Nuggets are not better then the Warriors lmfaooo
Consultation went ok. No surgery now, but later on down the road. If pain gets worse and he's unable to have full function in his wrist, then surgery.
Facts are better “There is no climate emergency. Therefore, there is no cause for panic and alarm,” they noted. “We strongly oppose the harmful and unrealistic net-zero CO2 policy proposed for 2050.” -500 climate scientists to the UN
If you had birds....you wouldn't be a fan of cats either. I had strays try to eat the fishes and turtle in my pond.
I miss the days when SVU episode names were one word long. “Pique”
If his name wasn’t Noah Syndergaard, would you consider a pitcher who’s at least top 20 in all of baseball in ERA, K/9,BB/9, HR/9, WAR, and FIP the last 4 seasons a solid number two starter?
Imagine how they would try to do the neighborhood for football. You could just walk up to niggas and challenge them in drills.
My Spanish prof is really chill but also I keep having to explain to her what my classmates are asking. I can’t imagine the mental strain of being bilingual TBH.
America is fucked man, especially if you're from Texas. First of all you live in the deep south and to add insult to injury you live in a state that loves liquorice. Bunch of wrongens.
A historian explains why the Republican Party is dead - https://www.rawstory.com/2019/09/a-historian-explains-why-the-republican-party-is-dead/ …
She (Leaker) had a readout of the call discussed it with others. Then I suggest she gave it to  &  which is leaking.  has admitted she read the transcript before calling for impeachment. CIA SPOOK who leaked.
Also going to go out on a limb here...a limb that's sitting on the ground because honestly there is just zero risk to what I am saying. This is the worst sound in a AAA Ubisoft game ever. EVER. As in...of all time.
#TheFaustFlick not only crypto platform, but also in another aspect which that mean will be the solution for all problem we face now.    #Film #ExecutiveProduce #ETH #TFF #FilmBusinessBuster #TFF_Bounty
The angry boy a bit too insane Icing over a secret pain You know you don't belong You're the first to fight You're way too loud You're the flash of light on a burial shroud I know something's wrong Well everyone I know has got a reason To say, "put the past away".
Also, what is your plan in the ever-so-unlikely event Trump IS impeached and removed? Are you prepping for war or are you just going to calm down?
This dude in my class post snaps of his work book every class talking about “ the grind don’t stop ” but don’t do shit in class fake ass flex, like why bro.
I'm sick and tired of the GOP supporting this demented person. Yes, enough is enough. #CivilWarII #ImpeachmentHearings #UkraineExtortion
I thought the Mueller investigation was. You give witches a bad name.
"...Italy. It was not a product of Mussolini's mind and will survive the fall of Mussolini. The foreign policies of Fascism and Nazism, from their early beginnings, were rather opposed to one another. The fact that the Nazis and the Fascists closely co-operated after the...
I heard recently that female Olympic record setters had times that were beaten by the New Jersey (high school) boys team
Okay listening to the KP leaks and omg bitch she is coming for our wigs
were the puritans part of the Catholic Church? your illiteracy is showing.
I can only guess kool-aide does that to a guy. Sad really. More concerned with holding his seat than doing the right thing.
Hows about controlling the exaggerated medical pricing. $12 for an aspirin? No justification for that. Lower the costs of healthcare then everyone could afford it without forcing it upon everyone. ...Or give the peasants the same benefits politicans get!
And even more things to say, has anyone ever thought that you could kill Donald trump if the death note was real?
Let Negan loose! I’m watching the return of #TWD Sunday 9/8c.
Once upon a time, Lina the professional wizard set sail for adventure. An old time detective told Lina a story. 'Listen well' she said to Lina, 'to this portentous story. ' Once upon a time, Mia the gentleman witch left his home. Mia went home.'
We get to find out the gender reveal of my cousins baby at 7 pm. Im scared
The Deep State is in a race. Their time is dwindling down and they are on defense. Trump, Barr, and Durham are on offense and advancing quickly. They are in their "hurry up" offense, in the red zone, and set to score!
As I said before, the official partner within Pakistan have informed us via phone that they do not have a original battery for Iphone 6 anymore, https://www.facebook.com/iStoreAAR/
But perhaps that’s just me. Today, I found myself reflecting on how the Residential School System has not only impacted me personally but how it’s informed the work that I do (both in official and unofficial capacities). I mourn languages, land, connections, ceremonies, /5
“No one saves us but ourselves. No one can and no one may. We ourselves must walk the path.” - Gautama Buddha (Sayings Of Buddha) https://tmblr.co/ZRFhwx2l8tnTC
Yeah like... Talk about missing the point and emphasizing cultural insensitivity.
Off the rails again. She think she should be a president no vote no running just steal it. Sounds like communism to me.
today at work a man bought a wedding band for his wife whom he said has less than 6 months to live & then had the balls to hit on melove is dead
Private property was important for the virtue of liberality! Property that is commonly owned is invariably overutilized and overexploited. They knew back in 325 BC that Socialism doesn’t work and we’re in the year 2019 in Ocasio-Cortez can’t really be that stupid it’s for POWER!
CHAOS WALKING FINALLY IS GWTTING RELEASED IN THE MOVIES. TODD HEWITT
Sharpton's comments were made over 20 years ago during the 1900's. Not relevant to rise in anti-Semitic attacks in recent years Hate crimes targeting Jews and the LGBTQ community rose in Orange County in 2018, study says https://www.latimes.com/socal/daily-pilot/entertainment/story/2019-09-27/hate-crimes-targeting-jews-and-the-lgbtq-community-rose-orange-county-in-2018-study-says …
He's heralded by people like Steven Pinker for overturning Rousseauian nonsense and showing how brutal human evolution truly is, mostly through his studies of the Yanomami.
Much of the news from #Haiti involves recent civil unrest, but our friends in Grande Saline are suffering from flooding of their homes, church, and school. This is a devastating and unnecessary consequence of the lack of appropriate infrastructure.
He asked for the favor directly after discussing the weapons. Weapons needed to fight off aggression from Russia/Putin. He also had delayed aid for weeks prior to the call.
Now [that OTHER implied critic] has really good points - they dentify that the politics that SU essentially advocates is milquetoast "we can all understand each other! No need for direct action!" But they forget it's a kid's show and for some reason totally lose their shit lmao
I don't wanna play more... But the show must go on #RE #ResidentEvil0 #RThttps://www.twitch.tv/westtownhd
It was an illegal hit as defined above by the NFL rulebook. Humans are allowed to be upset when something is illegal and injures someone they care about. I mean it can annoy you, but they have every right to be pissed an illegal hit concussed their QB.
lol aww has your delusion hit again... the snipping shows you changing what i say for you to try to employ your dishonest tactics... thats exactly what i said you did.. where exactly did i lie? only one that seems to lie here is you
It would be niice to shoot these people in the knees yelling at the old.
Do You See What’s Happening With The [CB] Economy, Exposed For All To Se... https://youtu.be/TIAKkBg0K14 via
EU : no border UK: ...... Ireland : no border UK: ...... Rest of the world : no border UK: ..... UK: two borders ? #Brexit #BrexitShambles
It’s all part of the new ‘Forbidden Flavours’ range; also available is Unicorn Blood and Baby’s Tears. For a limited time only...
Hey  , just saw your reaction video to the season finale of Fear the Walking Dead. Feel free to answer my quiz below. I get the feeling i know which choice you are going to select...lolololol
Hey dumdums, we warned you from the beginning to put #CountryOverParty. You all tied yourselves to the traitorous asshole.
She got mad the first time he said it, but now she just do her 'fine' face bc she knows Will would never let her #WhiskeyCavalier
My mother just referred to Steven as “the guy with the big teeth” what does this mean I’m terrified
 Such a shame and disappointed to find out that we were charged for 72 employees when we have 37. For some reason, they refuse to prorate or give you partial refund or credit for next year. so I would suggest reading the fine print before signing anything.
How the fuck am I supposed to get back to real life after Lost Lands? I don’t even know what to do with myself rn
If you’re name’s not the name of a club here I’m seeing one of your past shags working on the strip am fuming
How to Fix the Most Soul Crushing Meetings https://lnkd.in/eCgbwuC https://lnkd.in/eQ6xHyn
NowPlaying Scarface Ft Jay-Z- Get the fuck out - Scareface #RadioImpact Third Coast Radio Listen http://tun.in/sfx71 23:51
past tense. Its GONE to a very bad place when the President of the United States is calling for Civil War if he is found guilty of the crimes he has confessed to
 Ask a biased question...get a biased answer. Q: “to reduce the risk of an outbreak a bill has been proposed…Do you favor/oppose this bill?” MarketResearch101: never use leading, loaded, double barreled questions.  should know better https://tinyurl.com/UCBdata
My beautiful mam had to do exactly the same thing. The reality at the end of her life did not end in any way being 'Led' by her decisions. I feel the pain she had to suffer and I am haunted by it everyday. #Eastenders
ABUSE OF POWER! A SHREDDING OF THE CONSTITUTION! You put our NATION SECURITY IN DANGER! You’re BETRAYAL OF THE PRESIDENTIAL OATH OF OFFICE! #PPAB
I am sorta hopin' that the whistleblower will prove to be that old dog whistler himself, Stephen Miller, acting at the behest of the for-profit, indefinite incarceration industrial complex... you know, retaliating because "The Boss" had lost focus on caging all the brown folk.
"We've gone through Hell and back." Bob Biadasz and his family can't catch a break. Today the family that advocates for farm safety after their son's death lost a hay barn to a fire. https://www.wsaw.com/content/news/Fire-destroys-barn-at-Biadasz-Farms-in-Portage-Co-561798871.html …
"Agents of white supramcy." You must be talking about BLACK MEN like the Chicago detective, that planted drugs on 19 Black men and sent them to prison.
#StacyDash is the trend Twitter is recommending for me. I've never heard of Stacy Dash. My next recommended trend is worse: #AntifaDomesticTerrorists. That's nuts. When #Antifa "terrorists" kill people = those killed by #RightWingDomesticTerrorists let me know.
make a concise document outlining each item the WB states and the phone transcript states, and also why the Dem claims are baloney. Without that, we supporters cannot do anything with authority to counter this pipeline of crap the Dems send.
I don’t know why people are getting the vapors over mention of “civil war.” We are living through a coup attempt where unelected officials are committing fraudulent acts to unseat a President—for several years now.
what’s the sudden obsession with vinyl and ignorance toward cds? CDs WILL MAKE THEIR COMEBACK ONE DAY MARK MY WORDS
This guy been talking shit to Kwon. I didn't know Kwon was going to clap back. He made the guy look like a .
I keep seeing tweets abt the gym and y’all just reminded me to cancel my membership
(1/2) pharaonism was never accepted by the masses. Hence why most noncopts in ID as Arab today. pharaonism didn’t resonate with their identity. The 2 primary identities in Egypt pre-modernity was Muslim(for noncopt majority) & Copt, “pharaonism” has little historical basis.
I'd just gotten done commenting on the steepness of the raked stage and asking how the actors were doing on it when lost my footing and wiped out completely. #Theatrelife #TheatreIsASport #TheatreIsDangerous #Theatre
Heck means Hell and Fuck at the same time but people haven't realized it yet.
I have two 3003s. Early one has no VU meter or arrow keys (but 4 keys that act as arrow keys). The later one has arrows. My Genie II has a third layout. I believe the earliest Genie only had 3 of the 4 ‘arrow’ keys so needed a hardware mod to add a 4th key for certain games!
The part that bothers me is when he says, how long it goes on is another matter (paraphrasing). He'll drag the trial on until the election?
Yet again I have to ask myself what the fuck paying for health insurance is good for when I have to pay fifty bucks for my meds and copays
“it was the worst sex ever like he slobbered on me... he has a lisp”- ANON lmaooooooo
When they ask for the 8th of Gas instead calling it a half a quarter .... #JACKPOT bitch 100 for 3 grams
when sam ray said "and when you disappoint everyone all the time It's hard not to want to die" i felt that.
No court has ever interpreted those words, but they seem to mean POTUS cannot pardon anyone of impeachment. In other words, if an official is impeached, POTUS can’t rehabilitate and reinstate that impeached official. He could still pardon them of the underlying crimes though.
Yo my dog just came upstairs crying to my mom and she said “I gave you food earlier why are you crying , you ain’t no pussy” then my dog scuffed and walked all the way back downstairs
nah he’s all the way in chicago he ain’t getting me, i blocked the number
Did Congress seriously still go on it’s recess?!? If ever there was a time to cancel one in order to hunker down and do the people’s work it’s now. #DoYourJob #SaveDemocracy
All, including you, judging from your profile, are liberals. No conservative would ever even consider any of the socialists running for President right now. Only liberals.
In my (admittedly limited) experience there are two kinds of grad internships: those backed by an internship program and those attached to personal relationships with PI’s. The former is problematic not just because of the early deadlines
And the very biased survey, complete with a donation line.
Satan is doing that already. Without much opposition from the ones who should be leading the counter-attack, sadly. But, in this situation, let each one engage in guerrilla-war against Evil, with our Rosaries and the Armor of God. When leaders lead the war again, we'll be ready.
The Murder Capital - Green & Blue - When I Have Fears (2019)
Yeah that’s a legit reason to rob them of money that belongs to them. They gonna need it after they sign the nba contract.
You. Have. No. Idea. There was no place on Earth like #TheOrangeBowl. How those scumbags tore it down is still beyond me. I wasn’t in Florida at the time, I missed that whole back door deal.
I think you're a top bloke but in this instance you're talking nonsense Jeff. Rafa showed how much of an incredible manager he was because of what he got from virtually this group of players. Ashley is to blame primarily for the appointment but Bruce is tactically inept. Clueless
DHDKDKXM THIS IS SO AWKWARD MY ALARM FOR EMS PAYMENT WENT OFF AND I WAS LISTENING TO PARK BORAM WITH MY HEADPHONES + MY RINGER WAS TURNED OFF BUT THE ALARM OVERRIDES EVERYTHING AND STARTS PLAYING MY MYSIC ON MAX VOLUME ??????? IN THE SILENT COMPUTER LAB ???? I’M BDJXJXJXJX
“Babe... what’s wrong? He’s gone now.” He kisses Frankwells forehead now. The poor guy... he really must have been shooken up.
no they’re doing this stupid thing where they drop the mv hours before the album
We have a whole lot of dandelions bc we live in the country and accidentally killed our lawn during a drought . Never bothered to reinstall. The deer like it better that way, anyway.
The fact that the earth is dying and nobody seems to give a fuck
So an investigation triggered by a fake dossier bought and payed for by the DNC and dragged out for 3 yrs to bring up nothing. Wasnt an attempt at a coup? Strozk saying he will stop Trump from getting elected and an insurance policy, wasnt either i guess!?
Consider the Source..Fox News.A Pastor Who Condones..,Lying, Cheating,Treason,Money Laundering..False Prophet! He WON'T Be Welcome in Heaven.. https://www.huffpost.com/entry/donald-trump-civil-war-impeachment-violence-removed-from-office_n_5d916a88e4b0019647aaa42d …
Looks like Gorka came back just as the Reichs Chancellory being destroyed.
You’re right I much prefer the spineless cowardly treacherous complicit GOP Republicans who are more than aware of Trump’s presidential failures but are way too chicken to stand up to him and stop him from defecating all over the USA, the constitution and the flag.
In law a man is guilty when he violates the rights of others. In ethics he is guilty if he only thinks of doing so. Immanuel Kant, Lectures on Ethics
if u know i wouldn’t do it 2 you, then tell me why the fuck would u do it 2 me
He did that already and lost, he needs 70% of the MP's to vote for it, Lab abstained as did the SNP and LibDems He can't get a majority for anything. 7 votes he has had, and 7 losses.
Putin May very well release the calls at some point if he finds it to his advantage in his war on America.
'I don't feel like I'm the lone speaker': Indigenous scholar at UWindsor thrilled all 5 hires were female | CBC News https://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/windsor/indigenous-scholars-uwindsor-ashley-glassburn-1.5302468?__vfz=medium%3Dsharebar …
Toxic? Im saying not worth the price. Dont be fanatic.
Thorgalona was sent to brood over the human plane, looking for a way through which the darkness could rule, slowly corrupting thoughts, and bending minds. Soon, he would break through. Soon.
She's starting to look old...or is that recognition of the trouble ahead?
Feeling sad for poor Chelsea who has to suffer embarrassment during the whole process
There is so much that the highest version of yourself is trying to bring to your attention. __ Stop and check in with yourself more often. Be quiet for just a few seconds. Witness the feelings you are having.…
THE AMERICANS CALENDAR STARTS ON 1/7 FUCK THE JEWS .
FRIENDLY FIRE TRAGEDY: As he wrestled with a #Binghamton man in the Bronx, an NYPD officer was hit by two shots fired by his partners. http://wnbf.com/?p=208390
i’ve done this unspoken thing for years where anytime somebody i follow posts a picture of them hunting/with a dead animal i immediately unfollow them. needless to say, i’ve unfollowed the majority of people from my hometown :’)
Klobuchar is an amoral careerist, anti worker centrist. The only reason she's not a Republican is she's pro choice> until it doesn't suit her
Show us the lame stuff. If anything, they're probably also cool to look at.
Reminds me of the classic “you have now angered the machine” https://youtu.be/7KvxOuC7Bhc
y’all ever sit at home and just watch music videos? shit hit diff than bumpin the song in the car lol
No I mean Keenum getting benched. Haskins obviously isn't ready, he's the one with chemistry with McLaurin from college and McCoy just sucks. I'm worried he's not going to see quality targets anymore
Just know....the rematch is because ? Why not. Seemed like something the fans wanted to see. So let’s get it. Regardless who you had the first time We gave you 2 classic joints
Try A Scare Moment From One Of The Best Horror Films Ever.... Burnt Offerings... (1976)
I can usually keep it together until I happen to think of the lifespan of my pets, and then I cry
This disgrace of a media has one side of the political isle thinking they have the moral high ground to shame and silence the other half of the country...no bigger divider of this country then the liberal media bias and the division they stoke daily.
This left the plane unguarded against the manipulation of the Darkness. the Darkness corrupted the corpse of Thorgalona, forcing it to bend to his will, and allowed it to sculpt wild beasts from the sand and the coal. Soon, they roamed the wastelands, aimless and feral.
He lies for a living. 12,000+ in the WH. He still can't understand why people don't believe his sh*t.
So you choosing the wrong answer even though you know you’re wrong just to prove a point... sounds good
saw a post on facebook and it just played with my head recalling all the fkin heart aches wtf bro not now i’ve yet to get my sleep
Please tell me that Lingard & Pogba have walked out of the club tonight, utter frauds!!!
st ships do u ship these couples? - Nopp - yeah, they’re cute - HELL YES - mmm yes - no what the fuck - yessss - nopp - yes Drop an emoji and I'll give you the couples
He tilts his head. "Does this mean all the Monastery students are weak? Does this mean Bylth and the professors are weak?"
I seem to remember a guy at the US Army War College doing some sort of crowdsourcing of problems in Go as he used it to teach cybersecurity. Was a Go move citsci project and also i'd imagine a recruitment tool given the source. I wonder if I still have the notes from his talk.
Bro he’s always shit in away games(especially big)... I remember Wenger’s last season.. Ozil was selecting games to play for Arsenal then after the Tico game, he went on a personal break for the WC only to have a bad outing and later retired. Idc about him anymore abeg
"Why would he be thinking that in the /first/ place?" His frown deepened. "Are we sure he abandoned it?"
The legal presumption is the person is there to do you harm. It’s not about defending your home. It’s about defending your life. She was the one breaching the home, nit the person who lives there. Lock her up.
Charles Being a simple man seeing what is in play by the Dems & Media is out right Lawless! The people of this nation see there crimes, Story's of LIES! All the crimes there playing against Trump are what they have done or are doing now? They really think were DUMB! Sad for them!
She was literally the reason why shadow helped defeat the biolizard at the end of SA2
dooms·day /ˈdo͞omzˌdā/ noun: doomsday; plural noun: doomsdays the last day of the world's existence. (in Christian belief) the day of the Last Judgment. a time or event of crisis or great danger. "in all the concern over greenhouse warming, one doomsday scenario stands out"
So the norm for women is not respecting yourself these days? That's strange.
Did any of you actually read the article? My criticism is of her 50s obsession, and wanting to have 4 kids to play 50s dress up with. I stand by my statement.
I was about to say, fucking Sinterklaas has nothing on the goofy shit America still gets into
 get rid of skilled based matchmaking and cross play it isn't fair for us mobile players going up against console and pc they have controllers we have fingers and a screen not fair I think I speak for most of the mobile community
awwwwwwww MISS U TOO RASTTT!!!!! Shhhh lang tayo pero hai yuhhhh the truth!!!!
Why would you ask a stupid question when no one is paying attention because they are fixated on the awesome impeachment BS?
  3.19 Cape May: Both Reddingtons there, remembering both Katarinas. Right-handed Red (R Red) and left-handed Katarina (L Kat) meet for the first time, he saves her, later talks her out of suicide, they fight. Genius! E.g. their DINNER conversation:
Maybe he just tweets some trade war FUD and continues to make money shorting the market - I think he could have a great week if he wants to
(Found the dragon form for this Kiara!) (Just how to have her turn into it for the first time, though-) (She’ll have to undergo a lot of stress and rage-)
Here we go the useless question go on and on for documents that  will say are fake, incomplete, have damaging info against , will go on for weeks and accomplish nothing but waste time and taxpayers money
Nothing like a nice upbeat movie on the bus down the road after a dramatic win & Shawshank Redemption is nothing like a nice upbeat movie
i’m scared for the preparation, i’m scared for the show, i’m scared for the aftermath,, i am scared
If whistleblowers can now make complaints based on hearsay, I have it from a trusted source in the NSA that Adam Schiff played a role in the helicopter death of a #StandardHotel manager to cover up unspeakable dregs. Which form do I use?
Russia is where he wants to go. He needs to go somewhere like Africa, Mexico, Venezuela. He needs to be made uncomfortable for the rest of his miserable life.
The truth is what have i see there is many Barca fans are fighting Pique and that why no one is siding with him.
Painfully earnest Whiskers the cat reminds constituents to call their senator
oh my, that avatar. It's so scary. Or stupid. Yeah, the second one.
This terrorist sympathizer has accepted.defeat and talks about defeating Mike Pence in the next election.
Ford purged a bunch of underperforming dealerships after 2008 crash. Harley did too. Damn dollar’s value gone down the terlet.
RT to do more damage to the hollow knight boss http://twitch.tv/nyftee
so are we not going to post the whole video? or is it not going to fit the continuous false narrative y’all want to put on camila? try again baby
Please ask the hard questions?? I think we as fans, deserve the answers some of the poor decisions that been made.
Like I hate to down part of the community but they could NOT be more self involved most times.
"--drunk!! Multiple times!! Until I apparently called him up while drunk and just- I was just a pathetic sobbing mess!!" He hiccuped now as the tears flowed like waterfalls. "I didn't know what to do!! I didn't want Ame to hate me, b-but I didn't want to lose North a-and- And--
I’m not sure who needs to hear this, but... ...yeah, you should hate yourself for treating her the way you did. You’re a sorry sack of shit & I hope you stub your pinky toe. Good talk
I get the impression her teasing was that thing adults do to crying children where they’re like “don’t smile!” so you’ll reflexively smile and then they can run off without dealing with your emotions. So yeah, he told her to stop. He knows what that shit is.
We know that this is a tough time tough for our customers.The fact is, only FOX Regional Sports Networks can choose to remove their content. FOX Regional Sports Networks are asking for an unreasonable price increase, by asking subscribers to pay for ch...
I dont want Trump part of McCains crooked deep swamp..i want my President to piss off the establishment and hes doing it for the PEOPLE
Home ownership can be a real bitch sometimes. This year has been very trying as a home owner. Countless plumbing issues & now my washing machine drain pipe won’t drain. It’s causing water to back up into my laundry room. I’ve snaked every vent on the roof. No luck. What’s next?!
You don't have to be a Trump supporter to see that Schiff blatantly lied and called it a parody. He blew a lot of credibility out of the Impeachment effort.
, you may be right. If  is impeached after the investigation, House and Senate trials, Trump will become irrelevant to the 2020 voting process. Can't wait for it to happen. Keep fighting!
The main male lead in one of my WIPs was inspired by lead guitarist, #ryansitkowski in appearance, but he's a serial killer not a musician. #motionlessinwhite
Guy at the grocery store asked my opinion at Kombucha. Never has my overly critical nature felt more important to the universe.
And obviously, the actual location of the building contributes to attendance figures. Where I live, if there isn't good public transport to and from the venue it can spell death for the show.
i have to face the hard truth that i’m hot as fuck and i’m never gonna get the chance to be completely single and focus on myself
waiting on the day my high school crush follows me back hahahah
the way i'm stressed out about having too many art supplies, i dont want this many
He’s doing what needs to be done. The democrats are just scared to death because they are going to be revealed for the rats that they are. You go AG Barr. Keep pushing.
 With the new iOS 13.1.2 my phone is no longer vibrating. I have to turn the ringer on in order for it to vibrate but when the ringer is off it does not vibrate
Cite one study, just ONE credible study, that lends truth to your assertion that absentee fathers are more of a problem within the Black community than elsewhere.
Horrific idea, he's not above the law, If this were to occur, trump would control the narrative, blame Dems & the Deep state for forcing him out, trumper's would believe him, our country would never heal
yoo i deadass hated being black and you would think it came from society's beauty standards but nah lmfao it was cause the only people that fucked with me were my own people
It’s amusing how you whine about living in the past then you bring up shit Rebecca and others allegedly said years ago. Fucking hypocrite.
Lots CPC vote-split cries here. Praddle on all you like... Your guy wouldn't even let him in the room. That is the outrage. Your wannabe leader blocks journalists period. David friggin Menzies. wow How's he gonna handle real, tough journalists?? What a weak leader. Pfft
the Republican party are the worst at Conspiracy Theories Country before party. Any politician Democrat or Republican break the law.. Get EM!
sometimes weird sexy motorcycle cockpit with gratuitous ass shots or whatever is kinda rad but it's gotta match the tone
No matter what color or race children and babies are they're all God's children. Putting children and babies in cages because of your prejudices  will assure you of the wrath of God. You and your lackeys are going down in flames.  is a racist phony!
Idc what anybody say ... The nigga gay for getting his ass ate
Fighting through the last hour and a half before wing night is torturous to this husky kid.
Plus we're in like season 6 because Trump years are twice as long, 100 times as horrible as non-Trump years. It's like trying to remember the name of Arya's kid friend who got killed all the way back in S1 of GOT, my head can't store it all??
Imagine how many broken phones there would be from being thrown into a wall of Mario kart allowed for us to fall off the track
So, with that action why should I support your side? What are you doing that says you're for anything? Yelling that an old lady is a Nazi only reinforces the fact the real Nazis are antifa. Don't like, act better.
The gym is NOT a date omggg. Like quit f***in around, I’m trynna get that squat rack
Congrats, you made it onto a thread composed of racism, racial prejudice and making fun of people's dead relatives You win... me holding you to the same standard as those people
Hell, get those & you’ll just need to cop the other parts separate.
eu acho essa entrevista tão fofa, o rob é muito doido kkkkkkkkkk Robert Pattinson & Mia Wasikowska Answer the Web's Most Searched Questio... https://youtu.be/7Y0RyoZcJ30 via
That poor shower Aunty Lotu is like “who tf is splashing all the water everywhere?!”
Stupidity away!! Whoever came up with the doctrine of "M.A.D" should have been locked up for being to crazy to be allowed out in the world. It is pure and utter stupid brought to life. The fact that we allow this to continue...Meh Proof our race shouldn't have these weapons.
And not all lies are the same. Trump does lie,but most are silly lies. Obama’s lie was damaging to a lot of people thst wanted to keep their old insurance. I’m less upset about trump lying on size of inauguration crowd than I would on telling us we can keep our insurance.
Sorry, but a chain that derives almost all its income from retailing sugar, salt, chemicals, and fats to the (willingly) unhealthiest people on Earth is not going to save the environment.
Dan Rather, that may be the worst thing I have heard, seeing the news you have covered in your life time. Now I'm even more worried than before.
I’m gonna stay talking my shit because at the end of the day, I STAY untouched.
Another life just lost in #California. #POTUS, please end the suffering. #BackfireTrump
Very shoddy. Poor technology back then mate. Absolute mugs... I’d rock up with an ak and blow the old Japanese clean away. #usa #usa #usa I don’t know how hashtags work. #Murica
...if lying is the prerogative of populists, should we assume Francois Mitterrand, Jacque Chirac, Bill Clinton, Tony Blair, Harold Wilson, Harold Macmillan, Indira Ghandi, Lyndon Johnson, Jack Kennedy ... & Jeremys Thorpe & Corbyn are all honest? #Absurd
Grieve certainly has parted from the majority of the U.K. people, and democracy.
I got this piggy backpack because it’s the right shape to chop up and paint for my Zim costume but I almost feel bad about it.... him... cute....
I’m just worried he might try to start a war! I have two kids in the military
#DemocRats are like to much toilet paper in the John. Trump is here with the Drano and plunger to flush this crap down. #DrainTheSwamp #Trump #impeachment #KAG2020 #Covfefe
Nah bro, never been in a fight-lol... Didnt survive a drive by shooting the night before my birthday... Didnt grow up in the hood in a gang infested neighborhood... Didnt lose any friends in the race wars... Never been to Central Jail in downtown L.A... ..nice try bro. Bye
Ross comes in and Javy goes I swear I will put so much mumbo jumbo ju ju black magic all over this team!
Maaaaan....Could have been UpUp! Instead just a victim of toxic masculinity. We dropped the ball!
I don't know, but either way the end result will be forced
This is a fact because in Asia, people look up to their elders while Americans disrespect theirs. That's the reason old people in America want to see us burn in this country
Take Pence out first. No Pardon for the Orange Shit Gibbon. Immediately follow with Trump. Then Barr, then Pompeo, then Kavanaugh and every other non-qualified appointment to the bench.
i punched a grown ass man in the pit at all time low for touching 16 year old girls asses and y’all think i WONT actually do shit if i see y’all dumbasses at shows
tw// blood my cat is sleeping on me right now and she’s having a dream. she must be killing something because her claws are scratching me on my shoulder. im glad i have a high pain tolerance because i can feel the blood dripping into my armpit
if d*nelles bf hurts her we are preforming male genecide on every male ever (except for the legacies cast, bill hader, and jordan)
Sell to some tech sociopath Watch the bubble burst Buy your old house at pennies on the dollar at a foreclosure auction You’ve just wiped out your mortgage payment with money that doesn’t even exist
The Artiste, formerly known the Painting Pastor is posting on this thread. This MAGA guy has been her cheerleader and apologist. And she IS a Gatekeeper. SMH Reminds me of when she tried to take the high ground when wingnut called you crazy Jen.
Oh see we can’t drink together, these are the poor choices i approve of
Except that's a lie. "Approximately 1,800 children and adolescents still die of cancer each year in the United States." https://www.cancer.gov/types/childhood-cancers/child-adolescent-cancers-fact-sheet …
I’m going to the wrong school for the wrong major...
The Nazis confiscated virtually all of the Rothschild's holdings. They haven't been nearly as wealthy as they once we're since World War II.
Cathy torments her step-brother after the torture of their brother with the help of a cruel union.
Bad Boys up your bum Hot Fuzz up your bum Bumblebee up your bum The Shining up your bum #ruinafilmbyaddingupyourbum
I only have the Eagles SB to hang my hat on, the Leafs don't like to make it out of the 1st round
Anything beats fake conservatives who want to protect those on both sides of the aisle of enriching themselves and their families at the expense of taxpayers
That's weird considering they hung tough on Oregon all game. They are very physical on both sides of the ball but have zero QB.
Disaster By The Seasonal Affair http://listen.samcloud.com/w/69880/UrCity-Radio- …
No Fast Food October has begun, Go Radio is back, and Civil War is on the horizon, let’s get it lol
I don’t be wanting to see porn at all on the TL but the last thing I wanna do Is be at work, scrolling the TL and see that shit
honestly, in January this year I had no idea what the fuck 2019 would bring me but I was so fucking upbeat...then Dad died, I ate my feelings and ended up back in New Zealand on an extended vacation
First of all, why are you allowing your kid to wave a toy gun like its nothing. Im more concerned about the kid having a gahdamn fire arm fake or not
OFFREZ-MOI LE LIVRE DE JANE DANS JANE THE VIRGIN JE VEUX LE LIRE (il s’appelle Snow Falling )
Meanwhile combustible tobacco kills nearly 500k per year. But let’s ignore that because that’s where the money is.
Presidente de Mexico, senadores, diputados y ciudadanos en general: No a la mutilación del parque ecologico las pilas en Metepec por parte de la alcaldesa G. - Sign the Petition! http://chng.it/4n4HWpJL via
Two “pocket tankers” sitting 3 miles offshore from Nome all summer long. City of Nome has a 7% sales tax for fuel  at the port. #akleg oil is refined in Pusan SK is it Iranian crude?
Fun fact: Seb Gorka was also employed by the White House when he was a fugitive in Hungary with an arrest warrant out for him for firearms related offenses.
No it’s real he’s getting impeached and removed at the same time -he didn’t read the US Constitution nor did his handlers and Bill Barr needs to resign  he’s gone down a path that doesn’t have a u-turn ,just like Michael Cohen chose to do.
I know the following statement is gonna seem a little out there but hear me out - ever since the new iPhone release, my phone’s camera has started FLOPPING. In ways it never used to - like the quality has been so bad. How is that even possible
do you see what I was saying bc the phrase smoking gun and this is gun and smoking thing
why do i make myself so depressed IN THE MIDDLE OF THE DAY WTFF :(
attempting to post an unedited pic of my bikini body on instagram is one of the most anxiety inducing things I’ve attempted to do in a while
The Democrats are hysterical with panic because Donald Trump is going to win in 2020. This Witch Hunt Part 2 stinks to the high heavens. And NO ONE buys any of it. #DrainTheDeepStateSwamp #DemocratsAreCorrupt #DemocratsAreDestroyingAmerica #Trump2020
So she sold her soul for a job? And now is actively participating in white privilege to justify the killing of a fellow African American?
I'll put it in the style of your profile to make it easier for you. Ontario hockey #Leafs God-hating atheist Canadian. Leftist son of now-former conservatives. Arm chair philosopher who does not quote the bible in the same breath as insulting my fellow peers and equals on earth
Only problem I have is they could get lost in the shuffle! NXT already has a juggernaut roster.
The other difference is that we didn’t throw a big baby tantrum every freaking day after Obama became President. Nor did we make stuff up to try and get him impeached.
I have been operating on a baseline mood of seething rage today and I'm not entirely sure why.
I stopped drinking 8 years ago but I never get any comments. I’ve heard other people say the same thing as you though. I think people just assume the seltzer in my cup is a drink. People maybe sometimes ask me why I don’t drink but that wouldn’t bother me so I don’t remember.
NARRATOR: The impeachment was because Clinton lied under oath. It’s called “perjury.” People go to jail for that.
Hope so. Yesterday is the worst I’ve felt in a long time and have felt I’m a bit overwhelmed more often recently. Possibly just all the changes with moving and being back studying, it’s been a busy few months. X
Ignoring what appears to be both of them having attended the same training camp & having been indoctrinated by the same man. Anyone else find it astonishing, the similarities between the (un)stable (and most definitely not a) genius and our man in no.10?
"We've gone through Hell and back." Bob Biadasz and his family can't catch a break. Today the family that advocates for farm safety after their son's death lost a hay barn to a fire. https://www.wsaw.com/content/news/Fire-destroys-barn-at-Biadasz-Farms-in-Portage-Co-561798871.html …
I’m sick and am kind of low key considering rewatching the pumpkin carving video before I go back to sleep
I'm not deserving of your love Lord, I've done many mistakes, I've been lacking faith before, but you never failed me. even at my worst, you were there for me, even in the most impossible things, you made it possible. thank YOU so much Lord, without YOU, things will be miserable.
SIGH...I was UPSET at work last week bcuz someone who has worked with me for over a year thought...we were the same person.
I don’t know if they are only getting the poles from rich or what but we all know he broke the law and should not be called president he should not be in office he should be in a cell with Bubba combing his hair.
Just read the original tweet...it was about the Jones hit. Allen was a running back on that play that ducked prior to the tackle....violent hit-YES...garbage- hell no
ive already pissed in the sink, and im ready for raids
Do you know how sad it is that young black girls would pick white dolls instead of black ones to play w/ even though they had the exact same features, because subconsciously they thought dark skin was ugly So yes representation nowadays matters...it matters a lot.
The president has admitted to multiple felonies in print (on Twitter) and on video. Call Congress back and remove him and all his enablers including Barr, Pence and McConnell NOW.
Half the cabinet are just acting, not confirmed. I don't think it would be legal. No 25 th
Best news I’ve heard yet. We are dying. Committing suicide. Walking on fractured feet without knowing because the overall chronic pain is uncontrolled and excruciating enough to mask fractures! Someone please help us!
I agree, the war that is going on is be fought behind the scenes and on the computer. The thought of Civil War would decimate most of the United States. The fear I have is located in Dearbron, MI. This is culturally different and will become extreme. #WWG1GWA
I don't want to know what the last leg of the journey was like...
Four years ago today I was sitting in the Forest Acres Police department morning with my brothers and sisters over Officer Alia’s death. Thanks to  and her mission, your story and sacrifice will never be forgotten! RIP Greg
The conversation she was having was with me. And I brought up how ridiculous of a name Gardner Minshew is. But feel free to keep being a dick because you don't like her because you also saw a screenshot about her job that you also don't understand.
Reporting a false crime is already against the law. The punishment varies from 1 yr probation, 1 yr jail time, fines and it goes on your criminal record.
Maybe but much more likely a weak attempt at cover from the incoming storm. The end is near and they are desperate. God bless #WWG1WGA
Forced? Think it's expedient. Cut corners. Get the job done.
Problem with the day to day part is that plenty of injuries are listed as day to day
Narcs didn't realize that they would get lit up in the racist local buy sell trade but we see youuuuuuuu
Isn’t it entirely understandable that such a person may swear etc? Ppl who dismiss victims on the basis of voice hearing are themselves doing much harm.
Am I crying because I’m revising an emotional scene for my thesis or am I crying because I’m listening to ’s album while I write? The world may never know.
I am in Bowling Green, and this place is exactly as disjointed and phantasmal feeling as you would expect given that it is famous for being the place where a nonexistent event didn't happen
Waiting impatiently to find out how #JeffreyEpstein is really connected to Barr and his family. Did daddy Barr have a flavor for young kids? Did W Barr have the same problem on liking young kids?
 who the fuck are you to demand the PRESIDENT be removed from twitter
If you have to keep telling a person the same shit they dgaf about you or what you saying
His nerve. I would have folded up and blown away at the level of attacks and he just gets stronger.
Seconded on display issues. Got a current MacBook version that keeps screen flickering on occasion. Not too big of an issue but it’s a testament to how much lower the bar has gotten
Visual aid to help you here, Newt. You are the man talking. I am the one rolling her eyes. You are not fooling anyone but yourself with this nonsense.
Unfortunately the liberal media, IMO, is aiding in steering this country into one.....
Stop dwelling on past. Release all the regret, remorse, anger, hate and resentment. Let go of all the negativity. Move on.
 No shock about Barr but still so sad and disappointing for our country. A grown man in the last third of his life carrying water for an unscrupulous, greedy leader who doesn’t give two craps for anything but his bank account his fragile ego and his brand. #Watergateredux.
Can’t blame her. Her officers are the ones risking their lives because of your selfish and moronic agenda.
Damn wtf ain’t they supposed to give u a ten day leave ? Well I’m the marines they would I think that’s sunt asf tho
Every minor inconvenience you could ever face as a vegan, multiply that bad feeling by about 40,000 to feel what it would be like to be born as "the wrong species.”
Why is such a want to let everyone know you got money or how you get it back in the day niggas wanted to hide the fact they did what they did or got what they got
Dissing X was the worst thing you coulda done I fucked w ur music heavy before that smh
http://reddit.com/r/braincels was banned from Reddit. The largest incel "site", which had tens of thousands of users. http://Incelistan.net (my and Nicks site), incels dot co (Randy and Alephs site), and love-shy dot com (Mr. Cs site) are accepting former users.
Very misleading because Shazier went down because of lowering his helmet trying to make a tackle. Had nothing to do with it being a “heated game”. No cheap shots during the play.
And apparently they sent him down and hour and a half before I wrote this. Am I allowed to blame the Twitter algorithm for putting this thread way before the other news?
OH ACTUAL ????? FAST HEAL ON THE DOME SHIELD SOUNDS SCARY AS SHIT ACTUALLY
Rebuke me for what I am about to tweet if you must, but Isabelle Huppert would have deserved the Oscar if she had played the role of Mia as opposed to she-who-shall-not-be-named stealing Isabelle Huppert's Oscar.
So, is the Confused Colonel show making a comeback for homecoming week? It needs to!
Still no 2000$and was one of the first 20 to reply
Never played a game with the Cubs and was out of the org by July!
I went to ’like’  ‘s video, and the heart and RT were just gone. Glad I caught it. Crazy how desperate they are to stop the
big bang theory is literally The Worst i can't believe i have to put up with this every monday
How about we just not have a president for a while. Just leave the White House empty for like 6 months cause all you mf’s annoying
Commentary: How we can use the current crisis in politics and Christianity to reclaim Jesus http://www.airiters.com/commentary-how-we-can-use-the-current-crisis-in-politics-and-christianity-to-reclaim-jesus/ …
I am speechless & overwhelmed by the wickedness of so many humans.
Millennial culture is buying a full sheet set but only using the pillowcases and the fitted sheet (unless company is coming to visit, then you throw that flat sheet on to pretend you've got your shit together)
The lighting in here is poor but Eldritch Blaaaaaast!
“Pain is an inextricable thread in the fabric of life, & to tear it out is not only impossible, but destructive: attempting to tear it out unravels everything else with it.” #TheSubtleArtOfNotGivingAFuck
AFTER NONE STOP HYPERBOLIC HYSTERIA FOR 3 YRS FROM THE LEFT, HERE'S MORE OF THE SAME. BIG FUCKING SURPRISE! TOO BAD  ALREADY PRODUCED LETTER FROM AUSTRALIANS PROVING THIS STORY IS JUST MORE LAMESTREAM MEDIA LIES #InvestigateTheDemocrats #InvestgateTheInvestigators
I met a dude who's married like me we fucked the other day and he kept telling me, it's like I'm not even real lol idk why he says that but... I can say that I'm no one you would suspect to like men, even my wife didn't believe me when I told her
Only because over 95% of the CS are remoaners. Most of CS is now Millennial Staffed, complete with insecurities, incapabilities, naivety and university indoctrination. I felt under continuous scrutiny as a middle aged man in a mostly shouty feminist "inclusive, PC" workforce.
Genuinely don't get the rave/EDM kid hate dude. Grow the fuck up and let people like what they like
So nobody in the complex can complain about not having Thanksgiving dinner
See belly dancer belle... Some if you are in the wrong profession
Messaging my bestfriend the other day reminded me that in May 2021 I’ll be turning 30 the same month I’ll officially be able to say I have my MSW hopefully..to think some thought once I had a son at 19 I wouldn’t finish undergrad let alone getting a master’s degree
Believe me or don't I got told by a teacher of mine who's son works for the mariners. He was told by the cubs clubhouse that the reason they suck is cuz the clubhouse is in an uproar because happ had an affair with Ben's wife.
Emoluments, Bump stock ban, further attacks on the #1/2/4/5/7/10/14A's. Fascist hits on private enterprise on twitter, hereby orders, i could go on. With that being said, what the left has to offer is horrifying as well.
The killing of a Polish man exposes the reality of post-referendum racism | Jakub Krupa https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/sep/05/death-arkadiusz-jozwik-post-referendum-racism-xenophobes-brexit-vote?CMP=share_btn_tw …
total and complete shut down of the executive branch until we find out what the hell is going on
Is this copycat bullshit the kind of stuff #BET wants you to pay extra extra for? #BetPlus #TheOvalOnBET #Scandal #Scamdal
i don’t need this kind of negativity in my life on turn off the light vol 2 eve
...and why Elon put the serious in-cabin filtering in the cars.
And, like, understandably. It's extraordinarily stressful just to *be* right now. I've heard from quite a few mental health professionals that I know that they feel out of their depth trying to address the rising baseline stress level of, well, almost everyone.
Even though it's just a simple hug but it can ease the pain
The democrat socialist are now saying the transcript is fake. If  had the details of the call before the transcript was released. She should produce the details so Americans can do a comparison.
Me All the damn time,sometimes i know deep down that i don't mean it but i say it anyway
LIES. lies. Lies. Lies. Lies. And she knows it. We all. Know it. I have the reCEIPTS babes!
What has it got to do with the Tories? TC run into the ground by a bunch of Germans! Take your protest to Brussels/ Berlin!
Do you remember when you read the crap Repubs said about Obama and thought "are they serious?". Now you read stuff about Trump and have to fact check to make sure it's not.
#RT : The greed of Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan, Citigroup and BlackRock is insatiable. Who cares if the Saudis are starving millions of Yemeni civilians or that our planet faces a climate emergency? Profiting off of $1.5 trillion in Saudi oil is j… https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/middle_east/as-backlash-fears-fade-major-firms-are-returning-to-saudi-arabia-a-year-after-khashoggis-killing/2019/09/30/db73829a-defb-11e9-be7f-4cc85017c36f_story.html …
New link to my commentary from yesterday (changed my Facebook username after over a decade); did  hurt my feelings or not? Read and you be the judge:
If he was thinking about scale he should have thought about the effect his words have on others. By making this about RMS "being weird" he effectively discarded and denied all of the sexual harassment and other bad behavior from RMS. That has a chilling effect on the industry.
"Initially, Americans bucked against disposability... Soldiers rioted in 1917 when the communal tin cup for water was replaced with disposable paper cups. Such waste was seen as abhorrent." https://discardstudies.com/2014/07/09/modern-waste-is-an-economic-strategy/ … h/t
You've lost the younger generations,    You are finished. Keep digging your hole. You might find another Trump at the bottom.
Not her house--not her right! Take her badge, gun, & credentials--then send her to the TDOC!
Thank you, I'll subscribe and keep those as a reference point. Thank you again for giving me a reason to listen to what you have to say. I know I'm not 100% right all the time, but insults and a million people shouting at me sure doesn't help to convince me where I'm wrong.
The names inmate give themselves on Facebook kill me lol “hunna kap”
my dumbass thought of kibum, like the one from shinee
she’s constantly exhausted between work and attending to the toddler and spraying the monster that the kid thinks lives under his bed. she wants to find her soulmate but she has no time to meet people. I hate how realistic the sims is when I don’t play with cheats lol.
Actually, #dimwit he's picking up the Mueller investigation but actually going to the source of the crime. All of a sudden the scumbag left forgot about 2 years of Russia Russia Russia
Protecting the Right to Hate and Ignore the poor and Vulnerable. #ProsperityGospel #CruelBastards #MoneyGrubbingReligion #LNPfail
Yep. See it all the time in my neighborhood. Very depressing.
Me : let’s go to Christmas in the oaks Rashad : we ain’t got no kids
The 30th Day of Smashtember we meet Banjo & Kazooie, the legendary Bear and Bird duo who defeated Gruntilda. Banjo & Kazooie - Banjo-Kazooie - Rare - Gregg Mayles
So the summer was basically a race between coordinating with Ukraine and Australia and setting up a roadblock to prevent that from happening. Roadblock failed.
I was just mentioning this scene to my wife as we were watching a documentary on the Exorcist. The expression on Regan's face as the green vomit flows from her mouth is terrifying and this scene might just be the most haunting and underrated scene in the film.
I am starting to pack for the move at the end of the month and I straight up have TOO MUCH SHIT
It’s an absolute joke. I just can’t wait until it’s all over which ever way it pans out. It’s so boring. Everyone is as bad as the next and just doing it for themselves and their ego.
First epi is the return to the e battlefield with me and  Some 14 yr old weirdos are doin it on the tl and it needs to be stopped
Road running when I leave the house , I bring that check home
 Watch this vital video as Dr. Richard Wolff describes the proven inherent failure of Capitalism that is structured 4 failure because of its systemic flaws that always puts the fruits of labor in the hands of the few while ruining the lives of the many.
“The day we stop making mistakes is the day we stop living.”
Looking to borrow the movie #Michael starring #JohnTravolta and #JeanStapleton ...but alas, they don’t have it :( ( Public Libraries - Northview branch in Oshawa, ON)https://www.swarmapp.com/c/8KQViL8Otyv
Well then it should change, she is a moderator at a national debate and he is the chief strategist top adviser for Justin Trudeau who will participate in the debate, you think this is ok, I beg to differ and so do a hell of a lot of other Canadians
 i literally just queued for 5 minutes for a solo lobby with 80 people in it. There were only 5 people left in the 3rd zone. Your matchmaking is broken.
Terrified that he’s gone, she fled as fast as she could far away not even caring it’s storming. With him gone, she felt completely alone as she fell on her knees crying in sync of the raging storm
Because half of the particular fandom in questions sucks possessed ass
Carry the weight, broken and chained. All of my suffering on display. Is there solace in this struggle?
I mean, obviously this is kind of a silly example but he's still right. We lost a LOT of freedom after 9/11 and that was the exact kind of stupid knee jerk reaction that terrorists love.
I got 5 announced enemies while fighting billy the anointed and let me tel you that was fun
BITCH I’m dying at 4chan soundcloud also I might go for the free chicken
$198 million at 3% and $202 million at 2% if $15 million is paid out over 14 years at equal payments. The loss of AAV is only on the deferred amounts.
Trump wasn't chosen by the people. He lost the popular vote, douchebag. And the House is using its constitutional authority to rein in a lawless criminal.
If you're curious, search "Bris problematic" and vids will show up. Watch the vid InternetsNathan did.
Jingle mcdingleberry. Long lost cousin of the famous legend, Hingle
I got out of #RamboLastBlood. I was unfortunately very disappointed in it. While Sylvester Stallone gives it his all and there's some solid action towards the end it stumbles with a script that feels like a rough first draft.
worked on an editorial shoot the last two days that have me SPENT, but seeing the (unedited) pictures at the end of the day had me misty eyed.
Omygawd nobody is answering- i was watering the cattle - phone - ive bwen packed all dqy- i could just cry
Descargar The Walking Dead Temporada 10 Español Latino & Sub Español por MEGA https://www.bytewarez.net/descargar-the-walking-dead-temporada-10-mega-latino-hd/ …
Our carbon tax is too low to reduce emissions. 9 cents here in BC, the highest in the country. Our emissions have risen 5 of the last 7 years. Canada's emissions rose in 2017 over 2016.
I don't recall  ever having written an article, not one, about Trump's long history of bankruptcy and fraudulent behavior BEFORE the election.
Yes!!!!!!!! Karine and we have tweeted  to take down as  incite violence and we have "Reported" the tweets and let's remember
Is advertising immoral: A deep dive into the ethics of advertising
Does anyone remember when you would do something bad at school and the other kids would point at you and go "UH MUH MUH MUH", or did the government implant that into my mind?
Doc would be a start witness. He, after all, was there in the desert, as Wash's prisoner after being beaten and dragged all over the planet. The reds would be good defense in that the temple operation being conducted in the desert wasn't all in the legal up and up anyway.
Can't run to sustain a drive on 4th and 1; refuse to move out the pocket to avoid drive killing sacks; turnover #7 in 4 games....that's somebody's else fault?? Clown!!
starting to get jealous of those magazines in the seatback pocket.
If it is standalone with no network access it is not a server. I agree about the reason they are avoiding the use of the word server and it's not based on careful computer-science terminology.
Last weeks news. All the while removing California's regulations at cutting automobile emissions which will cost billions$$$
i just wish the kitty wasn’t so drugged up i know that’s sometimes what it takes to give them haircuts or nail trims but it still hurts my heart a lil
Well the whole basis of it is because thats what he's doing to the President & this is how you combat these kinds of people.but I've found over the course of 3 days that talib is a sick twisted dude who spends his time creating division... He's a drama queen ruining society.
Same here! Just pressed the brakes as hard as I could, no swerving.
stealing k*nd bars from v*ce is my own little contribution to the revolution
I hate being pushed the response is never good or pleasant.
Are you thinking about me? Coz the scent you left behind on my body is driving my mind crazy. #poetry #nightthoughts #words #him #writing
So it’s week 1 of classes and I just heard a girl talking on the phone saying “I’m so stressed out” and like , same?
This is the lowest thing I've seen in a while. To threaten a defenseless elderly woman is painful to see.
What a lot of Rubbish, the Hill is the enemy of the American people
Counterpoint, the quarry has gotten far less appealing as well. People with high standards are having difficulty finding others with equally high standards.
The LORD [is] far from the wicked: but he heareth the prayer of the righteous. (Proverbs 15:29)
The City That Never Sleeps ... #Beautiful New York, New York #brooklyn #brooklynheights #ny #nyc #journey #adventure #travel #family #iny #brooklynpromenade #nofilter #gibbshasty #gibbshastyartist #photography…
Tell Swaim he can stop the rain dance anytime now. #sarcasm #blameSwaim
exactly!!! bts didn’t pave the way for anyone cause everyone after them keeps flopping they paved the way for themselves and then blocked the way cause they set the bar so high nobody could compare after
Special kevlar glove to reduce extraneous finger twitching. Monitoring system to catch them when alone. If the innocent MUST die to kill the evil, consider that you will then be the more evil of the two?!?
Please. She’s already had the job for 3725384727 years and hasn’t done a damn thing
i know, you are amazing, the hate it's just sucker like the people
"I did not know that I was so empty, to be so full." - The Last Unicorn #quote
We read Huck Finn and To Kill a Mockingbird in high school. My teacher warned us about the word being in both books ahead of time and said that she would be using the term ‘n-word’ in reading and discussion. She also offered alternative books for anyone who wanted them.
bitches will curve you when you got the pure intentions then double back when you ain't shit
He said he answered customer questions. I heard an insurance broker on the radio say until you pass the tests you can't work with customers. Sounds like he broke the rules and maybe the law.
There will literally be blood in the streets. This will haunt them till the end of days
Apparently, the thought police have it blocked in the US.
I am so frustrated with the whole impeach President Trump narrative! I don’t believe our president has done anything wrong!! I feel this is the Deep State fighting with everything they can to get rid of this president. I don’t trust our CIA or FBI and that is so sad!
I wonder if getting the back of your thighs tatted hurts only one way to find out
Why Is The [DS] Panicking? One Word Best Describes It “TREASON” The Mocking Bird Media Are Colluding With The [DS]To Push there Ludicrous Agenda,To Impeach POTUS Trump. IT’S DOOMED TO FAIL. Leaving The [DS]Open To Criminal Charges Of TREASON.. https://youtu.be/CBahlLQqyiE via
George , No one is taking you seriously and you will not shelter Kelly Anne out of this or rewrite everything you did in the 90s with Roger Stone and the rest of the ratfuckers when Scaife funded you.This is on YOU and we won't forget
Where are the police in this situation??Total Harassment!!Should be arrested!!
As China is celebrating 70 years they must look on at disgrace as their small trading partner Australia is swamped by the worst leadership in history.
This didn’t start with Ole. Actually he has improved the squad since he came in. It will take a while for us to challenge any decent teams. There is no doubt this is the rock bottom we’ve ever been but we will bounce back. Let’s be patient and watch the transformation!
It's sneaky of  to charge you $30 and send your ccard to your home without giving you the option to collect it at a branch. I'm not impressed.
lit rally can’t tell if this is sarcasm but the WORST thing that happened was the intro of the mv wasnt put into the songs studio version and that hurt
Hi there. We're disappointed to hear that your online order isn't ready at the promised pick up time. Which Panda do you frequently order from?
Clinton was impeached because he lied under oath. Don't get me wrong, who gives a shit about Monica. But the phone transcript of the Actual phone call shows nothing illegal, nothing improper. Period.
Now I need to go punish myself by watching all the Struggles.
Trying to think of quick ways to get money so I can buy tickets to the  and somehow arrange it so  and I could get married on the cruise because I’m selfish and that’s how I want it. >:)
Atheism is a rejection of theism. That’s it. Atheism has no claims - it simply rejects YOUR preposterous claims. Everything else, particularly the drivel you spout, is nothing but a diversionary tactic to lead people away from the simple truth above, and you fucking know it is.
Interesting, they Draw block the "backside" and I know they do that on maybe Duo and some others; Buffalo's aggression on Pass Rush is what allows Sony to hit it on the cutback. Just not sure if it was designed cutback or not.
Since 1945, when national presidential approval polling started, Trump has the LOWEST rating of all! https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/trump-approval-ratings/ …
And birthday wishes for me. All birthday wishes to me must be in the form of cake or insane gifs.
I understand that FA is a HEEL faction but, everyday I hear hate about the faction legit the most annoying thing I hear in ro wrestling sigh
Mr. Braeden the thought of you being killed is most unsettling even if kayfabee! Can’t wait to see resolution!
I also blocked an anon looking account with 22 followers, zero tweets and one incest account of the 22. Yeah. No thank you. I totally associated that with you know, incest. Call me crazy
I am not surprised that you would defend our President. That exemplifies your character as I perceive it. However, Your defense of the deviant who holds that position puzzles me. Where is your limit?
I think the polls are worthless! They most likely skewed the questions. For instance - "As the Honorable Democratic party thinks Donald Trump is the most horrible and corrupt president ever elected in American history and thinks he should be impeached, don't you agree?"
 is a wuss. Throw a drink in someone's face and then run away while some is sitting on the ground receiving medical attention. No class.
He was on my brother in laws crew. Sad to hear of the accident. Terrible circumstances
Thats because she is stupid as a donkey. And I apologize to the donkey
satan will give you a long time out in the corner to think about why you didn't worship God more and ended up in the lake of fire with him.
o ar ta diferente só pode ser panic at the disco entre nos
You are a liar. The transcript proves he extorted no one. The American people do not subscribed to the Alinsky rule of repeating a big lie over and over. It doesn't become the truth to us. It just shows you as a liar.
Why didn’t he just respond to that instead of the tweet about him making a racist joke
Your foolish ego has caused million fans pain and affected the table you're nothing but a fucking clown
also how the fuck is simon also 14, this kid looks 12
A whistle blower is not the same as a personal accuser and I know what he asked for because the loud mouthed idiot tweeted it. What part of my very simple observations is giving you so much trouble? No secret codes needed or anything.
girl you already know ain’t messing with the tongue flick shit, where the sloppy toppy?!
I guess Trump is bad for the ones who don't want to work. The one who DO couldn't be happier.
No that non scientist engineer pictured is BS, and why do you have problems with the truth?
Bloody Arrogant Hildebeest aka The Screeching Pantsuit
too far, we need ur foolishness in the flesh. in our presence. class is so boring and so STRAIGHT! literally no one does or says anything gay and it’s draining me. my soul is being sucked out by hets. we need u. I NEED U
Isnt that the movie where that dude finds his dead dog under the porch?
I can't wait to see how everyone will be walking on the street in the morning being infected with  #Joro virus. joro joro, joro owo joro... joro joro, joro omo joro.
Your players are scared of OT when nothing even Dey the place again
I think I’m just gonna be honorary auntie for the babies because I really have no intention/plan of having my own offspring.
holy shit! keenum had a trash oline when we went 13-3, why cant he do that in denver or washington, he isnt a good qb, stop the keenum talk already
Freshman Volleyball defeats Pinconning to sweep the JPC Quad tonight!
****The fact that Democrats are more angry at Donald Trump for looking into Joe Biden's corruption than they are at Joe Biden's corruption, tells you everything you need to know**** #QuidProJoe
I have watched their vlogs everyday no matter what for the past 7-8 years!! Our First BOODLE FIGHT in Vancouver! - itsjudyslife https://youtu.be/4uK_fUWpT4I via
Spelling error: The fraud is strong in my family #TrumpCrimeFamily
Given that the Confederates committed insurrection against the United States, it should be legal to torch their houses, right? Remind them of General Sherman and what insurrection brings? I'm kidding, but only as long as they are. Rep. Schiff isn't the one playacting at treason.
Full offense but if I openly communicate the ways that your actions & words have hurt me & you choose to ignore my truth bc it challenges you, then I won’t feel bad for removing you. I don’t have time for immaturity, manipulation, projection or passive behavior, believe that.
knocked him down? aww. stupid pansy needs to stay home.. kill it mans answer to everything. this bear is not even a danger, stupid hiker prolly tripped over the bear
Those laws apply to *your own* home or property, not when you’re the culprit breaking into someone else’s home and murdering them.  bark bark bark
Wallace is probably familiar with the 'illusion-of-truth effect' and doesn't want to allow proven falsities to be propagated on his program.
Even through the darkest days this fire burns always
HIM: WHAT’S ON THE MENU TONIGHT ME: SMOTHERED PUSSY AND TITTY TOTS
Ppl cheering on YG and Kehlani’s relationship when I find it very confusing. Sis said “5 years in the making” when she was linked to other ppl and they both just had a baby... with other ppl I wonder how the BM feels I would be embarrassed asf
can’t get enough of the bullying she came back for more, logic
Even if you guys are mate the use of “Guy” is derogatory and rude to a total stranger, please people learn to address fellow tweeps
#Sales #Marketing #Podcast - Selling Across Channels and Industries: Hitting Your Number No Matter the Conditions via ://salespipelineradio.com/e/selling-across-channels-and-industries-hitting-your-number-no-matter-the-conditions/ …
I used to have 555 but being the neighbor of the beast isn't all its cracked up to be. Loud parties at odd hours. Also, Liz tells me winter is coming and it's hell on earth.
Bob was drunk on power and stopped planning for the future because he thought he would die in office and hand over to Grace. They must repossess all the illegally acquired farms as well
The Senate should not entertain the democrats crazyness! Say no to ever thing ! They are the father of lies !
The level of violence is higher in Hong Kong than in Catalunya. Also, police brutality has been higher and more continued over time, although Spain has been way less selective on their targets.
Lies. Those who hate Trump  take their orders from Isis and the Islamic Agenda.
Not where I live, but I’d be ok with that...in principle. In practice, it’s too expensive because the sentence is rarely carried out. Nonetheless, rape is torture.
POD SAVE THE WORLD hosted by  and . These guys were in Obama's White House, and know their shit when it comes to talking about foreign policy. I never knew how fascinating foreign policy could be, and I blame them both wholeheartedly.https://crooked.com/podcast-series/pod-save-the-world/ …
Maaaaan can I just name em? All the “Halloween Town” movies, Scary godmother, Ginger Snaps, Any Zombie Flick... the list goes on tbh
“Here are the facts: - 100 wrestlers were sexually molested under a coach’s watch - Jim Jordan was the coach - Jim Jordan says he was not aware - Jim Jordan was either deaf, blind or dumb!!!”
The democrats aren't the ones involving the entire executive branch in bribing foreign nation's to get dirt on political opponents to alter U.S. elections. THAT'S TREASON
When you're eating in the breakroom on company time and no one can say anything about it
We are NOT going to blame Mueller for Barr hiding the report and nobody breaking the law to snatch the copy from Barr by force.
 is threatening to cause physical harm to the President. Just like the left.
i realized it wasn’t october yet so i ended my fast with the quickness nd binged <//3333 i hate myself
I just think it’s funny that she’s such a good friend to you but when you fall short I’m the one she counts on makeup can’t cover that shit.
I MISS U SO MUCH PLS IM ALR PLANNING THE TRIP IM COMING SO SOON!!!!!!
It's almost as if skeptics evade the very existence of reality.
so i wrote a song over the last few days bc i’ve felt very shitty,,, the song is shitty and i just feel worse :)
Please forgive my stupidity during this incredibly serious&toxic time Mary. Unfortunately a minority of Americans&a hostile foreign power put a corrupt, vile man n r White House&USA is being degraded daily. Sometimes levity is the only thing that keeps informed patriots from
oh god that's right all new voices #Raw no cole, renee, or graves go rock the HOUSE
Trump you serve you to keep your mouth shut because every time you open it you get more and more in trouble. We read the transcripts that you released to the public. Either you’re completely brain dead or just stupid. Either way you’re going down. The only liar here is you Donald
you’ve got to be SHITTING ME Towson what the fuck is happening with these sexual assault emails every single fucking day. Something needs to be done!! An email from the president isn’t enough. And men stop putting your fucking hands on girls!!!
here's the full image of Rocky in the Forsburn costume because twitter sucks at cropping
I can't read your boring political talk anymore. Or your vegan diets. Or modern celebs *GAGS* or your fasting talk. It's insanely boring & you are all misled anyway Dumb sheep. As for corrupt ones everything about Halloween represents you. You are the doomed zombies..your destiny
Fabricated Hate Crime! 12 yr old girl makes National news with accusations of hate crime. She accused 3 white classmates of calling her “hair ugly” and forcefully cutting off her dreads. The media RAN with it, having zero FACTS! https://6abc.com/girl-12-admits-she-lied-about-classmates-cutting-dreadlocks/5579202/ …
I know a bunch of Cleveland Browns fans were very worried about Austin Seibert. Kindof the same about Baker a year ago. Who's eating crow? BoomerSooner! #Browns
He doesn't. At his core, he's a coward. He only throws that out there scare people. It's like the old saying, if you can't blind them with brilliance, baffle them with bullshit.
Examined life is worth exploring and yet to say others can't have an opinion that others feel are not worthy of their calling speaks to the other issue that everybody face: death by execution.
Yeah, understandable. But ther than that picture I have seen a few of her with them, plus I believe I saw one of her in the same hotel room as everyone else. I could be wrong though.
This is blatantly FALSE about 5G. So, now we have to follow the money and see who wins and who loses to determine who is lying. Sad...
me pasa algo parecido. no puedo contener mi emoción porque se largan todos esos hdps pero eso me cega un toque para analizar "the big picture". pero definitivamente me parece ridículo compararlo con el autogolpe de fujimori. este cierre sí tiene un -debatible- sustento legal.
damn that’s a dark way to think about it, like if you had the Infinity Gauntlet he be the first to tur to ashes off rip
Did Congress seriously still go on it’s recess?!? If ever there was a time to cancel one in order to hunker down and do the people’s work it’s now. #DoYourJob #SaveDemocracy
QUEERY hosted by . I've always been a fan of Cameron (biased, I know), and her interviews with folks in the LGBTQ+ community make for some really insightful (and humorous) listening. Plus it has a killer theme song. https://www.earwolf.com/show/queery/
Please. If Trump were half serious about that part, he'd go thru proper channels at DOJ, not entangle international diplomacy with it and his personal lawyer Giuliani. But also, the fact that it's a conspiracy theory can't be dismissed; that's what makes it so obviously political
Brexit: Into the final month now before the end of the beginning. From EU perspective a successful UK outside the club would not be helpful for internal cohesion. The EU27 are unlikely to be particularly helpful. So Brexit will actually drag on-and-on.
no, idk how i’m the only one out of the girl in my family, who hasn’t gotten cramps.
You know how people always claim “I am cleaning house on my Facebook” because people are lame, or they suck? I’m doing the opposite. I want to add losers, low-lifes and people who in general are annoying &...
if u rly gonna stop the elevator to go down 1 floor u a bitch
When you accidentally walk down the detergent aisle at the store
     do something about this terrorist group and if the  don’t say anything then call them out. While you’re at it try pointing out how they believe killing babies is okay with them. Get on it!!!
There is literally no bad Japanese OP or ED. I love them all equally. Even the silly ones.
Based on the premise and art this seems like a shit version of RWBY.
 very well put.  is the high priest of the Brahmanical order where Indians can be abused with immunity.
tryna cover up yourself, what cuz i want an exclusive that i’ve been tryna get for months then you send me a meme and say it’s dumb maybe it is to you but keep it to your self, fuckin posting beef online and  people who are cool with me, bitch ass nigga
Cont: real criminals won't be deterred by just signs. Says city bylaw and police are already stressed. Says money should be put into police dept, not "silly signs". Calls it the elephant in the room.
Problems of Religious Luck: Assessing the Limits of Reasonable Religious Disagreement: 2019.09.23 : View this Review Online | View Recent NDPR Reviews Guy Axtell, Problems of Religious Luck: Assessing the Limits of Reasonable Religious… http://phin.ws/RFDRFx #News
Why No city is fully prepared for the disruption of AI http://snip.ly/0v2n36         #AI #SmartCities #IoT #Blockchain
These are the vile spawns, Who think they doing something so Funny that has never been done before. Some one should have knocked some sense in this Jizzer. Doing this to your mom/parent. So unjust and outright crazy. So Disheartening..
Aaaaaaannnnnddd is the parent or guardian a bad guy? Okay, yes, she's doing a grueling thing and Eric thinks that's bad for a teen, but Olympic gymnasts go through worse. And it's her future she's trying to save. I give it a pass, unless there's some OC connection.
The rest of the NFL should take notice, because there are still far too many helmet to helmet hits and the refs seem to be ignoring a bunch of them!
For the umpteenth time POSOTUS lost the popular vote by 3 million votes!! Stop calling it the will of the people when 3 million MORE people did NOT want this piece of shit!!
This is what the dems want to stop. The unveiling of their treason & plans for America that are contrary to the constitution & its protection for individual's liberty &freedom. Theyre literally caught with their pants down trying to redirect the attention https://www.foxnews.com/politics/barr-trump-durham-probe-new-york-times-reporting-justice-department …
Oh well, Ph is their model they look up to. We pioneered street protests in Asia with the reds have long history of violence on the streets.
Why? The 'who' of this situation here is not important it's the 'what' or in his case the 'it'..
The Naked Gun | Frank Investigates Ludwig's Office https://youtu.be/KqX8BwOuOrw via
i'm standing outside looking at the sunset trying not to lose my shit sjnfnr
Bashir Ahmed why are you always fooling yourself" where is the latter heading' TRUMP will disgrace your master again
This feeling is based on what exactly? Bernie recognizes that you can’t pass progressive legislation through a corporate bought congress hence the mass mobilization to pressure and change it. Warren says “trust me, I can do it even though I’ve never demonstrated it before”
The game that’s remake everybody hates because of an optional mechanic!
Perhaps the most tragic thing, is I am genuinely unsurprised by any of the allegations made here; because they have happened to me and countless others who work in retail/hospitality/customer service https://www.bbc.com/news/uk-49432367 …
HYSTERIA hosted by . Erin has a rotating panel of women each week, discussing a variety of topics I've never even though about. It's the female perspective I listen for, and come away with something new every time. Plus it's hilarious. https://crooked.com/podcast-series/hysteria/ …
YOU MUST BE A LIBERAL IGNORAMUS PROBABLY??? I do understand the law... news reporters state he lied.. HE LIED!!!!
Yes, because violent right wing nuts are angered by people different from them, the people who are different are to blame. Makes perfect sense.
And    make this worse all the time, how shameful. #RaiseTheRoof #homelessness #HomesforAll
Exclusive--Paul Gosar: 'What's the Difference' Between Hunter Biden and College Admissions Bribery Scandal? http://dlvr.it/RFDRHd
I forgot what season it was but after they had that war in the prison against the eye patch guy is when i stopped watching
The Bills haven’t beaten one single impressive team and on top of that have not even dominated any of those bad teams that they beat. Barely beat Cincy at home while 9ers crushed Cincy on the road. There’s no logic in putting the Bills over the 49ers. None. Seahawks neither.
No I read the right one , look there is no need in our talking you see what you see, you tried to use scripture lets use scripture together, The Pharisees and sagisee saw Jesus He walked among them yet they were blinded to His Identity, some are blind now and so be it, good day .
Told you, most vile racists are Jews. They even pretend to be black people on twitter now. Dutch blackface fans are also Israeli fans, that's how I discovered who the true racists are.. Not Christians, not Muslims..
And absolutely nothing of value or substance was lost. You were part of the problem. Good riddance.
tw rape / cp / death so you’re telling me from the age of 8 ash was raped, tortured, and groomed his entire life, being caught up in the mafia was his only way of survival and when he FINALLY finds someone who helps him and loves him and who wants nothing in return.... HE DIES
Like first Charlotte Russe and now this what the fuck
Embarrassing stature at the biggest club in the world from a “leader “
Going into Scream knowing the twist and it’s still one of the best horror movies of all time.
We Decoded All the Ingenious Art-Historical References in the Horror Movie 'Midsommar,' From Hilma af Klint to Judy Chicago https://news.artnet.com/art-world/midsommar-art-references-1633975#.XZKVIXABfBc.twitter …
I didn't say your fav was lying about it, why are you twisting my words, all I'm saying is you all should stop criticising when your fav is being talked about, because she has done the same, simple
Some people my age are married with babies. I’m in bed with the chicken pox listening to the ramones. Not sure who has it worse tbh.
Dat awkward moment when yo crash yo space shuttle to the garden wall
If the GOP survives we will forever have eye-rolling rights any time they open their mouths. Every rotten thing they've done will be documented and quotable. To survive they will have to beg forgiveness and rebrand with transparency. They are toast!
el dorama se llama the untamed, esta en youtube con subtitulos en el canal de tencent. Los personajes son (creo pq no recuerdo la foto) izq nie huaisang y der wei wuxian (protagonista)
Bill Barr and John Durham are closing in on Obama, Biden and the Demo-rat corruption. Panic is setting.
Idk, the prices are convenient. Maybe bad management?? Idk
I know things seem crazy right now, America, but I think we made the right call. We kept this monster, and her emails, out of the White House. #nailedit
And THAT'S the point. She's a child being used as a pawn. And I fear the agenda only has "climate change" on its face.
Allah theure the worst wallahi Cs they can pull the Muslim card on you ufff I hate them people soooo much wallahi
while we’re on the topic, idk how people ate those lunchables pizzas or lunchables in general i remember i begged my mom to buy them once.. never again
'The Campaign Is The Amplifier': How Trump Plans To Fight Impeachment Push https://n.pr/2mqPy9X
"But last-minute amendments ultimately persuaded some conservative MPs, and the bill drew support from other parties." This isn't true. They had the numbers prior to the amendments. No one changed their vote.
Going to have to go to sleep thinking about how the IDF reversed their guilt on the murder of Muhammad Al Dura and got the Jpost to write about how the child never actually died because the IDF has never killed children ever (LOL), but they also have no proof of this!
martha dumptrack in the flesh here comes the scootie squad! you should- shut up heather! sorry heather look who's with her omg
𝑽𝒆𝒏𝒖𝒔. 𝑽𝒆𝒏𝒖𝒔 𝑪𝒂𝒕𝒓𝒊𝒐𝒏𝒂. 𝑯𝒆𝒓 𝒍𝒊𝒕𝒕𝒍𝒆 𝒊𝒏𝒇𝒆𝒓𝒏𝒐. . . . Now there's an ever present what if, a memory as sharp as 1000 knives. The discomfort at the pit of her stomach is nausea inducing. She needs seclusion and a cup of tea.
It's the Dinesh propaganda that has taken hold of what is left of their brains.
How about not sanctioning disabled people and putting a stop to the cruelty of universal credit? How about not selling arms to countries that commit human rights abuses? How about putting human life before profit?
That’s not even close to an analogous argument. If today, for a man to be able to access boner pills, he had to endure counseling about the other options available, then a waiting period, and finally an anal ultrasound in order to access those drugs, no man would ever get them.
On permanent display 2017 the unsuccessful seems little Womens Xavier Ouellet Jersey https://b-logging.com/on-permanent-display-2017-the-unsuccessful-seems-little-womens-xavier-ouellet-jersey/ …
IM SO CONFUSED HOW THE FUCK IS ARSON WORSE THAN STEALING A CAR WHI CARES ABT SOME DAMN BUILDINGS LET ME LIGHT AHIT ON FIRE THIS IS SOPHPHOBIC
2/... If this was a Democrat president doing this you and all the others would be trying to burn down the White House to drag them out to be lynched.
We are going to get so wasted before we go to the airport but sober enough to make it through TSA
Visa strikes back at Mastercard with Revolut deal: Visa's CEO has said that the payment network was "slow out of the chute" to work with Europe's many financial startups, but has accelerated those efforts recently. http://dlvr.it/RFDRFd
It's against the law! Demanding it should be considered an impeachable offense. Trump is asking people to break the law.
Keep grinding young man! Let the haters fuel the rage #FinsUp
I personally think it's important to acknowledge that Kai is a victim because it shows the bigger picture of the situation and the monstrosity that Gerg is. Also comparing this situation to a situation about serial killers is really stupid. The justice system is corrupt...duh.
white guilt has made white people very vulnerable to this sort of thing; to the point of not being able to defend oneself without being called racist.
They have completely shamed the USA on the world stage. They have sold integrity (inviting foreign countries to investigate) of the USA as the cost of winning (cheating to win) the 2020 election. FEC violations? Personal business for personal agendas done at the taxpayers expense
This girl & her family have admitted this was a hoax. Nothing about this is surprising. The attitude & framework adopted by our media, the dub-al political movement obsessed w/identity & racial conflict. People need to wake up & fight the radical dub-al social movement.
Please don't start the Civil War until after the football game. And no presidential treason either. Thank you.
#RT :  Very deliberately confusing the two. Which in itself is really horrible, an underhand way of trying to trivialise what Charlotte Edwardes experienced.
He's (Schiff) a liar, cheat, crook, and the list goes on infinitum!
feel like absolute shit just wanna listen to Transformer by Lou Reed for the first time again
So it’s not first hand thus the investigation. Get over yourself with all the spinning.
Oh I'm not arguing "facts about" Flint. I've post facts myself. And I've told you multiple times your elected officials are the issue and lying to you and America. But you kept blaming Trump for a problem Obama admitted to ignoring and Trump tried to help fix. That's the issue.
1. He didn't need to be and the report was verified by the transcript itself. 2. That's because he couldn't access it and the report was verified by IG investigating. 3. Bull crap. The president asked a foreign president to investigate a domestic political opponent.
Judging by the amount of things I can't see driving, according to infomercials, I really shouldn't be alive right now!!!
But old hillary can !! Thats no dummy there , a suicider yes but no dummy , corrupt as fck but no dummy !!!thats going to be their nominee you can take that to the bank
I blew up her phone and even tried to go see her. Make sure she's okay.. I told my boss the bitchy one was gonna RUIN his business. I was right. All these bitches saying clubs are the same as brothels can suck on a tailpipe!! SOMEONE'S EXTRAS LED TO A SUICIDE. AND THAT'S OKAY?!
He should sue them all for terrorizing, bullying, libel, and fraudulently trying to unseat him! They have to have broken laws here. If not, what will protect the next POTUS they don’t like?
I never denied it, I realize that there are some casualties unfortunately. But contrary to non vegan popular belief, the number of animals killed in farming vegetables is nowhere near the number of animals killed in the process of animal farming.
So sorry... and in no way should this be tolerated The PCW needs to be reported and fired...I have fired many for not doing their job
Description: I-64 at MM 261 - City of Hampton, near Hampton Roads Center Parkway, potential delays - a vehicle accident. The WB right lane and exit ramp are closed. Last updated: Mon 09/30/2019 7:17 PM EDT
I could see I get bitches out the comfort zone. I’m TO ODEEE
am literally close to tears this was the most disgusting day I’ve had in a while
Marley and Me has one of the saddest scenes of all time
About time! The Peruvian congress is one of the most corrupt congress in Latin America RT : Peru’s president dissolves opposition-controlled congress amid bitter feud over efforts to curb corruption.http://apne.ws/tR0A5OC
Anna did, unfortunately. (I mean unfortunately the caught dead part, but it can mean the skirt part too.)
The Climate Crisis is Global but These 6 Places Face the Most Severe Consequences: Climate change is expected to affect…
The NFC east has the most toxic fan base between cowboys and eagles fans #smgt315
I just saw that clip from the weekend where J2 shit all over cheese curds at their panel and I am so insulted LOL
It's starting to get chilly in the monastery since the fire went out so I bought some new clothes from the Dark Merchant to keep me warm for the winter.
“Our Constitution was made only for a moral and religious people. It is wholly inadequate to the government of any other.” - John Adams No wonder the left just can't handle it. #KAG2020
BREAKING: AG Bill Barr investigates the origins of the accusations that the Emperor with no clothes isn’t wearing any clothes. #ImpeachmentIsComing #Trump #ImpeachBarr
So you are okay with destroying American democracy and handing the country over to a man who wants to pollute our water and air, who spends millions of taxpayers dollars on vacations at his personal properties, and who is destroying the historic alliances that have kept us safe?
Can someone else PLEASE watch the video of myself teaching instead of me?? (I hate watching myself talk on video but I guess I gotta do it for my self assessment )
No your president did that all on his own stop blaming the wrong people. President Pelosi.
They are artful liars- answering the questions they wish they had been asked. Notice how Pompeo answers NOTHING Martha Rattis asked him.
Don't defend something which affects the fight against real racism, it weakens the whole movement. Fight for real racism, which talks about justice for peoples no matter what's the color of their skin is.
My guess was him & his siblings were spoiled with material thing but neglect & emotionally abused in certain ways. Now you have to be born with a certain temperament too. His siblings aren’t malignant narcissists. My guess he was the “ all bad “ child of a narcissistic parent
When people hurt others, they should (in the most humane way possible) be prevented from harming others in the future. Also their victims should be helped as much as possible...
There's a difference between doing a protest and being disrespectful. Much as the difference claiming ignorance and being stupid! We can disagree too in many matters. Our reactions shows our maturity.
Boris Johnson could soon become the first sitting prime minister in history to lose his seat https://www.yahoo.com/news/boris-johnson-could-soon-become-064100498.html?.tsrc=fauxdal …
So the great conflict I was born for is here... NO! I will not go to chick Fil a when my rations get low....I will soldier on until I reach the STARBUCKS.......... They serve sandwiches now. #CivilWarSignup #CivilWarpotluck
I’m just curious as to what exactly is ‘crap’? Is that not a picture of a nine week old baby? Is it not the case that you want people to have the right to kill that baby? Do we not have the right to point out how inhumane and cruel your policy is?Or will you shut down dissent?
im talking about normalizing the snorting & peoples nose be drippin when they get addicted lmaoo fuck no babayyyyyy lmaoo
i need money to make my imvu character the baddest bitch ever
I don't recall in 2016 when I went in to the polls to vote for president that there was someone from Russia with a gun to my head forcing me to vote one way or the other. If there was I missed him or her.
Yesss bitch a whole day early !! Better chase the bag.
I’m bringing back the word crud and you can’t do anything to stop me
ATENÇAO SE O PANIC AT THE DISCO CANTAR NICOTINE NO ROCK IN RIO POSTO FOTO DO MEU PINTO
That’s exactly why Kevin McCarthy .  is the GOP leader. Mediocrity is one of the many required negative traits to be able to fulfill any role in this corrupted, deplorable and chaotic administration. The ability to lie one’s face off is a plus! #DenOfSnakes #GOPTraitors
So,I am thinking of starting a blog. I have the curse."my you lead an interesting life". It would be rememberances about my Native grandmother, my Romani grandfather,or perhaps about my 18 years in corrections,15 of those at Amgola. 3 at a private prison. What do yall think?
Or what if he just can’t hold it any more and moans loudly on the live
Except for the trifecta Tucker, Hannity, and Ingrahm - there is no news on Fox #OANN
I understand what you are saying, but I don’t think it’s particularly fair to say when the people impacted are kept out of the conversation. You can’t keep excluding us and then making snide comments when we take to Twitter to express our disappointment and frustration.
Did you write it? It ’s the one that verifies the Chinese data. and Higashinakano also examined the photos. But there was no evidence of his absence. he said. Strange to say, why didn't the United States take pictures at the time? It's a kind of Japanese-style document.
i wanna go on a date to the sundial so bad . i've only been with family
for real. one of the most unfortunate injuries I've ever seen
So saying they finally made a shirt for me, I was joking because it’s such a ridiculous generated shirt I can’t imagine who the fuck they are targeting.
If you are too blind to see the difference others are making then that's really sad.
Iromir. A world covered in chaos and a looming darkness forshadowing unthinkable events. The Uahar threaten everything with the black moon closer than ever before.... by  get it now  #RT #iartg #asmsg #bookboost #bookplugs
?????????? Get educated on the topic first then talk shit
De Rugy: A look at the motherhood pay gap https://drumup.io/s/vQIpeS
Hmmm. Now if the black homeowner had killed the white woman who entered his home, do you think they’d let him claim Stand Your Ground?
Follow my music page  don’t be a hater support your local artist before the hype, coming up regardless!!! New music coming soon!!!
George, haters are finding it hard to digest the fact that Granit actually tried to clear the ball.
Conflating Antifa and Anti Fascists is the same at suggesting Nazis were Socialists. It's just not true. Antifa use a lot of tactics that are associated with Fascism. Shutting down freedom of speech? Assaulting people for not thinking the right way? Sounds like.. fascism. No?
Well, that’s a nice rule, but Trump flushed that down the crapper with all the other rules he has broken.
No lie bro you’re straight up stupid as fuck man. And you trying to justify the post makes you look even more dumb. Instead of supporting someone who is trying to fight for the greater good, you’re trying to discredit her. Pinche pendejo
You should look up the definition of semantics too. The bill objectively contradicts this argument
A senior Australian diplomat told Fox News: "After the president said what he said - we initiated the contact. There was no pressure -- we acted in order to help." https://www.foxnews.com/politics/barr-trump-durham-probe-new-york-times-reporting-justice-department …
A wet paper towel wrapped around a bottle put in the freezer will freeze it faster - does it need to be a paper towel? Does a cold towel freeze the liquid even more? Other repeatable tricks?
is the salty flavour from our tears or steve's cum, we may never know
Question: What kind of "president" runs undercover operations to undermine our country's intelligence agencies? Answer: One terrified that the intelligence agencies have evidence of his treasonous misconduct.
And when I’m mad ion give af what I say or do. If u in the path u gettin it too.
Can't imagine the level of frustration during the process of trying to return for  all-timer Diana Taurasi. ://theathletic.com/1246206/2019/09/30/diana-taurasi-ran-out-of-time-behind-the-grind-of-mercury-stars-desperate-try-to-return/?source=twittered …
1. If you get upset by losing followers on this app you’re a dork. 2. If you RT your old tweets for some type or clout you’re also a dork. 3. If you genuinely care about “clout” I hope you shit your pants. Let the unfollows commence ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
We have the crime we have the cover-up and now we’ve got impeachment –  talks about the process of impeaching Trump on the Trump Watch podcast http://bit.ly/2lY0g7W
.  you mean so much to me that no amounts of words to ever possibly be created would ever be enough to make up for the way i feel
Can we get a proper Black Panther?? With real CGI and not kill TChallas best villain half way into the movie??
Gonna go live in the woods and just eat raw fish or some shit
I have delayed leaving the house (meetings or whatever be DAMNED TO HELL) so that I know exactly where my cat is. Where I live with coyotes nearby I am more worried about her having escaped, but yeah, similar sentiment.
Embrace all alternatives available the larger the protein eaters pool. The better real unprocessed meat will stand out as the healthiest option. Remember the research is showing that red meat has little impact on heart, cardiovascular health or cancer. Moderate varied diet is key
The man is a flat out goat bro, don’t know how people manage to hate however it is
I can confirm the later thing and wikk leave it at that...
The Scarab Anthology - 3-Books Boxed Set On Sale! An Eternity as an immortal in slavery was not what she had in mind! Desperate & alone, 16 y/o Megan uses a powerful & ancient talisman to escape modern-day life & make a new start in ancient Egypt http://bookshow.me/B07QHSYN36 >.
No effing way does he pull all this crap and walk away into some movie sunset... and leave us to clean up the wreckage. No, no, no...
Liberals Livid After Border Patrol Releases Plan To Build A BOAT LOAD Of The Wall https://rightwingtribune.com/2019/09/30/liberals-livid/ …
People crying about the buckeyes black jerseys all over again lol
I can’t wait for you to lose the presidential race
Day 6 of 40 Days For Life! Look even the wires across the sign ARE a sign!! Just say NO to PP! Just say NO to abortion! Just say NO to murdering babies! Say YES to their birthdays! #40DAYSFORLIFE #CoaltionforLife #Memphis
How about threatening a Congressman the head of intel who is investigating him
Wake up.....Biden did the no-no with Hunter. What did Trump get out of the supposed deal....or coercion? No more needs to be said. Its plain like a wart on a face. I'm in a really BAD mood tonight and ripping someone to shreds verbally would be my pleasure. Bring it on TROLL.
$BAC settled +6.7% at $29.17. The stock/sector remains broadly stuck since early 2018. Lower yields/rates won't help into 2020. Issue negated if >32s.
She's not "Colluding" with anyone, paranoid nonsense Last time I looked we're Still in the EU until we leave Of course an MEP is going to have convos with other MEP's in Europe It's kinda what they do
Shaping bar was done using my sheet metal bender (NOTE bending round stock WILL damage the folders 'knife edge'....
War is never easy. But China tends toward long term (or at least medium term) thinking and strategy. If they felt there was more benefit in 20 years and couldn't be countered by international navies, they would take Taiwan even at those costs.
i've had about a day to digest this guy and have some thoughts, and an explication for why he is so irksome aside from the very obvious disgust factor he elicits
If this flag offends you we’ll help you pack! Learn the truth about the Confederate Battle Flag and Lincoln’s War at SEA RAVEN PRESS: Real American history written and published by Conservatives! http://www.SeaRavenPress.com #ConservativeBooks #ConfederateFlag #SeaRavenPress
It’s Money Monday! How are you doing on saving for the holidays (only three months until Christmas!)? For an emergency? It’s hard to save...but it’s not impossible. Some ways to cut costs: lower your cell bill, buy generic brands, plan your meals ahead of time.
Having to cut my parents off for good has fucked me up more than anything ive been through in the past three years and it hurts so fucking much i cant explainmy chest feels mad fucking heavy
This is about Rosh Hashanah, not about Israel, and the fact that you only associate Jewish traditions with your political stance is not a good look.
Ok, since the one I gave you is an actual incident I knew personally happened and you don’t like that answer, let’s go to the rape. You know the vast majority of rapes go unreported and if a doctor is informed of a rape they have to report it. So, it’s safe to assume some
At least the huvember is not very popular, just imagine the hell 2 consecutives month (hehehe broken english)
I could tell by the shit y’all tweet that y’all have no shame or ambition.
I was going through it in 4th grade, bumping to I should’ve cheated on the bus
The POTUS is a rapist, a grifter, a white supremacist, a conman, a traitor, end of story. #ImpeachmentNow #Impeachment #WhistleblowerIsAHero #DumpTrump #ResignNow #Resist
 this account has been suspended  without doing any problem please let me know why you suspended? this accounts didn't break the twitter rules and didn't insult anyone .. why suspend them ?!
this is my first time actually Listening to the vid.... i hate it
the *woke* twitter girls wanna be able to talk shit about anybody and when they get their ass handed to them then it’s “____ shaming” and “insulting people” oh the fuck well. stay outta stan shit
No u can’t , I go camping atleast 3 times in the summer and take advantage of Mother Nature as much as I can
Will #AlexSmith be back before #JayGeuden is fired? I think that’s his inly hope and I doubt Alex Smith will be back by then. Unfortunately, the  organization is just a bad organization with bad ownership and managing. Sucks for Jay, but later dude.
So does GM, but I think you have to pay for the Onstar.
 Ask a biased question...get a biased answer. Q: “to reduce the risk of an outbreak a bill has been proposed…Do you favor/oppose this bill?” MarketResearch101: never use leading, loaded, double barreled questions.  should know better https://tinyurl.com/UCBdata
And the liberal supporters, the anti Trump people have proven to be liars, thieves. They dont like growth, hate work because their government handouts have been taken away. Poor little shits
This is International espionage mixed with Treason & Anti-Americanism. Sorry, but the Australian PM is crazy like tRUmp, apparently.
i’m in a bad mental spot rn so i might be a little inactive for the night or whatever i don’t want to snap on anyone
I don’t understand what the author is trying to propose as an alternative. Wouldn’t long range firepower also provoke the same kind of reaction from Pakistan? And if Pak/China really plan to act in unison, they will act whether as a consequence of long range strike or IBG strike.
Lame excuses ! Trump already admitted the crime, any details leading to the discovery no longer matter.
In related news, the Mueller inquiry is over. It was a dud. Imagine having to spin this as opposition to something which is no longer in existence.
Despite all of the bad things gamers say about this game, it's always giving it's players more!
Let Negan loose! I’m watching the return of #TWD Sunday 9/8c.
Really can't help but notice that all these vociferous leftist activists are so less pretty than the women they attack.
giri & milli soulmates agenda have been besties for a long time already both have their own clothing brands have the same laugh and fucked up fashion sense love bullying swings said that theyre dating on hsr3 aesthetic tattoos feminine hands gang annoying little shits
Dang. The only water starter I ever chose was Oshawott. Fire or Grass otherwise
You are barking up the wrong tree the  IS ALLERGIC TO FACTS
Nah. Even past 85 you can’t upgrade your player without Vc even if you have the attributes. All of it costs money.
what the fuck there was a pink diamond in cosmania (did she met steven tho bc there was a steven)
The way I set things up I swear!! . #heinehouse #heinehouselive #podcasts #podcasting #podcast #jasonheine #gamingpodcast #techpodcast #retrogamers #gamingsetups #gamingroom
Snotter Rotter and The Smelly Butts Worst Day Ever by Valerie Hamilton https://www.amazon.co.uk/dp/0244791953/ref=cm_sw_r_tw_dp_U_x_urPKDbHNQFJWS … via  ORDER NOW AND THE SMELLY BUTT'S WILL BLOW YOU AWAY! ;)
Swim, do re mi, House of Cards, The Hills, Dangereos Woman, Rude boy...
if you sit on the toilet at 11:59 and the clock strikes midnight it’s the same shit different day
Moral of the story, never do anything out of boredom. It’s not worth it, lol ever.
Imagine your spouse or you boss always tetering on the line between ethical and unethical or legal and criminal. Would you brush it off then?
People say that legalization makes the black market go away. FALSE. It expands the black market. The illegal market can hide more easily behind the legal market. https://www.kktv.com/content/news/Marijuana-raid--Asian-Pride-Drug-Trafficking-Organization-Busted-510387901.html …
Every day is almost 2 when you exist in the weird rigid schedule I do
+ the estate this would definitely be taken the wrong way.
The audacity of you to just leave me speechless like this. Sis I'm a whole English major and now I gotta go CHANGE MY ENTIRE CAREER PATH bc someone decided to be so damn fine that I forgot how to use words. Smh. Selfish.
Alana got hurt at school today on the playground another kid fell into her while she was climbing up on the jungle gym and fell into A-pole so her collar bone is fractured really bad it's going to take about a month to heal so she's in a sling again
LISTEN BITCHES if u see me in public ever I give u permission to either punch me in the face or fuckin hug me. Imma start crying no doubt but it’s necessary
It's 100% true tho. It's a scam how American Music Industry has packaged mediocrity as "natural" and "effortless." come to think of it, it's really just a macro projection of the model minority myth
I will personally vouch for Tricia so if you have something to say come say it to me. Do not harass this incredible woman who is in desperate need! Whoever you are I will tell you now you are barking up the wrong tree!! Go bother someone else!
Exactly, no way turtle is going to throw that deadbeat president under the bus. No way...(I wish however)
whoa you pay so much attention the only one i usually ever notice is josh's
That's all? Where are the SENATE members sopena's? Biden son? whatever. I am done with  if they do not get off their asses and fight!
ME TOO omg that one and the dino dino jungle courses give me such a hard time for some reason
Bad for the environment, only if you’re unconcerned about the method of raising cattle. Grass-fed grazing of cows can be carbon-neutral, even restorative for the health of soil.
There’s no aide who said that. Same crap as #RussiaHoax . This buffoon is the king of #FakeNews
Foo Fighters - The Pretender https://youtu.be/SBjQ9tuuTJQ via
Hey. Halo 5 firefight and FF10 grinding are stressful too but here i am
Omg i do this esp. with green one and the weird thing is i dip with salt
do you know what that is.. stupid!!! over the last 14 years our government of any party has to work with 788 billion in revenue not coming in... the about chart..is deficits..of which 600 billion in that is conservative deficits
NRC is the need of the hour. The govt need to export illegal immigrants out of the country asap.
Forgetting about the 30% or so that never show up to vote because of the sorry state of mainstream politics?
 is no better than the Democrats perpetrating the coup. They were unsuccessful with the Russian hoax. This is another attempt. "News" organizations are complicit.
He is the type of Beta Male who hates himself. I caught him saying Men suck and agreeing with other SJWs who he agreed with.
It's gotten to the point when a woman says she's having a tough day & all I have to to is shake em, a tiny shake They completely like
Sorry, is your skin that thin? Maybe Trump folks are the snowflakes. But...just in case... Hillary's emails don't matter fuck-all and she's not getting impeached...not that I voted for her. But, you can't resist letting that upset you...can you?
i have to wash my hair in the sink bc the water heater finally fully died reaaaaghhh
SOMEONE PLS CALL ME IM AT THE BUS STATION ALONE AND ITS DARK AND I AM AFRAID
We can’t get to the bottom of the foreign collusion that happened in 2016 now? too bad you believed in Schiff.
guys i cant believe this is the 3rd time i delete my pinned accidentally
The whole conversation of its not okay for a man to hit a woman is no longer the case
Ive been told “Locktober” results into “NO-Vember, Denied- December! Sooo aching to cum is off the books for the next few months. I’m envious of Misrress’ Bulls. That get to be hard & cum while I stay dressed in my maid uniform, to serve them
In order words, the cops killed the cop. Officials: NYPD officer killed in the Bronx was hit by friendly fire http://newjersey.news12.com/story/41116540/officials-nypd-officer-killed-in-the-bronx-was-hit-by-friendly-fire#.XZKU9EWtIig.facebook …
This is totally unforgivable but yet comes as little to no surprise. The Export Department works with micros and SMEs, the support and guidance they have received is incomplete at best and useless at worst. The Government and it’s…https://lnkd.in/eq6mifa https://lnkd.in/epSM5q6
Sorry to sound so callus, but if your so unevolved as a human being, maybe you should consider getting your tubes tied and forget about the possibility of being a parent down the road?
Want to stay poor? Elect corrupt, racist, officials? Say good bye to the Dem party and #WalkAway
He's signed more executive orders than Obama during the same time frame, stopped reporting drone strikes, tried unsuccessfully to close the ethics department, took money that was appropriated or the military for his border wall,,,
43 catches, 586 yards, 13.6 ypc, and 5 touchdowns as a rookie with a lot of growing pains. I think that he is going to surpass that this year even with his 4 game suspension and the ball going everywhere else. I have faith in the kid, but I'm obviously biased.
You are lying. You are gaslighting. Just the usual from you and your .
i cant wait for the mega yacht drop to make me BROKE broke
“ do you work this week ?” Bitch is the sky blue ?! Like what do you really think
How fucking stupid do you have to be to try to tell some Italians to keep something on the dl
F’n guilty! Most corrupt POtUS in the history of this country!
I hate reading these articles that make no sense at all..., The Lebrons, Zions, and the Tua's will get paid.....Lets pay the Athletes yah!!!!! There is no plan! Its all hot air....what about the Joe or Sally Schmo that never play or are only there to please the stars? #stupid
The nation is under attack, yet so many seem unaware of the danger. I've been in Casandra mode for YEARS now. #RevokeA50
If the captain for the Canucks is not Bo Horvat i will be so angry #Canucks
It wasn’t her ground to stand on... but this gives her one more out, in case the standard police line, “I was in fear for life,” doesn’t work. Why are so many fearfully people hired as police, who fearfully shoot people of color?
Given the (false) choice between them and actual Nazi scum? Ask me a tough one. I don't have to worry about Canadians in bandanas, any more than I had to worry about MS-13 or Jade Helm or refugee terrorists.
Holy shit! I completely forgot that John Beilein was coaching the Cavs.
 I am at surat railway station my train no- 22828 Pnr no- PNR-8724231486 arriving at 8:am .. hence when i got to wait at waiting room , the guard/security outside the waiting room is not allowing me and his reply is - come at 7:30 nw i will nt allow ??
Braced but 100% disagree with that outcome. He and his spawn have broken laws & thumbed their corrupt privileged noses at every turn. This must be followed through to the end or there is no accountability. I reserve the right to change my opinion if NYAG is ready to roll on all.
What the hell are you doing in DC? Why don’t you all do some work other than trying to impeach a president that we the people elected! I say let’s throw all of you out of office for doing nothing for us! Just remember we vote you in & we will vote you out!
“Many IT teams and organizations are not realizing the full value of agile development and are struggling with what they call agile project management.” #agileprojectmanagement #projectmanagement #projectmanagerhttps://enterprisersproject.com/article/2019/9/agile-project-management-dark-side …
But he's captain of the Heart Pirates. :( You can't take away the heart!
IF THE MF WEATHER SAYS “feels like” THATS WHAT IT fuckin is lmaoo that shit pisses me off “96” feels like 100... wtf
Yes, in the UK they aren't allowed to shoot back if a terrorist ignores the law and attacks them.
I’ve refrained talking about the Pirates the last month or so. It’s a lost cause. I will miss Steve Blass dearly. I’ve listened to that voice for almost my entire life over the air. I love baseball. It’s a shame the game has been stolen from me by Bob Nutting.
 I truly hope this all comes back and ruins your career and what's left of your so call legacy. You will go down in history as the most vile, disgusting human to ever "serve" in government!
I may do a small game stream in a few here. I did art this past weekend, I'm not sure if I will do an art stream after the game one tonight but I will keep you guys informed!
what do bladee fans tend to think of mainstream trap rap as a whole btw i mean like the annoying ones you think of when you think “bladee fan” not the ones i follow u guys are cool
I just can’t stop wondering how high the yield would be on 7.5”...
I guess Phil is the only one left. Sad to see him go.
I refuse to be up somebody ass all the time just for them to not want me, I only got one life not wasting time on anything dawg .
 standing in Hyderabad Rajiv Gandhi International Airport being said the flight is overbooked ...This is the most ridiculous thing I ever heard
What is menopausal women stealing ice from the nearest gas station?
"Um... before... I... was killed... I had it on my body at the time... I don't know where it went since then. "Is it worse there?"
I didn’t fuck with that big ass hill we had to climb to get back to the cabin
#California is suffering today after fatal shooting. #POTUS, stop the bloodshed. #BackfireTrump
That account's line, "Trump has deputized Barr..." indicates panic. PANIC. Look at the words and the nonsense strung together. Leftmedia's in a panic.
Did Congress seriously still go on it’s recess?!? If ever there was a time to cancel one in order to hunker down and do the people’s work it’s now. #DoYourJob #SaveDemocracy
No Steve. Unfortunately for the entire country and we will all suffer the consequences of their arrogance. Cheers!
Je viens de regarder S04E08 of The Walking Dead! #TWD #tvtime #celib ;) https://tvtime.com/r/1bhfK
On days that are going to be hot, first thing in the morning drink 300 to 500 ml. of water when you wake up… If you have a lemon handy, squeeze some of its juice in with it. This wakes up your metabolism and replaces lost water from sleep.
today I showed weakness and caved. am I proud? no. am I disappointed? yes. was it worth it for the health benefits? probably not. I bought lactose free milk.....
 is trump worth that much you'd lose you're career over him. I'd cut and run. We the people have a voice we want someone to uphold constitution you obviously aren't it. #ComplicitCorruptGOP #VoteHimOut #resign
idk what’s gonna happen first...the second american civil war or the earth becoming unsustainable bc of climate change & uhh i’m scared
And this is the account of the forced labor that King Solomon drafted to build the house of the LORD and his own house and the Millo and the wall of Jerusalem and Hazor and Megiddo and Gezer https://biblehub.com/esv/1_kings/9-15.htm …
Add to the list: shcifty, obammy, brenann, clapper, lynch, Man, I am tired. The list is too long, but you get the meaning! Please do some guttsty fighting back
More to the point, the common thread is that our proto-dictator is sending his top officials (AG, Secy of State) and dirty tricksters (Giuliani) to gather phony "evidence" of imaginary plots so he can lock up his political opponents.
 why can't we have flavored juuls but camel can come out with coloring page packs? How is this not a way to hook children on smoking? Especially when these came out right after the juul ban
Ya never know who you’ll run into on here. Being a former radio guy I’m a fan of the whole Golic clan. Now that Ive bragged on being able to help...will prob belly flop. Will do my best but I know that a public humiliation is just a family member away. (Vic O sez hey from Indy)
Would Trump supporters be willing to die for Trump in the civil war he claims will happen? #ImpeachTrump #MAGA #CivilWar2
Yang. Where is he getting the money he's giving away for votes? China? This question will be there because of the arrest of a Chinese spy today, and the questionable Chinese investments with the Bidens.
I have always been focused on his absolute corruption and complete lack of conscious and morals but I never knew of his gross neo-nazi leanings. This man-baby is truly, the scrapings of the bottom of the barrel of “Presidents”. (I use quotes because he is NO President.
The crooked (b)witch is lying through her false teeth. https://ca.news.yahoo.com/pelosi-says-public-opinion-shifting-011927248.html?soc_src=newsroom&soc_trk=com.apple.UIKit.activity.PostToTwitter&.tsrc=newsroom …
If you were listening to http://WERUradio.com Taylor Dayne - Live Without, Mariah Carey & Stefflon Don - A No No (Remix) and Tove Lo - Disco Tits Get the WERUradio skill and then say, "Alexa, play We Are You Radio."
But why we gone ignore the fact he was running or w.e the fuck he was doing like that ????
You do anyway and have from the beginning. You treat all supporters like dirt. You are arrogant and rude
What's the TL;DR version of what went down in Crazy Town today???
You mean rules change but that laws that supersede rule changes are still the same? Crazy stuff
I have always counselled honesty, and although it is very tough for me to show the soft underbelly of my fears and insecurities, it's time to talk about what the hell is going on with Freedomain and philosophy... https://youtu.be/H3N0O8S9HaY
Don’t worry Derek; Joe is just being nice. Imagine thinking he should give a shit about what you think he should post on his personal account. Unless you’re Mama Stapleton, you’re no better than the “stick to sports” crowd.
Watch the fan as it spins. Feeling emptiness more than anything today.
I'm back 2 not being sure this is true. The timing: the confession and the arrival of his family.Either Jenny and Sumi are lying about not knowing or TLC let him tell the secret then ran off and told his family everything INCLUDING where they were #90daytheotherway #90DayFiance
#PushnTheLimitsPromo #1000 _ _ Repost amenaforamena with repostsaveapp ・・・ LORDS OF THE UNDERGROUND FUNKY CHILD     #lordsoftheunderground #funkychild… https://www.instagram.com/p/B3De-YlnpZf/?igshid=4mo0yi75dmdf …
I always keep a loaded gun on my nightstand in the event of an intruder, so I can shoot myself to avoid meeting new people
No. They can’t save their souls but they maybe able to mitigate the punishment. They have no souls. Sold them a few years ago.
Depending on what model car you have you might have to reset the gauge so that the current pressure becomes the standard.
If you don’t give us that remix I will cry eat all the hot chocolate paowder and then die
I give ffxiv a ton of flak over the cash shop because I find it horrific and full to burst but ffxiv, at least, didn't release a mount (warclaw) so unpopular that ppl genuinely suspect its so they can sell pvpers mount skins too
Practicing using the switch axe in master rank ain't the best idea
Then I remembered who I was and said fuck the dumb shit I’m to dope of a human being to let anyone or a situation make me cry again ....my heart heavy but cold fuck them feelings ... living life a day at a time from now on and enjoying cause u never know when’s ya last day
The holidays really hit diff when youre with someone you love yall my dick is hard as fuck
I’ll see my girl look  nigga & instantly b pissed bruh the story’s I b hearing when I’m drunk Iont do da fucccc around
I still have so much shit to buy for my competition on November and I don’t got the money for it
Lots of React Learned about & integrated higher order components for all of my contexts. Setup completion checking for problems in the backend & frontend. Tomorrow I hope to implement a user page and some improvements to the problems search page. Day 22 of #100DaysOfCode
They are trying so hard to change the meaning of a racist word.
Damn, thought my back had recovered at the weekend, but the pains starting to creep back now :(
Have been informed I messed up the date on this video, excuse me I am mourning
Tauruses belong with Scorpios. And the other way around. NO MF CAP
Chain of command? For 13 hours she couldn't be reached? As I said before I take the word of the soldiers that were there!
I deleted one app on the home page of my iPhone this morning and it literally has changed my entire life. My go to apps are all over the grid & life essential apps (alarm clock, weather app) are NOT next to each other anymore. Brutal day
And THIS ladies and gentlemen is why the education cuts in North Carolina are unconscionably wrong! Our own freaking rep is an uneducated boob.
That's when you look up and the bus is inexplicably taking a new route...one where scary children are holding hands and jumping rope.
Barr never had any great reputation after pushing 41 to pardon the Iran contra bunch. And as far as that "unsolicited" resume he sent Trump, my money is on Barr was asked to write it with Trump knowing all along, he had found his Roy Cohn!
Hi Paul...rhetorical questions, since the answer to each is obvious. For some reason, and how fast things have changed, they seek to put us in the grave, metaphorically but failing that quite possibly “literally.” Beyond me what’s happened to these people, but I stand ready.
Wonder if Nancy checked-in with McConnell to see where he was on all this before deciding on inquiry. We’re not seeing McConnell giving Donny a lot of cover right now...just “No choice” but to take it up in the Senate. Hmmm... #ImpeachmentIsComing
The madness will soon stop! The inquiry will end it one way or another.
329 was set to to determine the effect of the drug. It did exactly that. The fact that it caused harm in adolescents is terrible. Do you think the company had a crystal ball to know that before the trial?
Look Into My Lenz Gaming will undoubtedly unstress you..its a moment to unwind and destroy your opponents. So next time you're upset and beside the one you love..pick up a controller press start..lol One…
The law allows second hand info in the complaint but my question is what exactly is your argument? Because we’re past this. It’s moot. The IG found the complaint credible and the White House confirmed that the whistleblower’s complaint is accurate.
It’s no different than if guys were to utilize the illegal chop block, injur each starter but take the penalty, then play fair when 3rd string is in. This is why they create these rules and penalties for refusing to abide by them.
Have no idea why, at 29, and years past my wrestling peak fandom, I’m super excited about #RAW tonight and the rest of the week to say the least. Probably setting myself up for disappointment. But man, prove me wrong.
Is your problem here that they neglected to use the term 'allegedly'? Because reporting on something like this happening at a religious school makes total sense. As for it turning out to be incorrect, do you want them to wait until the trial is over to report on it???
The Speaker of the House as emerged as a shock candidate to take over in No10 if Boris Johnson’s crisis-hit Government falls https://www.dailyrecord.co.uk/news/politics/brexit-fiasco-twist-secret-plan-20325827.amp?__twitter_impression=true …
With the bye week behind us anybody coming off the injury list?
It’s only been 17 weeks and you guys are just noticing now? Never mind the PLA build up, have you noticed the HK police violence against the protesters?Lam & Lau authorization for such tactics! It’s about time the conservative media has noticed!
I live in Arizona. There is something wrong with you people  Inc.  &  Mike Pence are part of a corrupt regime that is destroying our country & I thought Caterpillar stood up for the common man. I say #BoycottCaterpillarInc if you support #LyinDonny
 The category is Symbolic Objects. I’ll say the artist formerly known as Prince, and M says the infinity symbol. #jeopardy #blindguess
Need more book recommendations y’all: Favorite RECENT (say within the last 5 years) cosmic horror novels? Go!
FOULLKGNFN IM TRYING SO HARD TO NOT LAUGH OUT LOUD ON THE BUS
Sis, the Capri pants were one thing but then Cam leveled up to some high waisted “mom jean” type capris too. Maybe I’m just old but I’m not sharing my mom jeans with no dudes
Obviously, your reporting methods have become jaded over the years.
Yawn, been hearing this horseshit for years. The icing on the cake was watching Mueller testifying and it turned out I fucking knew more about the investigation than that empty suit! Disgraceful!
You’re absolutely right. She lined up the perfect pitch. It was sheer panic fueling those of who us doubted her, but we were wrong nonetheless. She’s a queen. I’m not worthy.
So you mean you’ll be struggling to find material for the show tonight then
Who's the 3rd team in the AFC? They're not better than GB, CHI, NO, DAL
Jecheon, South Korea: Shut down the illegal dog farms! - Signez la pétition ! http://chng.it/qXvCdGP4 via  Jecheon, Corée du Sud: Fermez les élevages illégaux de chiens!
Having played a shit ton of Mario Kart Tour the last few days I can comfortably say the same thing I’ve been saying my entire life: FUCK WATER LEVELS
Just got the best news ever. I thought my lab report was due tomorrow but I have another week. This gives me time to start preparing for this 10k I have to run in... 20 days.... Shit
it just makes me sad like theyre trying so hard to prove their experiment with the rotating members and 199394 members and subunits will actually be a hit but its not working and its not even ... part of their appeal
Nuggas do a lot of cry baby bitching abt 2K and I know they are the types who sabotage their team in the Rec
Joe the game is over the jig is up the fat lady sang, you’re dirty and you know it. Be a man and own up to it. Joe your time has long passed, your dementia is showing. Joe you would know that if you could remember. Too bad Joe. I’M CONTRIBUTING TO TRUMP 2020 MAGA 2020
Apparently the current game has way less than the alpha and a fuck ton of removed feature which ruin it
And I’m still sick asf but she got me w/ the getting a Hot Toddy so I might slide
How could he/she feel threatened when no one knows who he/she is? Be kind of difficult for a person who identification isn’t known to anyone except their lawyers and the ICIG??
It makes me sad when I see obese children, their metabolism is at its highest and it gets destroyed because of their parents poor diet plan. I'm not saying all kids are the same, but you can tell when their parents are setting them up for an unhealthy lifestyle. #beabetterparent
(oh, and i believe a procedure was done but i don't know the kind nor the scope)
Not Kevin? Kevin McCarthy? This is because the FakeMedia is demanding answers while his lips are firmly planted on the BIGLY ORANGE ASS OF THE MANGO MADMAN! Wait until he finishes his sloppy smooch before hitting him with facts! That's not fair!
Believe what you want. I believe the 98% of the world's countries that have looked at our helmet laws and said "No thanks".
This what they going to be saying when they lose in the second round
Ight ima leave this convo y’all jacking bc way too much. The people already made their decision. Y’all some mid.
carson has the shittiest drivers bro omg fucking retards i swear
 you're the one who's been wrong, both with $KIN and $EOS. Does that qualify you as charlatan? How can you call yourself a good actor?
damn snapchat why you gotta show me the 17 y/o with 4% body fat I already feel like a piece of shit
That sent a shiver down his spine. The idea of Wolf being willingly invited onto his ship, not knowing what sort of chaos he could cause... “I’m just going to be straight about our history, that’s all.”
The Stephen A. Smith Show 9/30/19 Hour 1: Cowboys lose, Burfict hit https://youtu.be/29crq3aisH4 via
Our FKL Varsity Soccer team began their push to the playoffs this past Saturday as the team defeated Far Rockaway 1-0. With only 4 regular season games left, the team is looking to build on Saturday’s momentum.…
I just hate the "you're one of the good ones" mindset so much and I see it sneaking into all kinds of places, even well-intentioned stuff
In the morning the cabin Plum had to make breakfast and Teddy has set out the cereal boxes to spell Plum. As I got there though my hunger was overwhelming and I had no choice but to knock the boxes over in an attempt to grab a box. After that eventful breakfast my group and I fi-
Aren't you bored talking the same lame subjects ad nauseam?? Dallas Pats James or anyone who has a tie to the Sooners...then repeat
17 years on when I was in the Square with my fundraising colleagues, I remember being told not to say or ask anything about that time. This programme is informative, shocking and compelling... Why isn't Kate a Dame yet? Stunning watch
how are the feminists not angry that Teddy didn’t pick Beau but picked Spencer bc I’m mad!!
People are ignoring that she also gave time to Warren this week She's milking "the will/she won't she" thing for all the earned media it's worth. Note, in the Sanders photo, she's the only person in the entire room mugging directly for the camera
This is what we’re paying 200k a week for?!!!!! Ibrahimovic would be yelling at Rashford in the dressing room if he saw this shit. This kid shouldn’t be on the money he is, he’s not worth it, he’s overrated by a lot of the fan base! We need Martial back & we need another ST.
Nothing happened to Smollett. She figured it must be the ok thing to do these days. Make up a crime and blame a white person. And look at how all the lying loser Libs in the #FakeNewsMedia pounced.
I’m German and this is wild to me. It’s like if someone got married at a Nazi concentration camp. How the hell is this a thing? wtf (google told me Ryan Reynolds had a plantation wedding?)
I’m kicking myself in the ass to get started on registering for classes for spring so that I can get started on my prerecs for my bachelors
But none of his following tweets were flagged... this was also the case for the other three comments flagged as offensive by other people in other threads today.
I assume you arent really dumb enough to believe that those mindless punks with masks represent "socialism"? Right? You think the socialist regimes you fear put up with protesters like that eh?
The other day I was really down and I didn’t feel like listening to Cypher and I cut Yoongi off and I felt so bad afterwards that I stopped listening to music.
Women, as a man I never want you to be subject to sexual harassment. But Sort it there and then, call the man out, let anybody who's around know what hes doing, punch/kick/scream if you have to, don't stand for it. Don't take 20 fucking years to speak up, it delegitimizes it
I really hate repeating myself especially over the simple shit.
Sheer is a douche!!! Trump wannabe douche!!! And is riding on the event horizon of 'the black hole of stupid' that's taking up space in the W.H.!!
Took his sweet ass time getting around the bases. Someone must pay.
The wage gap regarding fat women has already been documented, and established regarding standard employment, but no one ever mentions the even larger wage gap for fat sex workers. It isn’t for lack of viewers, as bbw is one of the most popular categories.
my feelings don’t even hurt the same nomo. i just be like damn, again huh
On the other hand, religion is neither a cause nor a solution of psychiatric illness to be involved in any way of treating the illness of Muslims or non Muslims
That just shows how HATE FILLED the left has become. #Unbelievable
HOLY CRAP another star for COLOR OUTSIDE THE LINES!!!
He leaves end of season if no trophy + top 4. Will stick with that
The Spokane Valley City Council will hold its next meeting tomorrow night (Tuesday, October 1) at 6 p.m. at City Hall. Stop by or view live on SVTV, Channel 14. Agenda - https://tinyurl.com/y29b6zwn
Good! He deserves to be banned! Hated him even when he was with the Bengals......
MISTRESS OF EVIL in San Antonio – Nuke The Fridge https://hollywoodfact.com/mistress-of-evil-in-san-antonio-nuke-the-fridge/ …
xqc was live at the same time with 50k, no way those numbers were legit
to add onto the asian thing theres really no "collective" asian identity - individuals are individuals and even within the same family there is often a variety of appearances, personalities and interests
Because unless you're legitimately are proven to have killed someone the league doesn't care if you do stuff like beat your spouse, your kids, or try to end another player's career.
WOW SO IT TURNS OUT THAT. MY KNIFE? MY ONLY KITCHEN KNIFE? IS EITHER DULL AS SHIT OR JUST THE WRONG TYPE OF KITCHEN KNIFE FOR VEGGIES
Eu tava ouvindo música alto aqui né e distraí daqui q pouco silêncio e começa SHOT THROUGH THE HEART AND YOURE TO BLAME Moço o susto que eu tomei
She cried out in pain as the halo burned his skin as well as hers. She was in pain. Serious pain. But she just met his gaze, depression deep in her eyes, "You don't know him...not like I do..." She then slapped his hand away again, "Don't/touch/ me"
#OrangeShirtDay2019 coincided with a ceremony in Gatineau, QC where the names of 2,800 children who died in #residentialschools were revealed by National Centre for Truth and Reconciliation through its National Residential School Student Death Register. https://www.sootoday.com/local-news/orange-shirt-day-honours-residential-school-survivors-2-photos-1722316 …
I see these idiots try to claim that 'co-redemptrix' and 'mediatrix' are somehow idolatrous. This is almost always a holdover from their protestant days. If they PRAYED, or at least attended the Akathist services at their churches during Lent, they'd know how dumb that is.
Girl my mom told me the same this, and if he did walk his dumb ass came rite back
You're right. It didn't deter them and they broke the rules in recruiting again. Now they're really fucked.
Good. This will be the opening salvo into the coup d'etat that failed. This will take the air out of that impeachment balloon.
The number of 1/4 to 1/2 drank bottles of water that were littered around my sisters house made me want to scream. I found them in bathrooms and my bil had at least 3 on his night stand. Smh Ridiculous! #PCAs #TheConcertTour #LoveYourselfSpeakYourself
It’s so dumb that the cubs don’t play again for 144 days
I just bought a cool new Xbox One Public school is a brainwashing tool for the terminally uncool!
What else can he do? We don't have many options up top due to injury to Martial and lack of recruitment time in summer. Now quit whinging and support the team.
Goddamn it, they are talking about keeping me in the hospital for DAYS
...please repeat what you were doing when the pain started so my colleague can, err, help with diagnosis.
The girls are working hard in the weight room. #redoakGBB
Notice how under the radar this is? I'm so sick of the nonstop chaos.
I think the mentoring he did for Tatis went a long way toward our future superstar. And that will pay off in spades next season
Excuse me- what makes you assume that 'most of the time men are at fault' ? You're a misandrist.
Ahh ok. I’ve heard from Instagram that NoA is good anyway but it’s kind of annoying that so many games that I’ve heard of (almost all the ones on that list) have fanservice like Ryza in them. I’ve seen people claim it’s an “anti-censorship” fight but it’s too much at this point
Amen. These rich bastards are going to see they can’t do anything they want with our country!!! The people are taking it back!!!
This is all news bro. May 24th Trump set it on the White House lawn. What the hell is up with you people.
Any different than the ndp? Wab Kinew has assault charges as well as having refused a breathalyzer and being reported for domestic abuse.
 Do the right thing for once in your life. Your legacy is already ruined you spineless idiot
I wouldnt away influenecer.... Just some people are fucken pathtic..like really dude... Block away, saves me taking out the trash
I'm going to do a No Mic stream. I've been doing it very rarely and accidentally. I'm recovering from sinus problem a bit, but because I left the USB cable for my Microphone at my place like an idiot.
#MK11 when you balance shit, maybe take into account all the bitchass people that play your game. Every since your last update ranked is nothing but liu kang spamming circle and turtling. Can i beat it? Yes. Does it suck all the fun out of the game having to do the same shit? Yes
Death, taxes, and starting your slot receiver against the Steelers.
I never mentioned the defense, I know we’re awful on defense. Also, what’s wrong about what I said? Just curious
Had to leave my old Hoe the bitch ain’t wanna hold me
Stop clout chasing. Ain’t nobody hoppin on the stream jAnDhAm
Give it time.....the hate is festering. Based on last night’s snoozer I’ll take a full blown wrestle mania type brawl mid game.....as long as my captain gets points for dishing out CTE!! I’m a savage for those capt. pts....
If this was a plot point in the movie "Idiocracy" it would have been cut during the editing process with the note "Too much"
LaLa is the worst “actress” walking the face of this earth right now
And republicans love taking their money and killing the planet for short term profit...so...
Keep it G....I don’t fuck with these hoes. I need a wife
All 3 of y'all dumb as Fuq being involved on that dumb shyt, keep that shit and anybody like that the Fuq away from me.
I understand you're trying to give him the benefit of the doubt, but some don't deserve it! lol
 how many times do I need to update my address IN THE APP before it saves and it stops being delivered to the wrong address???
Is that for real the game may not be on live? Boy have we Fallen
the drafts are a wonderful place. full of wholesomeness, frustration, sadness, and S H I T P O S T S
Segment 2: Phil S. Dixon, a Negro Leagues historian sheds light on a misunderstood moment in baseball history. In the 1930s, https://www.kcur.org/post/seg-1-holocaust-survivor-photos-seg-2-barnstorming-tour …
There's a MASSIVE contingent that has done all of this "for the babies" from the beginning. That and how much they hate brown people and the LGBT+ community having the audacity to...exist.
Amazing how much of a competent leader he was, Trump doesn't even know the name of his whistleblow because he's an incompetent idiot. But we know the name: Bolton.
It's anti democratic. What's wrong with just seeing the election process play out.
The ICIG must have direct first hand knowledge not the whistleblower. Didn’t the ICIG get that when he then interviewed the witnesses? Do you expect people to be this stupid?
Our first Problem of The Week in 2/3BPR! Some groups used markers as manipulatives, some used counters, and some used snap cubes!
 donor & season ticket holder for many years now   I take pride in giving back to my school, but this is a total disgrace that players who built the roles/building/etc that you now hold feel this way! #VT #Hokies
When they decided to make it a public spectacle and involve other kids as the accused, then it doesn't matter if she's a child or not
#DictatorDonald I want to say Thank You President Donald Trump for all the craziness you have to deal with on a daily basis from the Democrats and the Fake News Media.
That screams “I am a professional and unbiased in my decisions based on the law!” NOT! Unacceptable...unless your a liberal.
That's kind of a dick move Mark. No matter if you hate the Trumps or not, don't bash a small child in a storm trooper costume.
Name one pro player switching kbm to controller please tell me. Keep crying about a setting that most pros don’t use. People act you don’t have to do anything kind of track gtfo. Kbm have countless advantages over controller but you don’t see the controller community crying
People really only focus on the bad shit and dismiss all the good stuff you really do smh
Weird how we're all just waiting to see what small percentage of the law ends up meaning anything against powerful shitbags, whereas the full brute force of the law is brought down on children and poor people without stop.
Immediately Arrest and Imprison Treasonous Traitor Trump. Punish this foreign controlled entity to the fullest extent of the law. Capital Punishment for Capital Crimes!
 I’m no longer a fan of yours. Attacking a child and his mother is petty!! I’ll be voting in 2020 for !!!  Keep up the force!!
Very prophetic. Silver gold bloodbath. Shaking out the weak hands.
 ; they were ranked #21 after week two, and PSU is #12. So the fact you said MD didn’t stand a chance this weekend on CCK today was incredibly misinformed. Js, you should know what you’re talking about before talking on
He is just trying to distract the deplorables that elected him.
these are the four i think would be most guilty of committing such a heinous act
A lot of people have the absolute wrong idea about me and I have no desire to clear shit up !!!
Fake new, you forgot the resigned judge sweared under oath he was asked to resign because he was investigating Hunter Biden?
The Mueller report discredited itself,stop trying to get meat of that dead carcass
 #answersforjerryseinfeld Q. And what’s with the tassel in my dinners check “book” (Check Presenter). A. These are so that even the drunkest, or most IQ challenged patron can get to the CCD, and pen inside to sign the bill.
There will be another Twitter earthquake if/when that does happen. The news will shake everyone. Yesterday's news on Maddon was only a forecasted severe thunderstorm.
"An incredibly grim story. Google, FB, Palantir, etc.—please get on the case. The Internet Is Overrun With Images of Child Sexual Abuse." "Hmm I think I can still fit an insult to Trump in there using the remaining characters. This seems an appropriate occasion as any"
No shit. Rebel is now completely irrelevant. Kinda always were, but this is low. The facility has rules to protect clients privacy and safety. Menzies was being obnoxious around people w autism, etc. The facility asked him to leave. This is extremely disgusting gutter trash.
Over the next 2 days the temp here is gonna drop 40 degrees... 40 degrees?!?!?! I'm gonna be in bed. #Fibromyalgia hates weather changes
Calling someone 'Matavasona' is nothing compared to calling someone 'Matavakasona' that shit hurts because it's from the heart
What the fuck just happened today? Day 984: Fractures. https://whatthefuckjusthappenedtoday.com/2019/09/30/day-984/ … via
everyone keeps bugging Sten about the Qun! leave him alone he's not an ashkaari! hes just a soldier!!
Not a chance, weak kneed liberals quit when shit gets tough, not warriors who can take the heat. He thrives off this battle, he will also win.
Scherzer looks hurt. Counsell being a better manager and the brewers bullpen gives them a late inning edge.
Please tell me that the Republican Russians do not see the daily shit made up by the white house. If Trump wanted to look for corruption, he would not need to look any further than the mirror in the white house.
i’m so upset i’ve been vegan, or so i thought, for the last two weeks and i was just about to make a veggie burger and turns out it has EGG in it????????
The bungholes vs the squeelers. Prime time. How boring.
trying to finish a draft like....the problem isn’t that I don’t have *enough* words...I just have the *wrong* words
I posted screenshots of her crap yesterday, asking Sussex Squad to report & block her. I'm glad that You're getting the folks who didn't see that one. She is Totally vile.
nono, you misunderstand. if i'm sick and sneezing a lot, the chances of those things being related in ian's mind is slim
The astrology next Monday says lots of chaos coming that day.
  Hey guys, somethings wrong with the compression on the show, noticebly lower quality, never heard it like that before. P.S. I bought another fruitcake thanks to your discussion.
Does anyone else get totally stressed out by huge chaotic kid handwriting? It takes every ounce of my self control not to erase answers and rewrite them small and on the lines.
Despite all the breaks life as given you, you sure turned into a seriously bitter old man. Guess that what the Dark Side does to its adherents. Sad.
The boy declared himself a bachelor at age 6 and hates anything fancy.
Fire has been knocked down. Please continue to avoid the Toro street area between Marsh and Pismo.
Also life is NOT about materialistic things or possession of money...that probably means nothing to him and it really shouldn’t mean anything to you, either. It’s just meaningless at the end of the day
Judge by the company a person keeps said Hillary Weiner? Sharpton? Satan? Podesta? The Hollyweird pedo and standard pervs? Her huband who raped? Clinton Body bags Where are the body bags Trump is accused of? None.
The call with Ukraine was not classified which meant by hiding it on a password protected server American citizens and the media were denied FOIA requests for the contents
My take. the left got wind he is investigating who was behind the Russia coup and they panicked and pulled out all the stops. #Trump2020LandslideVictory
cause guess who forgot her uk bank card to transfer money between accounts and then realised she didn't have enough on her nz card and needed uk google pay but had to reset it up outside of the store i was trying to buy groceries in rip
When we #ReopenAlcatraz to imprision the treasonous #Dems and #DeepState , save a cell for  . #TrumpsCivilWarLetters #MAGA
The Links Awakening ending makes me sad and i had to deal with my brother repeatedly beating+watching the ending like 4 times today
 has the lowdown if you really wanna take the pill.
What is Tetanus? Tetanus as a non-contagious bacterial disease that causes severe muscular contractions. . . During the mid-1800s, there were 205 cases of tetanus per 100,000 wounds among the US military. In early…
Mike Pence couldn’t fight his way out of a paper bag. If Trump did get impeached (probz not) the GOP would have to pick somebody from nowhere.
It also stops the extinction of the human race as well...
I got my first real raise, and all I can think about is the time a recruiter made me call a CEO and apologize (read: grovel) for being so disrespectful when I inquired about additional PTO days during the negotiation process (they offered 5). Fuck those guys. #ladiesgetpaid
devin: in many ways, a granola bar is a dick for the soul
Trudeau should be gone anyways. Can you not see that he has been disastrous for Cda. U & your staff should stop spreading Greta BS. hysteria surrounding the non issue of climate change is extremely threatening to the world. Hire some decent scientists instead of being clueless.
I just dont see the point in freaking out over it. Its how you relay percents Ex: (15%) so idk why it seems so abnormal to associate the numbers context to the right instead the left.
They are all concerned of security- so the big G updates security. Now they are concerned of monopoly, get off this shit, #hatersjealous
The Walking Dead Fear the Walking Dead Till they killed off the Lead Characters.
Insanity is trying the same thing repeatedly and expecting a different result
OK fellow Okies, spread the word across the state and put a stop to this nonsense.
Aide? Oh Boy. More solid as a soup sandwich reporting aka propaganda from the little fella Acosta.   #MAGA2020Landslide
I can only comment on Britain. Are you saying the French could have stopped the Nazi s. They were invaded months later. Why did they lose in a weekend ?
You wouldn't think empathy would be unusual, but every day on this hellsite seems to prove me wrong
Have you ever...? School edition 1. yes 2. yes 3. yes 4. no 5. ew no 6. WHATJSJIWKSOW NO 7. no 8. no 9. no 10 huh? yes? 11. yes like rn 12. no wtf 13. no 14. no 15. no drop an emoji and i'll send you the questions
AMERICA wake up the GOP train is going to crash with the Dirty Conductor Trump in it Pelosi will take over POWER OF WOMAN HOORAY
She will leave the group in Dec, and I guess ANGERME will be refurbished next year as ‘reincarnation’ in real.
Why the fuck are 59,000 people following Coffee Mate ?
Our article: "Spectral properties of chaotic signals generated by the skew tent map"just got 50 reads. via
No, i've cleared my brain of supernatural events and focus on reality. That is not the definition of deluded.
BUG EYED Rep. Adam Schiff fabricated Lies and most likely leaked to the Whistleblower about Ukraine Which happened to be second hand information which is could never be used in ANY Court of Law Except a Kangaroo Court set up by the Democrat Congress
Yikes! You're right. I heard it could be 10 games today. What! The league better get this one right. Someone needs to right this for Kane  Ref was in the wrong.
♪虹色の戦争 / 世界の終わり 生物達の虹色の戦争 貴方が殺した命の歌が 僕の頭に響く The war of the rainbow color (虹色の戦争) 生物達の虹色の戦争 貴方が殺した自由の歌は 貴方の心に響いてますか? The war of the rainbow color (虹色の戦争) By.ぽわふわてみな。
According to his hair color, he's the quiet, sarcastic, mysterious protagonist that everyone is hot for.
Not at all. I've even supporting her since the beginning and I didn't want it. As she said, it was a bad move. If you were watching, she didn[t base it on the transcript. I was on the other evidence. All the other dems got in line base or only the transcript. Not Tulsi.
He's been in office since 1/20/17. He's been impeachable every day in office. McCarthy, there is a list of impeachable offenses in the constitution. Try reading it. "The president did nothing impeachable, House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy says"
I follow the law. If i can't carry at a certain place or location i carry a pocket knife.
In Tribute To The Women Who Have Fallen In Service To The Nation https://blog.theveteranssite.greatergood.com/fallen-women-soldiers/?utm_source=vet-veterans&utm_medium=social-fb&utm_content=link&utm_campaign=fallen-women-soldiers&utm_term=3573638 …
They gonna need a fleet of prison busses to clean out the Whitehouse when that time comes. Yeehaa. Gonna be a roundup of illegal politicians. Maybe ICE can help.
Breaking No news Network at all is talking about this. They are all obsessed with the impeachment scandal....
Shoutout to the people who gave me light shows while I was rolling my ass off
Hurdle is a viable candidate. Phil's have to move on from Gabe and the Klentak era. They are numbers 1 and 1A. Also, in order to remove the lingering, stale odor of, "If we don't, we don't," dump MacPhail. Clean house!
Don’t make yourself suffer for the conveniences of others.
gonna set a goal to make it to h2oi with my car finally done the way I want looking baller as fuck within the next 5 years
Exactly. I had that happen a few times lately . Can’t respond w the logical flow of thoughts. Just the classic he’s bad, evil, racist... but no real evidence. Go figure
Nope I’m not finna have y’all in my mentions I Captioned ......cause I remember this audio but I soon know it was her the comments are people’s options sorry ://
Everyone should go see “Flyin’ West” ! I saw it in Chicago last year and have been fired up to see y’all’s production of it since you announced! DC and Howard community, this should be sold out! Get your tickets now! And I’ll see you at Thursday’s symposium on the show as well!
 There is no impeachment inquiry The House has not voted Democrats are conducting a smear probe
flower bring it trauma and rocket.... all in the same album hhghhhghhhhbhhh
Uncomfortable Conversations Join us as we talk to representatives from Federal, State, and City Legislatures about the Role of the People in Govt RSVP to: 267-331-5971 if you plan to attend. 10/7/19 6:00-7:30pm Office of State Representative Rosita Youngblood 310 W Chelten Avenue
You will, of course be publicly apologizing for smearing the Second Lady? Or is that too grown up for you?
The former Putnam County Memorial Hospital CEO and his co-conspirators organized a scheme in which they funneled more than $100 million in fraudulent insurance claims through the Unionville, Missouri hospital. https://buff.ly/2oKV7B4
 doesn't want to know what they know. They want the Allies to tell Lies, and they're using extortion, bribery, manipulation, and quid pro quo to force compliance with the illegitimate  and the entire dogshit administration
I'm puzzled by how you can claim that law when you have entered a man's home and killed him while sitting on his sofa! Black or not. She illegally entered someone's home and killed him! WTF! She was the threat!
ESPN doesn’t know anything but stats and reporting. The disrespect is craaaaazy
Certain lefty, tin foil hat wearing clowns, are spreading a conspiracy that they think it's "possible" the grandparents were paid off to keep quiet. As usual, these #TDS clowns just can't accept that this was a #FakeHateCrime. Just like #JussieSmollett.https://www.cbsnews.com/amp/news/girl-dreadlocks-lied-classmates-boy-virginia-hairstyle-hoax/?__twitter_impression=true …
I guess one requirement of being a Trump supporter is that you have to insult and belittle others. Find your soul! Our leader is a foolish, hateful man with an evil spirit. I’m praying that you and others see the light.
Y’all only like us on the internet and until y’all get mad then call us fat asses
a few hours fire alert in the building I live in, spent time on the sidewalk with fellow dwellers, It reminded me vividly of ten years ago in another building I lived in when an apartment dweller would pull the...
Am I the only one who went straight to “You’re damn right I ordered a Code Red” when you saw this? https://www.cnn.com/videos/politics/2019/09/21/cuomo-debunking-giuliani-biden-claim-cpt-vpx.cnn …
Why would we make another garbage dump in the middle of our borough that stinks and ruins our reputation again?
Anyone else fully gone off Shane Dawson’s videos ? Don’t get me wrong I love him as a person but his content just isn’t for me anymore , I miss the gang :(
according to Netflix S3E3 I think it’s the house fire storyline and someone’s dead I might watch in the future
Uh, that’s the cover-up: “code-word” level info is the highest Nat’l Security classification, where unauthorized disclosure potentially causes “exceptionally grave damage” 2 US. It’s not supposed 2B used 2 hide politically-endangering gaffes/acts that DT commits as POTUS.
No we aren’t 500 climate scientists said to the UN “There is no climate emergency. Therefore, there is no cause for panic and alarm,” they noted. “We strongly oppose the harmful and unrealistic net-zero CO2 policy proposed for 2050.”
due to something entirely unrelated to me, natalie had to cancel our dinner as she unexpectedly had never agreed in the first place
I’m down bad I almost tweeted the corniest shit ever
to all the old people who try to shove carts into glass doors at stores instead of opening the door like a normal person, WHY THE FUCK WOULD YOU DO THAAATTTT
Dewey: Some do show it. I've seen numerous videos here on Twitter or Fox or Breitbart showing the race of those who attack the orthodox Jews. While you are correct in that it's the "wrong race" for their white racism narrative...it's really that no one cares. Sadly.
I plan on dominating all the pokemon leagues now that I'm no longer staying atop Mt. Sliver.
If we all do that a few times, the red wave will be unstoppable.
Solitary confinement is the only humane option. Not for his humanity, obviously. But I doubt he has any left anyway.
Where’s the police? They should never allow anyone to block any pedestrians or vehicles on public highways. Never
But this empty street feels so empty After waking up from the dream that was you This morning of reality feels so empty
If you really want to stop the madness then... get this fucking ignorant racist rapist traitor OUT!
Im officially alive...whoever gave me the flu yo moms a hoe
anyway i have a personal beef with ppl who wear this big ass backpacks on a cramped ass bart train like the least u could do is make space and not give me a dirty look when i bump into u bc UR the asshole here
Why the goddam hell do cops allow this to happen?????
Treason. This feels close to treason. I find it ironic trump wants to arrest Adam Schiff and the whistleblower for treason yet he and Barr encourage foreign entanglements with our federal government. #TreasonousTrump #TreasonBarrhttps://www.washingtonpost.com/national-security/attorney-general-barr-personally-asked-foreign-officials-to-aid-inquiry-into-cia-fbi-activities-in-2016/2019/09/30/d50cd5c4-e3a5-11e9-b403-f738899982d2_story.html …
Cary Police say a 16-year-old boy hit Verastagui. The force of the car damaged these trash cans.  #wral
Crews work to remove a fallen tree which has smashed a car in the Wollongong CBD. It’s part of a  demonstration to launch the storm season. The agency has responded to more than 5600 storm damage jobs in the past 3 months, and 34000 over the last year.
Rudy hurt my feelings I'm headed to the safe room with a latte.
Joel, our lead #welder, has been working with our CNC plasma cutter to make some accent pieces for a trade show project. Check out the very smooth cuts Joel was able to achieve on these logo medallions. This guy got #skills!
This was in May this year . Seems the Ukraine accusations are not doing well so let’s head back to the failed Russian claims. The American public are not stupid and can see  is fighting the establishment which is now showing its true colours
“Resistance By Whistleblower” Was Part Of The Anti-Trump Plan From The Start….  "“people here will resist and push back against orders they find unconscionable,” by whistle-blowing, leaking to the press, and lodging internal complaints. "
their dad died and fans tried to cruise the funeral like a bunch of fucking psychopaths
So he's getting hit at or behind the line with less than 8 in the box. That speak to his lack of elusiveness or OL having issues
BECAUSE IT MAKES ME SAD I VISIBLY REMEMBER SEEING THIS LIVE AND HOW IT SOUNDS THE EXACT FREAKING SAME I JUST CANT LISTEN TO IT NOW
5) At present, my China exposure is fully hedged and if $NDX comes off another 2-3%, my entire portfolio will be hedged. Obviously, I don't have a crystal ball (nobody does!) but given the data, an economic downturn/contraction in 2020 wouldn't surprise me but as always...
The Real Ivanka. Before thousands in plastic surgery. You are PATHETIC!!!
The worst feeling is feeling cozy in bed one minutes and spewing sweat like a cum fountain at a gay orgy the next.
A prisoner who comes out and has sex for the first time in 20 years
“The idea is to die young as late as possible.”-Ashley Montague, Anglo-American anthropologist
Dez got attacked at the park today and this was the first time I’ve ever seen him snap the way he did. I was so scared lmao
It gets crazier with each new detail. Pompeo was on the Ukraine call? Didn’t he go to law school?
  Curious because I only caught a bit of what you were talking about earlier about the whistleblower complaint form. I heard talking about the Democrats changing the rules for filing a complaint a month ago. If that’s where your conversation stopped then
Big update: We are at 10 cities/counties that have adopted ordinances to restrict gas in new buildings. The electrification wave is growing. Details here by :https://www.sierraclub.org/articles/2019/09/forward-looking-cities-lead-way-gas-free-future …
Go crazy I don't care what you think. The evidence is there all you have to do I see for yourself. And I did not say they were all bad not at all. Do you believe the story about 911? Do you believe the story about Vegas? What about all the witnesses who disputed single shooter
What, the ones with offshore bank accounts trying to avoid new EU transparencylaws?
So NOT SURPRISED! We have only seen an inkling of the WRONG DOING going on in that SINISTER WHITEHOUSE! #TotalCorruption is easy when NO ONE THERE BELIEVES IN TRUTH, DEMOCRACY OR THE CONSTITUTION! #SelfServingCreeps!
4) A variety of monetary, CFO sentiment and macro data I follow is suggesting that earnings will disappoint next year and $SPX EPS estimates will come down. When that happens, (similar to the Russell 2000 Index whose estimates have already come down) $SPX will probably deflate.
I haven’t gone to the gym in 2 weeks wtf is wrong w me
Yes! Not just pondering, believing it wholeheartedly. I would at least threaten suicide if she becomes president {I'm too chicken}. I've been arguing we can't afford to believe everything we're told ala Trump supporters. No one seems able to grasp the comparison. It's maddening!
We’re getting closer and closer to the battle network collection
We’re furious that the media gave a pass you you RINO father.
Red Devils looking for the clean sweep as they lead Rushville 13-8 in the third set.
Do your own research. Your opinion of me is none of my business. The IC does not have any power over the executive branch. The ICIG was wrong to use urgent concern as defined in his own report!!
MEDICAL EXAMINER’S REPORT Cause of death: Patient died from acute poisoning of having the “Ninjago” theme song stuck in his head.
We did manage to get rid of this guest lecturer though, who woreds for the BBC. I can't name him on here for reasons. But let's just say he was very problematic, and the uni got rid of him... Until today when we saw him walking around!
I bought the book in the summer, but have not had a chance to get into it. So many books, so little time.
No, you should look at the corruptions in your Republican party and the complete abuse of power by the Potus. Take a good look Newt, your reputation will be stained again.
What is going on right now.. might reopen the Mueller investigation.. Have you thought of that? hahaha.. They were hiding shit.. Let something in this entire fiasco intersect with the Mueller investigation and something that Trump and Co. lied about, the wheels start again.
Canada reveals names of 2,800 victims of residential schoolshttps://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-49884387 …
Eddie has a plan. It’s called the Supernatural Wildcat. Not sure what it means but I know it includes  snapping the ball to himself. Also, there is a wormhole involved. #BBN #backtowork
Hahaha yeah I’m very much used to it. Our “winter” basically lasts from November to April, so I’ve adapted over the years. Whereas if you stuck me in a hot and humid climate I would probably melt and die
No. God you people are so dumb. It doesn't matter how I, or you for that matter, feel about Barr's investigation. The FACT is that he IS investigating. The President, ANY president, has the authority to ask foreign allies to cooperate with official US investigations.
I thought you had a choice hanging or the firing squad either will work just fine
As for Syria/Turkey, there is suppose to be a combine nine nation joint airstrike force. I am trying to find the article, but loss it.
This is, sort of the “prog rock vs punk” argument again. It’s past obvious that we’ve done a great evil in essentially EOL-ing objectivity, as a general rule, in education. But we’ve started to subtly imply this in the way we structure everything from architecture to TV shows.
HRC “lost” 30k emails, no? Did they ever find them? The same IC cleared Brett Kavanaugh too, right? But you missed the point. Just indulge me and pretend she did cover something up re: Benghazi. Just pretend. The goal was to prevent a US military commitment in Libya.
“ So what you wearing under there? “ he could feel the Priest glaring but this guy had no shame. Smiling at her.
Is this the Dr boylan who is an expert and the pro life lobby tried to humiliate and jeer at him because they were clutching at straws
 It was a set up from the beginning...fake dossier paid for by hillary and fisa obtained illegally...spying and surveillance lying and leaking...Do you know how damn sick we the people are?
I cannot fathom why Stephen Miller is so angry at American society. On the surface you would think he had many advantages. Something must have gone very, very wrong in his life to result in the man we know.
Lying liberals are not in danger. It’s the conservatives who are exposing the truth that are risking their lives.
The CORRUPTIONRadical Demskeep on feeding its beyond believe  was so antagonistic-&-vociferously showing off as a GATEKEEPER of thecorruptedSWAMP #ohWait Joe Biden was is-&-will be just the_go_do_it_boy?-&- never a truth #POTUS candidate
This me when I’m passed out drunk in the car and my cousins pull up to Enzo’s
2) After a disastrous August, my portfolio bounced back sharply in September (+6%) but this was primarily due to my short positions in the over-extended/over-valued SaaS stocks. Meanwhile, my growth stocks continued to struggle which is normal for this phase of the biz cycle.
The joke in  is that  is bad at endings but that’s utterly not the case with 1983s “Dead Zone” #bestendingever
You all! I made the cut on EVIL the other night! This was so fun to shoot! #pilotepisode #evilcbs Thank you Glen Staron for the shots. eviloncbs Thank you  #actor #casting #actorlife #filmandtvmakeup
Here’s what Caroline Calloway Said on the Red Scare Podcast https://themostvisited.com/entertainment/heres-what-caroline-calloway-said-on-the-red-scare-podcast/ …
Haha my niggas  &  got 25 songs in the top 100! THATS 25%!! Ain’t nobody done this shit before
Yeah how many parents leave their infant in the car and they die each year? It’s a tragic mistake. Outside of the rare homicide where it was planned, it’s a mistake. What do you call it?
Schiffer, you are so full of crap that I believe the general populous does not believe you
the fact that it’s supposed to be like this for the next couple days.. ugh my heart
WHAT??????Look me in the face and tell me this is ugly
Dinner reservations with the in-laws at 7pm in Lex. Shoot me.
Why would they have to change the rules if the story is fake? You’re done face it!!!
You are a criminal. You intentionally set up a secret server to defraud the American people of their oversight rights. To what end remains to be seen. But, "distinction?" My gawd, how you delude yourself.
“A blank piece of paper is God’s way of telling us how hard it is to be God.” – Sidney Sheldon – The Editors
Laura, I wonder who the Democrats will.blame for their kids in the 2020 election. It sure can't be themselves. They have not done anything that they said they wanted to do. Did they do anything for healthcare, prescription drugs, or even to help the President on his border crisis
Hey John, did you realize Trump has now violated 18 USC 371, 18 USC 373, 18 USC 1505, 18 USC 1512, 18 USC 1513(e), The Hatch Act, the Logan Act, 52 USC 30120, 52 USC 30121 and 52 USC 30124? When do you plan to act on this?
Newt, weren’t you screwing around on your dying wife, with the current Ambassador to the Holy See? That was while impeaching Bill Clinton for getting a consensual blow job.
Do you know how much time it takes to type out the replacement process? I can't be giving good advice that is not taken.
The giver gets prison, but not the receiver? #twistedDems
Bill Barr and John Durham are closing in on Obama, Biden and the Demo-rat corruption. Panic is setting.
Lamar had 30 first half passing yards against an entire backup secondary, then threw back to back picks to seal the loss Take a seat on this one boss
be the uno artist thst doesn’t completelt hate michigan when doing smaller shows </3
NFL I have lost $9K over the weekend. Hoping to win. I believe Pitts isnt that bad and they still haven't given up on the hope for the season. I probably lose but dont wanna have any regret
It will be a battle I can never fully win but I have a couple of people who give a shit and refuse to let my demons consume my mind so that helps a lot
That's my default look. Sometimes interspersed with 'slept in a skip'. I doubt that UPS man has ever recovered from me having to get out the bath and answer the door in a towel. He doesn't get paid enough for that shit.
I don’t want no tummy tuck but they can surely lipo the fuck out of my stomach n back n just gimme a lil hip n butt action with that shit
Supporting any major politician or any politician at all makes you an enemy of the people.
DEEP STATE PANIC! AG Bill Barr Met with British and Italian Intel Officials on Obama Officials Spying on Trump Campaign No wonder the Democrat party is in full panic mode & on a fast track to IMPEACH Trump. https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2019/09/deep-state-panic-ag-bill-barr-met-with-british-and-italian-intel-officials-on-obama-officials-spying-on-trump-campaign/ …
100% reversible, but then that's not very profitable to the pharmaco-medical industry, huh?
Ugh. You are so frustrating. Re-read what I wrote. I called Trump racist. I called your rhetoric racist. I called the idea Spanish speakers are not real Americans racist. Not according to me but by American POC. I have yet to call you a racist. Keep at it, you may get me to
 this has to be the worst explanation of why a plan (your climate plan) will work. “We are confident that our plan will work, because we know that Justin Trudeau’s plan does not work.” Typical conservative speak.
The synagogue I went to today had police presence. It wasn't like that when I was little.
They still be finding ya on the low by phone numbers and shit smh
It's crazy how global K-pop has become. Looking at my site’s stats, THE BIAS LIST has received views from every country/territory in the world EXCEPT Western Sahara, Guinea, Central African Republic and Svalbard. That includes exactly ONE view from North Korea! #kpop
Threatened by his personal involvement? Seriously you can’t see the other side of this? #JournalismIsDead
The statue's all dirty. But that's proof that it's been watching over us for ages!
I need a fucking tissue this weird throat/cold/issue is bothering the fuck out of me.
You know, when Trump sends his trolls here, he's not sending the best.
All the bad energy from the people I’ve had/have in my life just ruined it
#Resisters This faux POTUS has shamed White House It’s time to send Trump to the infamous NYC prison system!            #Resistance
Modernity -Constant 50 db background noise -Cities that do not make sense sans Google Maps -Buildings with no internal or external embedded logic -Relationships without the framework of church/community High, unnecessary, constant cognitive load. Anxiety is guaranteed.
Can you even image what would be happening in the Republican world right now if Tricky Trump was a Democrat? Washington would be burning!
But instead of being dumped in offshore detention centres, they can live and work in Australia for the years it takes their applications to be processed.
Julien's Aries energy is fucking with me from behind the screen. Somehow the entire layer I was working on got filled in...while using the pen tool. Control Z does nothing. The pen is completely bugged out. Damn you Juileaaaaaaaan!!!!
This was many years ago, i changed a lot ever since looking back to old pictures & videos. I guess i already embracing the future and others seems to be stuck & re-living in their lifes. I am pointing out to the community of #ThunderBay. Just saying. #AlexanderCliftonDesnoyers
1/Translation: You don't give a shit about the Constitution. They can die in the Senate just fine with the numbers they have, that's the role they're supposed to have under the Constitution. The power he's using is just supposed to be for prioritization, but he's putting NOTHING
Igual, pero al mismo tiempo viendo The walking dead, osi
Why didn’t the person who was privy to the conversation with the President file the whistle blower complaint himself?
Damn straight. My family thinks I'm nuts about how I preach never going in any place you don't know how to get out of and avoiding focus lock to maintain good SA. If 30 yrs ago you told me that we'd need combat zone skills to go to the grocery store I'd have said you were crazy!
Done with stupid for the day. Gonna focus the rest of my night on some well rounded titties.
Okay then I’m roasting beyond sausage over the fiery blaze that will be your house
Meh. I haven't been in the mood to write since my husband's car accident a month ago.
Your not trash your the Pussy Slayer of the Leaf, we all know you go hard
Um.. false? https://www.politico.com/news/2019/09/30/justice-barr-trump-foreign-investigation-013583 … It's all here. Do you even know what #crowdstrike is? Hillary accused Russia of hacking the DNC servers, yet the DNC blocked the FBI from looking at their servers--and instead, hired a Ukrainian company called Crowdstrike to investigate.
Charlie either you defend our Constitutional Republic or you stand with Trump’s abuse of office, the choice is yours.
#Neuropathicpain or #neuropathy can be related to #cancer + its treatments, or #diabetes, #kidneydisease + other #seriousillness. It can also be the result of an accident or injury. #Palliativecare helps improve your . #bcsm #btsm #gyncsm #humansofPChttp://bit.ly/2mse4HZ
Lie after Lie Obama is the Liar that keeps giving. How is the New Property Purchase going ?
it doesn’t help that they mix the Jamaican stuff too imma sucker for that shit.
Stop listening to podcasts who didn’t know not to download the face aging app..
Thanks for listening OED. I listened to your story + I don't think mine is any worse because it all seems relative. I know people that sound like they have had it worse + people with seemingly average painful events- yet they all came to the same destination.
I’ve always been the only one I can rely on to pick myself up and put my own shit back together after life knocks me down and it’ll always be that way. The minute you put your happiness in another persons hands is the minute it gets dropped, every. damn. time.
That would probably redesign how uncomfortable the chairs are!
Living w/severe/persistent #nervepain? Ask your doctor for a referral to #palliativecare to improve your . #Palliativecare relieves the symptoms + stress of #seriousillness, including #pain. #cancer #diabetes #bcsm #gyncsm #kidneydisease #humansofPChttp://bit.ly/2mse4HZ
IT ISSS THE POST THE lihrinf the symbolism so hhhh it’s not easy to la d a chess thing
It seems to be a new photo shoot. The style is very different from that of June, made in Thailand.
If you're saying 1 year that the system is corrupt and there's no such thing as a quality loss and then the next year advocating for your team because that's how the system has always been, it's being a hypocrite. Sorry I don't see how you don't see that.
President Trump encouraging citizens 2defend themselves from attacks is NOTHING like the Dems telling ppl to get in conservatives faces in public. To follow them everywhere & make them uncomfortable. Or punching peaceful catholic kids. THAT is “incitement”. See the difference.
Isn’t that what the Mueller team did and the Democrats? Don’t act like there is something wrong with this. Can you hear the footsteps? Getting closer to the biggest witch hunt in U.S. history.
“US Officials” = #WeissmannReport officials. The same group that was tasked with invest. election meddling but didn’t investigate Democrats election meddling with Ukraine or their paying PUTIN millions for dirt. I believe the guy selling a Rolex at swap meet before that group.
"I've never seen one talking point from the White House..." Well hell, all the rest of us did.
Bernie will be indicted for complicity in Russiagate. There's a reason Mueller specifically mentioned the Bernie Sanders campaign in para. 43 of the Russian criminal indictment.
Plenty of exposed form and very few first starters or first uppers? Where's the risk?
Seeing as my video that’s going up today is about child abuse. Yes. Cause the shit needs to stop
Just got home from the game so no stream tonight I’m sure you understand.. I will be live tomorrow
You seriously believe that one side of a negotiation should make public their strategy during the negotiation. What do you propose, that we ask the other side not to peek?
Miles lemme know where you getting that crack from the 80s cause he ain’t got shit on 50
I love the sound of the rain so I guess having it rain every day for a week is spoiling me but come on, I wouldn't mind some nice walking weather
They don't even have to investigate ANYTHING, just request from the Ukraine any information on an investigation into Hunter Biden, or the company he was working for before the firing.
Can you link me to this document? His article is still doing the rounds in deniers circles
You only passed the test because you waited to cheat
Cuz fuck spreading awareness right? As soon as people stop talking about it and it isn't on the front page, no one cares. Personally, I'm glad celebrities are keeping this in our face.
No Contest. #TheFiend #BrayWyatt will jump in the match. #HIAC #RAW
Not a single player above a 7 in the sky ratings , and this is meant to be the best/ biggest league in the world . Fuck off
Can’t forget to mention that i also met some of the sweetest people
You complaining already? Sheeeah, I see why the rams left
There's plenty of fish in the sea bro don't lose hope x
Sorry Senator McCain passes. He kept you in check. Impeach Trump. And MCConnell. And Bahr. And the rest of the pro authoritarian, non democratic supporters of Trump. And Trump encourages civil war. Disgusting!!!
Where is this poll.... every poll you guys ever post ... I’ve never seen actual lines of people taking the poll.... so yea... but no this is credible
I think there are ppl in the congress that Trump has dirt on, and those are he most vociferous ones.
The Repo Loan Crisis, Dead Bankers, and Deutsche Bank: Timeline of Events https://wallstreetonparade.com/2019/09/the-repo-loan-crisis-dead-bankers-and-deutsche-bank-timeline-of-events/ …
Pulled up to work today and this is the moment where I realized my country ghetto ass really wound up living in the place I’ve been dreaming of and literally manifesting since I was 9.
"Investigate the Investigators" is just the latest, bullshit, Right Wing chanting. It's nonsense. It's troll-speak to keep simple minded people busy. Trump is conflating 3 different conspiracies and idiots like this piece of work are pushing this nonsensical rot for him.
Not sure what motivated her to do that. Should be expelled from the school and fine the parents. Move on and learn your lesson young lady.
No Austin, Texas visit is complete without visiting the USA’s number one grocer for organic and sustainable food.  #Headquarters #EattheRainbow
Then she had the nerve to get upset that I called her out on it saying she can’t ever say shit. Uhh cause you should be happy for him without mentioning someone’s sexuality every sentence and how you abhor it? Sorry not sorry
Don’t forget to take care of urself and be productive today. Set the tone for the rest of the month n stop being a bum ass bitch! Unfollow/block people man fuck all that history n burn those useless bridges! 3 months left of 2019 bitch we gotta stop settling, make some moves!!
I so badly want to go there and show them who the boss is.
 DrCreep doesnt work for the US Government— He does NOT speak for us— And he is a freaking Hungarian RussianMob asset. Get him the f*ck away from the
Replacing all my dollar store candy with edibles that cost $150 for a small package and going into student loan levels of debt to give the kids one memorable halloween they will forget
Also the antithesis is the direct opposite of something so the direct opposite of a fascist is running as a democrat?
The more that comes out, the more frightened I get. Is the country I love doomed?
Smackdown had a sick ass stage for its time!!! The good days
Trump is sick and tired of being accused of all the things he’s done!
Manager - Cyber & IT Risk - perm/downtown Toronto - participate in the development & execution of a second line defense program for our enterprise client. Work with executive level stakeholders, identify emerging risks, GRC tools required - kbarr.com #cybersecurity
Yeah, I remember being told the ‘experts’ ‘professionals’ and ‘know-it-alls’ could handle business better than me, too. Then I lived through all of their stupidity, laziness, incompetence, deception, racism, bigotry, the list goes on and on.
While we began to talk about Rita Joe's "I Lost My Talk" poem today for #OrangeShirtDay, I realized they knew a lot about WHAT Orange Shirt Day is and the story behind it...but a lot of my students' understanding about Canada's history stopped there.
Hey buddy, reality check. They all are on, every side. It's about the power to push through your legislation not integrity or honor.
I think what she meant was the fandom was just joking about attending the wedding but those girls took it seriously and actually showed up
The way she caused Tacha's disqualification that's how she will leave the house without the money
niggas really worship the ground they btc walk on and i gotta beg for bare minimum shit. never again bitch won’t get me
"I'll drink your fuckmilk" What the fuck does that mean?!
Uruguay Condemns at UN the American Blockade to Cuba http://www.radioreloj.cu/en/international-news/uruguay-condemns-at-un-the-american-blockade-to-cuba/ …
That's not false, idiot "fact-checkers". Your argument amounts to, they change the law to allow hearsay using standing procedures. But the decision was recently. You people are PATHETIC! Are you using opioids as you write this stuff???
I was going to get shit done today but I just got SLAPPED with the sick stick and I don't think I can move
stolen. please pretend like the answer isn’t obvious. drop your last 7 emojis and let your followers decide if you’re a top or a bottom:
Your tweet confirms everything I have said. The dumbest are always the most likely to republish lies, as you have over and over again. At this point I doubt your ability to read and write, let alone have a discussion about objective facts. I really feel sorry for you actually.
clothes." Women have to fear Allah and feel that sense of modesty which is part of the nature of women and which is part of faith & its obligatory.
It’s absolutely exhausting being the only one putting effort into a relationship (friendship, family, & intimate) Don’t be the only one. Every relationship requires 50/50 & if you’re not getting your half, stop giving it. People will only treat you as bad as YOU allow them to.
 I have an old Hp Photosmart C7280 All in One that finally burned out. Do you have a recycling program where I can send it in and you can resume parts? I would hate to just throw this in the trash!
I’ve been to events and spent $0. Because I have friends who love me and wants me to be there. These people offer because they’re wonderful. Will I ask them to fuck off and pay my rent instead? No. That comment was ignorant and presumptuous. She can fuck the fuck off.
GirlDmFact: GirlDm stems from the ancient European tradition of sticking leaves on a fire poker. American children in the late 1200 often spent their time outdoors running around with the nicknamed, “Leaf Poker,” playing in a game they called, GirlDm.
I hear/witness this cowardly b.s. almost daily, but sure... "racism is dead," "the only racism anymore is against white people," etc, etc et-stupid-c *rage*
People look this guy finish talk say na crossing merchant because he perfected the art of crossing the ball. No foolishness wey I no go see for twitter sha.
A3 We have lots of food waste at our school. Ss created a plan to limit the waste. They created ?s & sent them to the District Food Service, researched how other schools donate food, and are n ow creating a presentation for our P - just an example #formativechat
...if dreaming is the only way to be with u,then ill never open my eyes..
And I just think it's ironic in 2019 that people are now okay if she isn't a super hard core tomboy when that was the actual reason they all hated the Manga version of her. So hence, White deserved a chance all along.
I miss Austin, I have to relocate there. The vibe is everything to me.
It should be abolished from the english language by everybody. You quit using a word and it stops being used.
Watched prison break 13 reasons, black mirror , breaking bad, lucifier and black summer and stranger was the best
Does your sister have children or grandchildren? If so, she should be more worried about the world we are leaving them than her stupid 401k
If there is any truth to the rumor that the Pats are in on Stefon Diggs, I may lose my mind...
The only thing that has issues with legitimacy is this administration who used you as a diplomat when you hold no position to carry out such tasks.
i am so tired. my god am i tired. this world feels like it has no mercy. this world feels so incredibly cold and alone. i feel so incredibly cold and alone, all the time. i’ve been trying to change it for years and it just. won’t. go. away.
Same...But she even went further with me. Texting me through DM and asking me how to get Tobin's attention and how I got him to like me blah blah blah and then I wanted to reply and I couldn't bc she blocked me. And I was shocked to hear that I wasn't the only one. So disgusting.
That man got himaroids ,he got a outstretched butthole, that man got a dry mouth n teeth missing from forced **** thrusting, that man like" if I could turn, turn back the hands of time, then I would tell her she's too young to be mine"
China is not celebrating 70 years of “communism”. It has had state capitalism for decades, and is gradually moving towards private ownership of capital. Communism (or socialism) means collective ownership of the means of production and distribution. That is NOT what China has.
Trump Asked Scott Morrison For Dirt On The Mueller Investigation Reveals Bombshell Report Donald Trump directly asked Scott Morrison to cough up information about origins of the massive FBI inquiry into 2016 US election according to explosive new report https://www.pedestrian.tv/news/donald-trump-scott-morrison-russia-inquiry-phone-call/ …
I’m not gone call or say one word but if his daddy drops him off at his nana house he gone be pissed with me for the rest of the week
The Messenger of Allah (saw), said: "“Let no woman look at the ‘awrah of another woman and let no man look at the ‘awrah of another man; the ‘awrah of a woman in front of another woman is from the navel to the knee”, which they interpret as indicating that women may wear short
"'What we need to do is look at the weight of evidence — that’s what courts of law use,' said Dr. Walter Willett.." Um, actually no, doctor. Courts of law are supposed to prove beyond a shadow of a doubt.
Where is the tummy ache coming from.. what have I done to deserve this level of pain?
Mom isn't 100 percent yet.... still trying to get over the ick...but this little lady falling asleep in my lap.......helps a little. https://www.instagram.com/p/B3DfAY_Amd-/?igshid=7u8k5exjbic4 …
that math problem contest the scariest of them all
when you get done washing the dishes and see those big ass pots
"Attacking YouTube Camera Reviewers is Ridiculous" https://ift.tt/2n34GuK Jaron Schneider Over the past few weeks, two separate pieces have been published here on PetaPixel attacking YouTube photographers and camera reviewers. Whether it be this video from Mik Milman, or this…
I need a shit ton of money ..... Just throwing that out to the universe
Just got the mail Medicare prescription plan is going up triple and the scum Democrats Say Medicare for everyone Lying corrupt bastards Everyone and now you have the Nerve to attack Trump
The Google translate app is priceless! Having the kids be able to hover over text and have it translated is a game changer. I haven't found equivalent ability in other tablets.
Knee update.... The meds that gave me dont work I'm waiting for approval for a CT still...also shes swollen after a 30 minute excursion to run errands... pain is nearly unbearable
Sony and Marvel may have screwed up their production/distribution bromance, but we can still revel in this week's new DVD release. Check out the trailers and movie info for "Spider-Man: Far...
Automatic weapons are banned in Canada but assault style weapons like the AR 15 is not but it should be!! As a Canadian citizen I don’t believe that any Canadian should be allowed to own these type of firearms
This weekend, I worked with an incredible group of engineers to release a two-track hip hop mixtape. The catch? The beat, lyrics, and voice were generated by AI Check it out here:  Shout out to  for spitting some fire verses on a track
Watching the Where We Are Tour and have no shame jamming to it while doing homework and drinking wine
Go to DM. Upper right corner click the "i" icon. It gives you the option to leave conversation. Leave.
Choose your one kpop girl 1. IU 2. Sunmi 3. Arin 4. Rosé 5. Wheein 6. Mina 7. Jimin 8. Seungyeon 9. i cant do this :( 10. i cant do this either lol 11. Nako 12. hOW both 13. Sana 14. Hyuna 15. Taeyeon 16. Ryujin drop an emoji and i'll send you the questions
Looking forward to the day when your backward country becomes civilized and stops assaulting women. https://www.theguardian.com/world/2019/sep/30/moroccan-journalist-hajar-raissouni-jailed-abortion …
Intimidating witnesses. Threatening people on the Judicial Committee with treason. I agree 100%.
how this country has turn against the media and democrats,. The call was legal and there is treaty with Ukraine to help in investigating Biden, Majority of Americans know the media has wage a war on Americans who voted for the president we will fight the lies
I’d say she’s the least net negative. But yes, Politico was a breeding ground for a particular style of hot garbage and hiring its star reporters was a mistake for anyone
No one's going to die by eating poison, rather than make shit out of the poison and put it on the face of those responsible for the crisis..
ONE of the issues is soliciting a campaign contribution (value) of foreign gov handy for trump, he's "failed" to appoint people to FEC so they now lack a quorum to adjudicate anything (handy for us: FEC isn't only arbiter of "conspiracy to defraud US" ... but it'll take longer)
y'all made play that song by train, the laziest thing i have ever heard with my own ears, go platinum and i'll never forgive you for it
Don’t believe the polls. That said, they will run with figures in the fake polls to support moving forward. This is so stupid, there is nothing else of the past to even compare it to.
IF THIS AINT THE CUTEST DATE EVER OMG PLS TAKE ME WITH YALL NEXT TIME
if he doesn’t understand the office jokes, dump him sis
Don't play with the hustle, you eat or you starve Don't mimic pretenders, just be who you are
It is obvious it's a continuation of the #witchhunt trying to distract from the #avalanche of #damning #Democrat news forthcoming from the #IGReport. Domestic and International #Ukraine #Democrat #biden and #Obama #Admin will likely be implicated for #election #meddling.
Look at him! The Devil just got some details! #BoldandBeautiful The wheels in his sick head go spinning like shiny rims on a low rider...
he's right in the middle of that cover-up I can just imagine what's on the full transcript. Such corruption
Follow the way of the women of the Sahaabah who used to wear loose garments which would drag along the ground. The Prophet (peace and blessings of Allaah be upon him) allowed them to let it trail up to a cubit, but no more than that.
for the right wing it's no costume. Of course you focus on the notion he's saying that to the little child rather than to her parents because you go for the convenient point.
They all will bend each other over and screw the next on over
Indeed. But you may be interested to know that in my home town #Bulawayo it was known as suicide month owing to the heat and sometimes delayed onset of rains. It is on the edge of the Kalahari desert.
Another sad reality, the tolerance and equal treatment between any two individuals is always subject to the personal limitations of each persons limited scope of perspective.
Then they crumble, that's why their dictatorship of a brand is only attacking the schools out of desperation
I tried to find a gif of the Predator pulling the spine from his victim but alas, no
Bruh bored but when reporters was askin question about the time he looked sad as fuck. Gotta trade Campbell ass too
same i feel bad sometimes.. other than kcon and the occasional pic they haven't done anything in so long:-(
The more I re-watch the office (which is basically 74 times through to be conservative) I realize that Roy is actually just a dude trying to have a good time and Pam is just boring as hell while Jim tries to get with an already taken woman.
Can ya just bring back the servers up for old games, plenty ppl dont enjoy the new ones why we being forced to play these trash nee ones
When the hell are you going to start investigations into the FBI,CIA set up? Are you waiting for IG report or what?.. please keep us informed. You keep saying you will, and we wait and wait and wait.. Or are you part of the Deep State too?
African movies are wild . If it’s not the graphics best believe it’s the story line
That press conference was a joke he basically through maddon under the bus for all the he messed up
You see that is a fundamental lie repeated endlessly by #Assange social media and debunked entirely in public courts of law. The alleged rape victim took herself to hospital for a rape kit BEFORE going to the police. That’s in the first Swedish police report. Look it up.
Now if they could only solve the homeless, and poop in the street problem. The more the plans fail, the more the planners plan. It’s just another useless government program.
Negl when the felony Steve thing started and I had no knowledge of parx I thought he was a real rapper i-
You have OFFICIALLY made my day! Uh oh, does this mean that Little Louie hails from war mongers? Although, if I think about it, he does seem trained in the art of surveillance...
Time for the gender reveal! I’m having a boy a girl a fucking panic attack
Me: *reads legend of the five rings core book* Also me: *begins making a Unicorn Clan Battle Maiden*
Lying Donnie, you said you withheld the aid needed by The Ukraine, to get dirt on Biden and dirt on Hillary’s server very impeccable
Have you ever been on a roadtrip, and that song she did for zootopia randomly shuffles on, and blast through the speakers?! I almost died.
Completely forgot in the Mad Men episode where Don has a panic attack after he finds out he accidentally ok’d a background check by the dept of defense that he got Sally tickets to see the Beatles at Shea Stadium in 65.
Also get his conspiracy theories on the record then call in a multitude to discredit. #RudyColludy is entertaining but he's cray-cray.
can we all just chill out and instead of attacking other ppl for their dietary choices, maybe go fight for change in the meat and fishing industries which are the ones that are actually causing major problems
If we could think our way out of lostness, pain, regret, and the messiness of life, the brain would be an enduring, global, visual symbol. But instead the most recognized symbol in the world is a first century Roman cross.
Bitch keep your shit up and I'm gonna make the weather committee put a fucking hurricane over your house do not test me
Don’t forget practices moving forward are Tuesday and Thursday’s right after school on the field. Open to all, not just returning players!
Surprised the flag went up so quickly tbh... Thought the officials were supposed to delay a flag now and check on VAR later?
Now I will complete what I want to say the innocent haters you can find in them still hope with conditions for example the hater for a reason once they know the truth they are not haters anymore and here were the conditions how much the real haters with intent got them involved
I’ve came to the conclusion that I’m not gf material & accepted it.
Yes Antony but (& its a big BUT) when we became Americas whore ( thnx ) our ministers like Downer are seen as "errand boys" inc. our female MPs because its #teamUSA all the way #auspol
I HATE coming to the doctors. Even if it’s for nothing
 Would not do it because they would have access to my accounts in which they have stolen mostly all my money. Presidents and the Justices from the high Court are involved. I have saved American Lives in this WAR. This is The THANK YOU THAT I GOT from being in this WAR.
Democrats have been claiming to “fix” the education system for decades. After hundreds of millions it’s in worse shape- democrats don’t fix anything they cause chaos and confusion. Same thing with homelessness & where do we find the worse homelessness- in democrat strongholds!
The problem is that Nancy Pelosi and a bunch Democrats crabs believe it without any evidence, as a Congress Man/ Women! Fabricated! Sad for Democrats! You can criticize Donald Trump but not this kind of crabs, LOW!
UNFORTUNATELY, MANY Republicans are as GUILTY as the DEMS! They, too, will fall!
I don't like boitys music because she can't rap is different from I don't like boitys music because she can't read therefore gas the personality of white paper. Do you know her?
You gotta be stupid as hell to piss off the intelligence agencies... #DeadlineWH
Dear Mother, the battle here rages on, General Barr is losing ground. I long for this blasted war to end (sorry for cursing). Major McConnell concedes Pvt. Bonespurs will be tried for treason. I long for the day when I return to your bosom, (sorry again), Mike #CivilWar2Letters
Every one of them, but, you don't know what fiscally conservative means. It does not mean indiscriminately cutting taxes while not controlling spending. A true fiscal conservative balances the books. I would never take an appreciable hit to revenue without cutting spending in my
Anything for a headline that diverts attention from the miserable reality.
Just getting warmed up! Americans want to see Donald Trump face the penalty, of his crimes! .  I think it's called TREASON
Congress wants to see these documents. Hence the subpoena. Copout? It's the point of the subpoena, no?
What false accusation? We have the call transcripts and Trump’s own words to damn him.
i know gods got the wheel but he must be falling asleep or sum
I am a Nigerian Prince who sent the sum of 3 million US dollars to Donald Trump. I am so embarrassed.
To the contrary, gun control in the United States was rooted in racism. Also, there is plenty of evidence to support that claim
When it’s Monday night and you’ve got the dub up and don’t need a damn thing from anyone
Disrupting death: The billionaire who wants to extend our lifespans https://www.movetosydney.com/disrupting-death-the-billionaire-who-wants-to-extend-our-lifespans/ …
Today, two Republican House members announced their retirements, Russia has expressed fear about Putin calls becoming public, Mike Pompeo was caught lying about Ukraine call, AG William Barr was revealed to be "investigating" the Mueller investigation, & Stacy Dash was arrested.
The term "Illegal Alien" is not hateful speech. It in fact means that someone is in fact an "Illegal Alien". They made a willful choice to break immigration laws and enter a country illegally or overstay a visa.
Who has a Facebook from the Salem area , I will pay you $150 plus to use your account... I got some investigating to do
There's no one remaining on the right to scream about how fucking surreal this all is because they've all either been kicked to the curb, or, their entire business model is monetizing this lunacy.
As usual, the dem-socialist. Accuse others of which you are already guilty of.
Now Evelyn . . . I know you not talking about the Bronx with these lies.
Let's no lose sight that the bastards in the GOP are taking away healthcare bit by bit by bit. They need to be stopped. #VoteThemOut #VoteBlueToSaveAmericahttps://www.washingtonpost.com/health/i-would-be-dead-or-i-would-be-financially-ruined/2019/09/29/e697149c-c80e-11e9-be05-f76ac4ec618c_story.html …
Isn't that the truth! What the hell is up with that?
Depends are the IQ at that point. Would be unfair for higher level players who know how to work around that play style
Waiting for the AI to spit out a BORN TO DIE, WORLD IS A FUCK variation
I’ve absolutely charged some travel I didn’t quite have the money for. When I think major debt, I’m thinking $5k+. A few hundred-$2k you can pay off in a few pay periods is pretty normal I think for everyone.
It’s a bittersweet night, but that’s a sick shirt. Respect in the highest to The Bad Boy. Watching #CurtainCall live from the Cape on .  Can I get a whoop whoop?
This is the kind of ignorance and lack of facts that makes you shake ur head and laugh. This person clearly has no understanding of metaphors or deeper meanings. You really be out here thinking “Email my heart” by Britney is about her boyfriend sending her an email
People will vote for Trump just because of YOU. There is no one less patriotic, more cowardly, and plainly pathetic + reckless than YOU. I know Trump appreciates all you are doing to ensure his re-election in 2020. Keep up the fine work!
I’m tryna share the link to my damn new blog post and Twitter is telling me “this looks automated we can’t post this cuz it’s spam” ... bitch !!! Let me post my shit mayne
Go to https://www.cpocpac.org/ and register #Republican today. Join the fight to return balanced democracy to #California and end the 's majority stranglehold on our state.
My Impeachment Applesauce, Yum! Thanks for big TV’s I can see from the kitchen or this would have never happened. Great coverage, MSNBC and CNN.
I don’t hide. I’m just going to beat the fuck out of you .
Takes like yours are a joke. Talking about how bad Wazzu’s defense is? How he hell did Love do against CSU? 50%, 204 yds, 2 interceptions. Ya - that’s not the best QB in the state, not even close. He’s has the 90th best QBR in the country for a reason, with the state’s worst SOS
FYI ignorant , ALL those emails classified & unclassified belonged to the American people, it is criminal to destroy GOVERNMENT/PEOPLES’ PROPERTY.
We shall never... ever forget our uncomfortable truth! We shall always remember the names of the children that never came home. Many of the parents were never informed.
you will NEVER see me on the net complaining about support. It’s looks so sad like bro
You should be old enough to remember what it was like and how much it changed as I do but now these idiots are causing old racial tensions to rise back up and are destroying the progress we made! And even worst they are fascist totalitarians! They might as well be brown 1/2
Elon has his faults as we all do but, how anyone can not recognize his amazing achievements is baffling. This video is one of the most exciting things I have witnessed in my lifetime. Up there with the first shuttle launch. Oh, and of course he changed the auto industry forever.
Not true, your people, the under-educated, treated 44 much worse. We are just giving you, the biggest conman in America, his just desserts for lying and deceitful practices.
I think he's forgetting the south lost the civil war. South = MAGA; sorry, south.
Exactly. This #IllegitmateRegime kowtows to murderers a la #Khashoggi and #tyrants and throws its own people under the bus without blinking.
the plot twist is that no member of bts has ever been around enough black people at once (if the antiblack stereotype of violence is the point here) to get jumped. cant get jumped when you only interact w one black person at a time and thought my son Khalid was scary
and circling shade proves; those along the sun's line experience a bit more light/day. the further away from its line experience more darkness/night. and no where will the sun set a straight vertical.. the southerns have a smaller diagonal set than the rest
you better keep your head high and do the music shit , DONT LET NOTHING STOP YOU
Hello girls. Guess wht ? I baru tahu dekat damansara uptown ada xing fu tang, the alley and soon black whale. And also some more of bubble tea shop (infamous)
You know Schitt had that ready before anything was released and never expected Trump to release the actual transcript. It is SO obvious what the set up was, but Trump screwed it up for them. But not all is lost, they will pursue this for a few more weeks.
None of this is surprising. That is the #Sad fact. #TrumpResignNow
As an ex Sailor and administration Manager of a several prisons, I wouldn’t count Ships Queer or Prison Queer in the singular.
This is kinda awkward that its not fully English, but here is the video along with some English subs:
well for starters i never said trans men aren’t real men :/ i said that a transgender man and a cisgender man are two different genders. me saying that they are different genders isn’t me invalidating the manhood of trans men because they are men.
"Making a claim to Truth is itself violence" is very much western enlightenment thinking fully realized. There was never any reason to think this line of attack would stop with the metaphysical.
true, but sometimes just applying takes forever. to go through all that to finally get the interview only to find out its minimum wage is what i'm trying to avoid.
And it’s more than that. I couldn’t stand Bush but I could see he was a decent human being - one with empathy. Can you imagine what Trump would have done right after 9/11? Bush went to a mosque. Still was a terrible President but the cruelty here is mind blowing
no it isn't. I said for Biden (whose family was poor and made it into the middle class when his Dad started selling used cars) his viewpoint is somewhat different than yours. Secondly, I'm just comparing words of his tweet to what you said & pointing out contradictions.
bitches take pride in fucking half of the dudes in fort wayne lmao... embarrassing
♪Spiderman, Spiderman,Does whatever a spider can.Spins a web, any size.Catches thieves- just like flies.Look out! Here comes the Spiderman♪
I’m procrastinating at the gym so let’s do this drop your 4 recent emojis and let your followers decide which one you are more
No he didn't. You're grasping at straws, trying to avoid impeachment. You committed impeachable crimes, and you should be held accountable. No one is above the law.
I’m not gonna lie tho the cop that helped me today was cute as fuck I should’ve ask him if he wanted to go grab a donut or something
8. Kasumi Nakasu - ダイアモンド Yeah no, too hyper for me, and the fact that she has to rely on ad-libs to carry her song, plus she probably has the most annoying ass vocals and background. Sit down, thot.
Were going for my birthday! Then we plan on going to the silo of screams with his family later this month! But Layton’s parents already tatted him out and said he’ll leave me
"Me and this ass belongs to the C.O.V; in other words, tough shit."
over the past month and a half i’ve absolutely spent more time frantically wandering around thrift stores than i have spent socializing (in any capacity). no one told me the glamorous life of freelance costume designing for low pay was gonna come with so many sacrifices!!!!!
The Pharrell’s and the Yeezy Citrins are on store shelves here in Cincy. Kinda feel bad for anyone who paid resale for them.
In Vegas Memo, being hype that he is, tried to take a pic of this nice ass ceiling. I innocently, accidentally got in his way. Then, this bitch slaps the fuck out of my back with all the strength in his right arm. Loud ass smack too, shit sounded like skin on skin.
#FBR #Resist #MAGA #voteblue Little by little, bit by bit. When it comes to impeaching Trump I'd rather see the #Democrats take it slow and dot all the "i"s, cross all the "t"s and get it right the first time than to see them rush thru it and get it wrong. https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-trump-whistleblower/democrats-want-access-to-trumps-phone-calls-with-russias-putin-others-schiff-idUSKBN1WE0GN …
 singlehandedly brought down the mafia in NY, you think he’s going to be intimidated by pussyhat wearing idiots
Or been involved in a shakedown by the Obama administration, or Eisenhower's, or Ford's, or Reagan, Carter, Clinton et al...step up one and all...
And when he said all this and incited hate against other communities, did any court call him? Did any police officer arrest him for inciting crime? If not, then the Indian Judicial system has become a joke. People can openly call to kill others on media and nobody can do anything
UK PM Johnson asks EU to block Brexit delay: The Times https://reut.rs/2oLreAz
 Ask a biased question...get a biased answer. Q: “to reduce the risk of an outbreak a bill has been proposed…Do you favor/oppose this bill?” MarketResearch101: never use leading, loaded, double barreled questions.  should know better https://tinyurl.com/UCBdata
trying really really hard to think of who it is that Greentea Peng’s voice reminds me of and the closest I came was Macy Gray but it’s not quite right
 The results of the latest polls are in, you are still the worst president the US has ever seen. #Loser #Resign #ResignNow #MAGAResign
Once the group started, some of them will be serial killers of different sorts!!
The fact that I have to be at work at 5 a.m. tomorrow (and get up at 4 a.m.) is really killing my vibe. It doesn't help that I know it'll be a 12-hour day.
with which they strike the people, and women who are clothed yet naked, walking with an enticing gait. They will not enter Paradise nor even smell its fragrance, although its fragrance may be detected from such and such a distance.”
A3dapi.dll is available in service packs in windows 7 and windows xp. I might be able to install a service pack that could fix the problem completely with the dll and other dlls that kotor 2 might need.
SeaRam is fine for self defense. If you want a smaller navy in fewer places keep adding requirements. It’s a presence ship, that can pinch in on ASuW, but mainly shows the flag, does mine warfare and contributes in shallow water ASW.
Sometimes we fall into them who consistently portraying themselves as defenders of humanity. While what they've done is covering their own side, being denial to the real story from the opposite side, and somehow our hearts is full of hate to their opponent.
Can someone plese tell  that adderall, heroin, cocaine, and a chewing tabacco addiction is not the move. I feel bad. I don't know how else to help him. He's only 18
morgan telling his past in this episode baby needed to be protected from everything bad in the world
On hold with USPS about my fursuit I hold sold to a buyer in the UK who couldn’t pay customs, long story short the box is still stuck there 11 days later, just want my fursuit back so I can sell them to a US buyer If it takes too long I’ll just go to the post office Saturday
Stuff you, or people who know you have put on the Web. and public records from criminal and/or civil courts. and the more well-known you are, the more likely your shit is being sold to anyone with a little cash, who wants to find you.
People on the left can violently tear down MAGA signs and publicly announce they want Trump assassinated, then play the victim game and cry to the media to get support. Can you imagine if conservatives acted the way liberals act?
No, I am the whistleblower!! I heard every liddle dirty detail from here in NZ.
Bloody hell. Ego has to be backed up by the bum boys as well. Forever in my shadow. Now Bye Bye. Cannot be associating with irrelevant people like yourself
"No! Let me see it again! Please! After that you can arrest me, I just need to see it again!!!" His despair now is not being able to see his art again, he putted much effort to kill that entire family. As they were going away from the house, +
“Companies are trying to control multiple variables for each order, often without a clear view of the big picture.” #supplychain #business #logisticshttps://www.forbes.com/sites/forbesbusinessdevelopmentcouncil/2019/09/30/supply-chain-inefficiencies-can-crush-customer-experience-and-cost-you-millions/#5e23d6d87dd3 …
1 CENT: The Hunger Games Catching Fire Blu-ray Disc (no DVD) http://rover.ebay.com/rover/1/711-53200-19255-0/1?ff3=2&toolid=10039&campid=5337365888&item=202790368248&vectorid=229466&lgeo=1 … #The Hunger Games
The rest are exhausted women is indifferent and attain the third nature the opposite case, there are the beginning then gradually
Apt truth from : “Pelosi has no precedent for” denying “the House minority the opportunity to be heard before Congress begins exercising its most formidable constitutional power short of declaring war: the process of removing an elected president” https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.wsj.com/amp/articles/pelosis-permanent-impeachment-11569885285 …
Veterans have been badmouthed since the 1960s and sometimes they can be their own worst enemies. But! Veterans and our current Troops don't need a United States Senator piling on. Come clean Martha.
so aside from thinking someone trump appointed is again a deep state conspiracy, what does the law say? does the IGIC have the power to change the law?
The left dont care about the American people only power they wanted.
Yes.His 2nd wife, Calista is US amb to the Vatican. At least this appointee, selected through the usual Trump crony process, isn't in a position to ruin much of anything unlike the dilettante  up in Berlin.
The damage is incalculable of what he's already leaked or bartered away to our adversaries along with his co-conspirators.
The Swedish church is so fucking cucked and politically left its not even funny.
I think we found the boat heading for Maltese Sar, the one that Scam Alarm Phone was trying to get past the Libyan Coastguard..Imagine how quickly the coastguard could have acted with the right coordinates.
I swear the DC live films exist to insult the comics all these characters come from. That and WB doesn't give a shit. That's the only way to explain this.
Via  Q & A with Rob Keeley author of the 'Spirit Series'  https://thesecretlibrarysite.wordpress.com/2019/09/30/q-a-with-rob-keeley-author-of-the-spirit-series-robkeeleyauthor/ … via
Let Negan loose! I’m watching the return of #TWD Sunday 9/8c.
Sorry for my whiney ramblings. Just feel like absolute shit, and I'm grumpy because it's going to take longer then usual. Might delete one of the munday pictures to make myself feel better...
But newly-promoted POs continued to “dress as seamen”, as the expression had it, for their first year. They were called “Unconfirmed POs); It was kind of a probationary thing. But I always understood that by the coming of the War, the practice had ended ...
Benghazi! Uranium One! Seth Rich! Pizzagate! Killing babies! That's just the ones I can think of off the top of my head. Or you being sarcastic?
At this point I was mad and heartbroken at the same time. Not mad at the boy but to whoever taught him to have that attitude and heartbroken dahil na realize ko na tama nga sila, ganun na talaga ang ugali ng mga kabataan ngayon.
Maybe a longer week for  where he sees if his own weak govt, & own right-wing party (of which he was once the incompetent leader), throws him under the bus. Let’s see what his own party think of the “man of titanium”, ://www.smh.com.au/politics/federal/former-government-minister-offers-explosive-character-assessment-of-scott-morrison-in-new-book-20190630-p522sy.html …
did you know you can have a bagel, like, whener the hell you want
the way crack brown hasn't had a hit since forever, which was dethroned by disturbia. embarrassing.
that one is a full-fledged cry f’sure. for some reason the arc in romcoms where SOMEone fucks up and people are sad ruins me but then there’s always a reconciliation which makes me feel better.
-there had to be a pause while she reached out a hand to put on Mr. Trussardi's shoulder. "I...I was really sick just a few years ago," starts with a deep breath. "The doctors said it was terminal. Everyone thought it was the end and-" She cut herself off to take a gulp of air-
thats like milesandre lighting up the swords of khalasars in got.... totally useless and unsmart
Don't listen to the hater Lindsey we follow rule of law this is just another manufactued story Shiffs lies are getting so deep we need boots to get through his bullshit..
I got a guy inviting me to Japan that I barely give a minute of my day to, but nah here I am stuck on the fact these psl boys can’t even text back. I’ve been in this town 2 months and my mind is already suffering.
Doomguy, Dante and Crash? Hell yeah The rest? No thanks
Ryo Nagamatsu is absolutely KILLING it with the Zelda music. First A Link Between Worlds and now the new Link's Awakening.
Who the fuck is responsible for gas prices going up!? I need to have a word with they ass
The system is dead. He always come back for the ball. The coach is not playing to our strength. He's crap if we don't sack him we will have a long season. Tierney and Bellerin will make us look better thou
So  please explain to me why  is all the way in the back next to the employee door. This is brand new product for black women and you have it to where it hasn’t been noticed for about a week! UNACCEPTABLE!
Like- Oh, no, this relationship wasn't like the hackneyed silver age love stories filled with a bunch of sexist, misogynistic crap that alienated female readers and gave a black mark on the industry, and is instead more like an actual couple. Whatever will we do?
What's The Brewers Injury Situation? https://ift.tt/2ne1nRm
I recently watched the Netflix series “Unbelievable” and I don’t know what to believe about this story. If it’s actually not true Hollywood should get on the horn to here as their could be an Oscar in her future. But if it is true....
Ps. Julia Gillard, at your conference, and Australia is backing trade negotiations with EU, China and US! UK is not near the top of their negotiating list! BoJo is a bozo and he's turning us into a sh!t show!
LMAOOOO see, no! Maybe next time the stripper won’t get a pass
I've just watched episode S10E01 of The Walking Dead! #TWD #tvtime https://tvtime.com/r/1bhfH
And over the weekend she admitted that she had lied about the incident.
CLICK I'm not going to watch hater Chris Wallace  or   or  longer. CLICK We're turning you off until you stop the corruption of MSM seeping into your broadcasts.
No one, that was the problem your mans looked at me like oh word? Nigga noooo
5/ now you’re telling me that I should share about other problems instead of the real experiences I have on the streets with homeless people and frontline workers? That seems kind of funky but that’s how the status quo perpetuates itself. Talk about this, not that. GAH!
Bugs Bunny, that rascal, has all kinds of creative insults for his various animated nemeses—most of which are defined within the handy Oxford-Amer dict. ... A mispronunciation of “ignoramus,” meaning “an ignorant or stupid person.” maroon |məˈro͞on| noun. Boy, this one's a doozy.
Just because a specific group in the LGBT community is oppressed more than others doesn’t make other identities, discrimination, and micro aggressions less valid. Why does acephobia always slightly remind me of biphobia
Im at Taco Bell and I order my regular which is the cheesy Gordita crunch with the fiery shell and they just told me they don’t serve the fiery shell no more Im not ok .  you won’t be the same no more
i just been balling out every season, know it’s some niggas i left in the bleachers
"Nonono, you misunderstand!" Mark hastily explained. "I don't intend for you to fight without me! It's just a precaution, that's all!" His body instinctively hunched over as many of the innumerable pieces of parchment before him as possible as though shielding them from Lyn. +
and hope they have enough magic to bail us out. Xhaka isn’t a 6, so Guendouzi is there to cover him and provide the central passing threat. But look how deep he’s averaging. Ugh
#ImpeachmentIsComing Bill Barr and John Durham are closing in on Obama, Biden and the Demo-rat corruption. Panic is setting.
I don’t think so. More dishonest leftist media complex propaganda attacks against the President
Not only him, all the others that it’s happened to. Shit is ridiculous!
Mixed use is harder, since if badly targeted it can easily end up just meaning car-focussed destination retail and offices in inner suburbs. Full mixed use may be too complex to nationally direct, beyond just allowing the smallest, local catchment based commercial/social uses.
Nothing better than I think you should leave and Tom segura on the special day. Miss you man!
GAAAAAH the more i draw the more frustrated i get with how I can't draw suddenly, but I want to draw, I can't even play games cause it feels like wasted time, this is the worse it ever got, holy shit;
The Mueller probe discredited itself. 25 million dollars to nail a few people on process crimes and send Manafort to jail on decades old money laundering charges. What a waste.
I shudder to think what Ronny Yu would have done to any of those characters after delivering the worst on screen Jason.
If Grieve & Co. think for one moment leave voters are going to shut up and go away after the Parliamentary shenanigans he is grossly mistaken. Sooner or later there will be a GE day of reckoning where the duplicitous MP's will be chucked out.
I wanna go to the dia de los muertos festival in San Jose so bad Saturday
"I go to school every day and internally complain about it most of the time, but I've never once thought that school might be the only home some kids have."
 suggested he do “guitar man” from the soothing sounds of David gates and bread. Is he open to that. Also, he does killer Santana guitar solos as evidenced by Gregg Rollie jaw drop at palms with Ringo. Also again, never realized how many hit records he is on. Tons
Then how do we know you really saw the last show? You fraud.
This is completely beside the point. Even assuming for argument's sake Biden is guilty, as a lawyer, you should know that wouldn't justify the use of illegal means to investigate him. Biden's guilt or innocence is a red herring; yours and Trump's guilt is clear
To be fair any LGBTQ POC or Women who fell for his Bullshit had it coming really. I mean In 2016 if you didn't see Donald Trump as the Shit show he is I have several failed casino's to sell you
Don’t forget about the highlighter pink hummer in Thompson
Mad that I can't buy any  lingerie because majority of the lingere is made from Nylon and I have an allergy to Nylon. Gutted
This is horrific. But. Couldn’t the prosecutor say he was standing his ground? Since he was the one who was in his actual home?
How is it irrelevant , you said their music got nothing to do with it what u said , so you said popularity instead , everything you said we showed you the stats and facts but now it's irrelevant ? Cmon bro just stop
And if Trump had not won the election and wasn’t a fighter... we wouldn’t know anything about any of this.. anyone that would critique him as he’s dealing with an unprecedented storm is shortsighted. It was always a fantasy to think Hillary or Obama would be prosecuted.
Once famed as the Unbroken Salt of Albur, Bohol’s Asin Tibuok stands today on the brink of extinction. Amidst fire, water, and ash, the last of its makers fight to keep their traditions alive. https://gridmagazine.ph/story/asin-tibuok-the-price-of-salt/ …
How can people slander this man, this is the realest shit I’ve ever heard an athlete say
i was at home listening to the gotg soundtrack and then I checked twitter and oomfs told me. I cried like baby
Honestly, even if he's not removed he needs to be impeached in the house. We elected these people to uphold an oath & do their job. They better do it, consequences be damned. No one (in the Dem party) can turn a blind eye to this blatant corruption and deserve to keep their seat.
Andy Ngo isn't a reporter lol, he's a propagandist. He lies through his teeth to personally enrich himself. He made over $200,000 through his GoFundMe. He's getting rich off of "covering" antifascist protesters, and has been caught collaborating with the fascist groups.
"it's cool to hate on twitch right now" they allowed drinks to easily be roofied by predatory men, it's called criticism, stop licking the platform you profit froms boot
Actually, no. The times are slightly different if it’s MIL-LA: Game 1 at 9:37, Game 2 at 9:47.
I know it’s hard in today’s times not be overly outraged by everything... But remember the last thing you was so mad at.? What happened to it?
I TOOK THE BATTERY OUT OF MY SMOKE ALARM WHY IS IT STILL FREAKING OUT LMFAOOOO I JUST WANNA BE ABLE TO COOK IN PEACE !!!
No, it wasn't her son, it was what SHE said. Dont stir the pot.
This touches me. At times when trauma is especially thick or my disease is especially difficult, being among the saints in worship can be too much. And sometimes it is my kingdom service to willingly show up in my weakness. Thank you for your presence in the body, brother.
And sometimes you are the one carried yo the Cross. Nailed. Pierced. And Mocked. Waiting for your time to Shine. Patience and Perseverance.
The fact that you can't tell the difference between a fact and an opinion is most depressing. Andino is not a journalist he is a member of a murderous Street gang. Or are you pretending Cider Riot didn't happen?
The new Geeen Day song gets way more hate than it deserves
So no head? *Slams his phone on the ground.* So... what do you want?
I get these, itchy and tears the skin. Can appear anywhere...hands, back, legs, arms, stomach...
Heads up, anyone who is using that Who’s Visiting My Profile app, you give it your log in info and now it’s DM spamming your tweeps with the link to the app. My DMs runneth over lol. Change. Your. Passwords.
Worst thing is it looked like from the training photos we actually did spend some time practising them but on tonight's showing you wouldn't have thought so the quality was so poor whether that was from Pepe, Ceballos or whoever.
That said, there are protections for ethnic groups and religious traditions, but today it's lost the spirit of revolution and due to inequal development, a fair criticism is that many ethnic groups have been left behind economically and that drives resentment in a certain %age.
Every few months since 2014, a show has happened where, after it was over, I've thought "at least the CM Punk returns tonight" rumors are finally dead and buried and yet #RAW
My job never falls to amaze me, at my location we ran outta sweet tea and them niggas went and bought some til the truck came
Omoshola does not respect women The type that labels a woman he has never touched with unprintable names! Just because she said No to him! No wonder he is single at such age! #bbnaija Vote Mercy
there’s nothing like going knuckle deep in a rotisserie chicken in the walmart parking lot in the middle of a depressive episode
“Your stress relief comes with the need To kick the work week's ass If you're feelin' this then catch a buzz And go on and raise your glass” #nofilter https://ift.tt/2ne1Cfe
i’m still tryna figure out why my epidural stopped working when I was 6cm dilated probably the worst pain ever but I didn’t even cry my whole 48 hrs of labor, only when I was pushing for so long & he still wasn’t out
You're right. We're going to stop the madness by voting the corrupt and complicit gop out. #Resist
homeless playthrough, where my sim lives in a tent, and I feel bad leaving my pet in the storm when I go to read or relax in the tent during them. Also, the game seems to think I'm still outside when I'm in the tent, as I still get wet and get the task to "run inside" when (2/3)
It would be tempting but I wouldn’t bother. And I wouldn’t go to the weather either.
Ask yourself how the Castle Doctrine rules apply in the Botham Jean case. Ask yourself how this judge allowed it to be considered. 1. He was sitting down eating ice cream. 2. She was in his home. 3. Doesn't apply (since he didn't threaten her) but she broke in. 4. SHE BROKE IN!
Maurice. I want you to know something. I almost hit the floor today. I cried and cried and cried with every word. "Donna" is my word. Everything you said about her was true. We used to watch you together. If you could hear me speak you would understand!  #Imissher
if u don’t shut the fuck up i’m really gonna steal harry
Bracing for Fire When the Wind Blows https://youtu.be/skYZngZAZe8 via
I’m really smart but at the same time I’m retarded as fuck
Whistleblower fears for his life, say his lawyers as they point the finger at Donald Trump calling what he did 'treason' and hinting he deserved the death penalty via https://dailym.ai/ios Jaysus, this is bull. FakeWhistleblowerhttps://mol.im/a/7519781
every day i underestimate the amount of time it will take for me to become conscious
Regardless of what your beliefs, I don’t care how you look at it but this is disgusting. The very fact that the demonstrators are blocking an elderly women from crossing fractures the very foundation of respect that any society is based on.
People think this is bad ask  what happened to him the day he got back from having a concussion.
There's this creepy dream that LaGrange has at the beginning about Ben's aliens kicking him around that ended up having to get chopped down because the episode was huge, but here it is with all the especially weird stuff that didn't make the final cut.
Bruh I do that shit all the time when I skate the belt buckle fuck with my stomach.
What people tend to forget that right before this, Ariane said wrestling was her "current passion." That statement combined with that answer would of course make Austin skeptical about her drive. To be fair though, this season sucked. The next person eliminated was Matt Cross.
Do you live in Cali? My order was also 65$.. I just don't know which edition i got now. I don't recall it having a SOLD OUT message on there, but i was at work and moving fast. Damn.. Idk what i bought. Do we know the exact time they sold out of 1st edition?
Same here, I always feel the need to amputate my sinful hands after making something even remotely sexual
#Gators DC Todd Grantham asked about times in the past he’s been torched by a freshman QB: “I try to forget those games.”
I also voted for the person not the party. But after the last election. I WILL NEVER vote for a democrat again....
Pain in the head interferes with your every thought. I understand.
 But, but, the Daily Mail SCREAMED for days that it was the evil White People! How could they have LIED? Boy, I'm beginning to wonder about the veracity of the Daily Mail. I wonder if Clinton flunkies work there...
Barr personally asked foreign officials to aid inquiry into CIA, FBI activities in 2016 ⁦ ⁩ ⁦ ⁩. I know we’re gunning for the big fish but we can’t let Barr get away with the violation of oath! Oath = integrity https://www.washingtonpost.com/national-security/attorney-general-barr-personally-asked-foreign-officials-to-aid-inquiry-into-cia-fbi-activities-in-2016/2019/09/30/d50cd5c4-e3a5-11e9-b403-f738899982d2_story.html …
Trump’s threats are fuckin ridiculous. Don’t give the gas-filled dirtbag a second thought. He pushed and pushed and now he’s gonna get his due. The People will win out.
I live a block from the park. I thought Rahm was the worst mayor ever in Chicago. I stand corrected, the new one is really horrible. It's time to say goodbye to the Windy City!
Their bad reviews fill me with more excitement for this movie than before. If these woke freaks liked it then I would be worried. It's pissing off all the right people so far
She is a kid, how would she have any idea the MSM and every politician with nothing else to do would jump on the story. The family apologized, which says a lot about them and the type of people they are. She made a mistake, she is a kid!!
If  genuinely believes that they can eliminate bias vi AI, they need to explain publicly how their algorithm avoids bias itself. An algorithm can learn bias, the same way a person does. We also need to know if it complies with GDPR by allowing opt out and review.
Here's the problem for Putin.He is dealing with Russians. Hitler was dealing with Germans. Trump is dealing with Americans. Americans are known the world over for being giant pains in the ass.Our brand is:"Tell us no and we will do it, repeatedly". They f'ed with the wrong people
Do you think responding to the low follower bots is effective? I choose to ignore them and go after bigger accounts. What do you Patriots do?
Rudy needs to be arrested if he does not comply with the subpoena. No more games.
I made the second one but I gotta find the first one, idk where it is in my archive of anime pics
It’s what you bastards did to witnesses in the fake Mueller investigation
Hezbollah sending troops to Israel. The U.S. is already looking for reasons to sanction Lebanon (Hezbollah); the negative implications of this declaration will continue to devolve Lebanon's extremely fragile economy. https://www.middleeastmonitor.com/20190930-lebanons-hezbollah-our-troops-will-enter-israel/#.XZKTt5dfiNQ.twitter … #ECON466SDSU
Tim sits, exposed bone specimens that towers over all directions, but returns when he can see on the strokes cottage pie
 look no further ur own crooked house is more crooked than even We The PPL THOUGHT POSSIBLE! Corruption abounds & ur the guy making it possible, ur lackeys learned quickly under a real SCUM WAD!   CAUGHT GOP COMPLICIT DAYS HAVE COME TO AN END.
The buddy comedy no one - absolutely no one - asked for!
They’re not getting across what I think they’re trying to convey. If you’re not going to loosen the tie and roll up your sleeves, just wear the damn jacket. You look all kinds of out of place like this, weirdo.
When you’re at the supermarket and your husband desperately wants to argue then the  come on. Thank you, music gods! #HeyJealousy
Same here. Deeply troubling and don't trust the info flow right now.
No, you're among the many fooled by spin. Or are you a spinner?
Fav part of RL was when Carti said “open that shit up! If you tired, get the fuck out! If you weak, get the fuck out!” Periodt baby tell ‘em
Unfortunately I have no idea which of those eleven categories your spammy engagement emails "don't keep [employee] in the dark!" fall into
And that the state sponsored, brutal murder of a journalist is just business as usual. #JamalKhashoggi
(Mother Jones)"The prosecutor in the Trump-Ukraine scandal refused to cooperate with Congress last year when senators asked if there had been Trump-Ukraine collusion when the Ukrainian government stopped cooperating with the Mueller probe". Man, you sound so guilty.
I would be mad too if someone came up to me thinking they know how hard it is to be a Muslim Mexican American. Unless you fall under that subcategory you’ll never see the magnitude of pain and rejection it is. So its important to validate others to open communication.
https://www.msn.com/en-us/news/politics/barr-personally-asked-foreign-officials-to-aid-inquiry-into-cia-fbi-activities-in-2016/ar-AAI4Q6S?li=BBnb7Kz … Well hate donnie if you want but you have to admit he has a talent for bringing the worst out in a person, here is the short list: fat lying Barr, fat lying Pompeo, turkey neck Moscow Mitch, brown nose Nunes, tough-guy brown nose Jordan, kiss ass Graham.
I’ll be back in the states tomorrow to keep fucking shit up #Murica
 … via  The Rich capitalists have always felt a great affinity for the racist, bigoted and terroristic White Nationalist Nazis...
     pls look into the welfare of detainees at Bureau of Immigration (BI) Detention Center in Camp Bagong Diwa Bicutan. Only 1 toilet functioning for 500 detainees mostly Chinese. Water low, wounds of detainees festering
With that MASSIVE ANNOUNCEMENT that just took place the ONLY thing holding you back is the same ol "bull shit" story you keep telling yourself as to why it can't be you. Seriously. NOW is the time to completely…
conservatives denounce permissiveness, which is real today. But if they’re complaining abt Nietzsche, it’s probably “if god is dead, everything is permitted.” There would be a key irony here, then, bc it’s as if they’re the ones who believe him dead in this sense.
To say Trump won't get the GOP nomination is silly, but I will never understand why people continue to stand behind him no matter what. I am not anti-conservative, despite the fact that I despise everything Trump stands for.
What's the Worst Resident Evil Spinoff? http://www.ign.com/articles/2019/09/30/best-worst-resident-evil-spinoffs-ranked …
Less than approx 3 hours till we go live with episode 11 of our DnD game. What has Scofa gotten himself into? Will Mose overcome his fear of heights and see the ship? Join us and see!     8pm pacifichttp://twitch.tv/kickinthedoorrp
MBS we Americans don’t believe you!! We know you don’t have the balls to say you killed that man!!!
The jealousy is getting DEEP in here, where are my waders?
The son of a bitch was trained by the US Marines. The rifle was an Italian made Carcano a junk version of the mauser how he hit anything with POS is shocking
Wow you’re not too observant. We’ve been in a cold Civil War for the last three years with Trump people being beaten up on because of hats. Antifa threatening old lady in crosswalks today. Blocking an 85-year-old lady from going to a conservative speakers forum. Are you sleeping?
Like beating said infantry when they called the M113s tanks?
Apple picking is quite possibly the lamest activity in existence.
Not really. Its hard for me to explain. I guess I could store if a node has power in an array to handle the multiple sources problems.
Niggas always single af but got 4 kids on the way.. confused
I thought those pants were the same ones he wore in the bad list mv lol but he did wear the same one on the interview...
My mom up in the sky box at the Chris brown concert lol sick
Coward either locked his account or deactivated, but screenshots are forever. Fans of  & their #SocialInjusticeBook should be aware of the type of filth the Gatekeepers condone. This troll has told a cancer survivor, kidney failure survivor to "esad" & the following:
Why the hell is Labor on a hiring spree? They have also been on a spending spree and have record 80 BILLION DOLLAR debt piled up. It's like they don't care about our money. They don't care about the massive interest bill. Just spend spend spend. Who cares! #qldpol
Wtf you mean? It was way hotter last year. But global warming is for sure a thing. The cycle the Earth is going through is normal. What's not normal is that us humans with our carbon foot print are speeding the process.
lmfaoo the imagery of joker running away and tossing a few 'niggers' at batman on his way out has me crying son
 Unless the GOP changes its tune, it will cease to be relevant in another 20 years, as more and more old white guys die and minorities, who already don't support them, become the majority. No work, no soul, you're toast Rick.
#Milfordsoar defeats Blue River (David City) 5-0. Callie Carraher throws her third no-hitter of the year and ties the school record for season no-hitters held by Tracy Ashcoff. The Eagles take on Fillmore Central in the regular season finale tomorrow night at home.
the culture that tells people to take risks and try things out. 社員がリスクを負っていろいろなことを試すよう促す企業を育てることに、かなりの投資をしてきたからです。 tells 「促す」しっくり。 culture「企業文化」。単に「文化」っていうより分かり易い！
“You can get on the plane and think about it some more.” Or “come be there for his teammates”. And then when they finally realized he wasnt gonna play, they sent him home. Doesn’t seem so far fetched to me.
Jesus, #MayoPete will say ANYTHING to appeal to ANYBODY. No internal values, he's just an empty suit - the #SouthBendianCandidate.
You know those rolls of cookie dough that have the shape in the center (jack-o-lantern, bat, ghost, etc) and you just slice up the dough roll and bake it? I want those cookies right now.
I don’t know who needs to hear this but uh..stop recording everything you do at the gym. There should be no reason you have 50+ videos on your Instagram/Snapchat story. We get it. Post ya “gRiND tImE ” picture and get tf on
If you have no problem with the content of this call then you are also a traitor.
YOU are not fit to be President. Dont call the kettle black when the pot (you) is by far a darker shade of black.
Im not dragging him tho., its just that i feel bad for those people hating him because of the appropriation., im not black either., i just did some research before reacting to the topic per se
I made albondigas and they did taste like my moms so what the hell milanesa
"There is no part of the body which varies so much as the human ear." -Sherlock Holmes-
Democrats work for those who own them, not We the People. We're reaching a tipping point where average working class ppl see that, and are refusing to prop up a system that exploits them. Bernie has been sounding that alarm for decades, it's just now ppl are starting to listen.
I'm not my ideal self. I'm the thing heading towards my ideal. I'm the snake; the thing that rebounds from deviation, knowing the careful interplay of left and right is the only way an imperfect creature can move forward.
Let's all cut the lights around the world, lay outside on a blanket, & stare into the sky
- The idea that mitochondria are simply the "cell's battery" is outmoded. Mitochondria are intimately involved in immune and synaptic function. - Evidence suggests mitochondria are a "critical cargo" whose transport is necessary for proper axonal and synaptic function.
I think this is nonsense, If Chilla gets to battle real deal for the title again and he wins it back then Chilla gotta battle
These pics are nuts man. Like “your dog is a model and should be the face of a leading puppy chow brand” nuts.
So, it turns out that  IS a dickhead after all. I genuinely loved the guy for years in spite of the evidence to say I really shouldn't. I didn't care. But now it's just unignorable. Dude's cognoscence has gone the way of his Amazon show. No longer working .
Schumer naively was telling the truth. Many Americans were witness to the Chuck Schumer confession he had knowledge of CIA ruthless tactics to conduct retribution against legitimate witnesses. That makes Schumer an accessory to the crime of witness tampering. Let’s file a report!
Is the press going to take care not to give airtime to lies, falsehoods, debunked conspiracy theories, and the like in the name of "balance" ?
The Quest Showcase will present to a global audience of distributors, curators, co-producers, and industry leaders. Don’t forget to submit! Submissions close TONIGHT. http://about.kaleidoscope.fund/quest-showcase
Me: *walking to class* *over hears an 18 y/o white chick say something grotesquely misinformed* Me: *muttering* Just keep walking, Lib, they haven't given consent to be informed. It's literally the first search result in a Google search. Their lazy ass has a phone and free wifi
I saw it as my mom was a teacher and I helped her a lot. Tho the root of the issue doesn't seem to be that encouragement is bad is that it's being misused and turning into a label rather than a teaching method.
You guys are Socialist try to take our democracy from us...we (millions of us) WILL NEVER SUPPORT IMPEACHMENT....and we will fight u every step of the way !
It only just now, 32 years in, occurrs to me that "our house in the middle of our street" might not imply that the house is literally in the street, blocking traffic.
HE LOOKS LIKE THE SHIT HE LOOKS ON TV OR EVEN WORST !!!!!
you’ve put them to shame whether your right or wrong you should be able to have your say without being insulted,good for you for ignoring the hate I personally enjoy you on 606 phone in.
Drama 2008- Mrs. Saigon sebagai Hye Ryeon (KNN) 2011- High Kick: Revenge of the Short Legged sebagai Kim Ji-won (MBC)
Other ppl who fall under the Astrology sign cancer be making life hard for me, I’m switching to ARIES
i remember...my 8th grade teacher hated children...didn't make it better that she was pregnant for half of the year
Except he won't. Being president is the only thing saving him from prison.
I thought lying on your resume was a standard Conservative tactic. The only people who have every asked me to be a fake reference for a job, vote Conservative #BeCanadianNotConservative #DougFordIsCorrupt #ScheerIsLikeFord #cdnpoli #elxn43
'Do Us A Favor': Trump Releases Ukraine Memo; Does The Ukraine Scandal H... https://youtu.be/h3NNQl8MS6M via
There are the bold liars ( Gym Jordan, Kevin McCarthy etc. ) who are whores’ & the chicken shit toadies like Bob Latta ( never heard of him? 5th district Ohio & we rarely see him or his lips move.) Bullies & geldings
  u r LIARS!!! U say u r trying 2 protect players. If u was then everyone that did the same damn thing as #55 should be fined or suspended 2.
so it seems that some guys in my high school saw cops on their way to a camp and screamed "pacos de mierda" AKA fuck the cops and I've never been this proud
#Pillowtalk Caesar makes me sad. He is packing up the underwear and is all alone. He needs to cut his losses.
"Engrave the pain of being alive into my soul." - Ciel to Sebastian
You can hurt me any kind of way but once you try it spiritually you've really crossed the line.
Twitter won't let me post it but some nerds tried to stop us on the street to talk about Jesus while we were taking pictures of the bare foot prints on the traintracks and I felt very Viago wwdits "possibly even Christians which is the last thing we need in this house" dot gif
These are not patriotic Americans... The government is being ran by traitorous agents working for a foreign power.... They must be tried, sentenced and punished accordingly..
Tough choices. Should have included All of the Above.
All the President's Men - going to be much worse than Watergate!!
 Illegality happened here. And It is particularly scary if this #President DOESNT know it was wrong. However, your so called “independent” is not necessarily so, at all - you should not only cite her and a Dem but where is the Republican? I find poll #’s quite suspect
Bouta Go Crazy With The Ink .. I’m Definitely Due For Some New Shit
“Offended by the work fuck”. “Not offended by actual incest”. #conservativeValues
* Clothes that are taken out of the closet should be returned immediately or put in the laundry basket if they are dirty. And if they no longer fit or are defective, they should be donated or thrown in trash. #yyc #organization #balance #order
Spoiler alert: After five weeks in the regular season,  and  both are forecasting that five  teams will be part of the  24–team playoff bracket. But they disagree on which five ... click to see who they selected.
When are you DA's going to realize the Media lies. This is a lie! The form was changed per the IG.
THE SAME LADY WHO DIDNT PAY ME FOR MATERNITY AND BABY SHOWER PHOTOS IS PAYING SOMEONE ELSE TO DO HER NEWBORN PHOTOS. Well good I didn’t want to take pictures for you anymore anyway but BITCH WHERES MY MONEY. fuckin hell I should have been more demanding
So  this would be the time America strikes first you know they will use it
No it's good. I've been watching it all day. The female lead frustrates me thats all
Watkins vs. U.S. 354 U.S. 178 (1957). Racist senators like big Jim Eastland hated this decision by the Warren Court. Watkins was a labor leader they wanted to paint him as a commie. SCOTUS said no, Congress cannot go after individuals
Police make automatic arrests in supposed domestic battery situations. But, any black knows that if a white is the complainant and a black the suspect, anything can happen, usually to the disadvantage of the black person. Police know this, but deny it.
, please add this to the list of impeachable offenses.
You know the tortilla are bomb af when you have to wait in line for some fresh ones !
Definitely with you on that.. sometimes when you see an actor and his role makes you that mad. The rest of his roles be horrible
As a veteran (& a draftee), we (who served) swore an oath to uphold & defend the Constitution. Not the President. Recall also, the last ‘rebels’ got defeated. Soundly.
is well placed to provide #criticalminerals for the industrial development and technology needs of manufacturing economies, in particular the . This report provides an overview of end-users of critical minerals in the US. Download it here: http://bit.ly/2nZXUWy
my mind while watching my sister play run from the evil nun on her android tablet:
— into herself — feeling more so defeated at the thought of her baby boy suffering the bitter winter. ❝ Rosita, I- . . . ❞ Adriatic irises met flecks of chocolate brown paired with lighter hues. ❝ Ya’ know I’d do anythin’ for Coco . . . For you. ❞ —
Mallam Hayatu, go under and see where those comments are coming from. The same people who claim they are more educated than the Northerners. Look at their names. It's either they are psychological troubled or there is something spiritually wrong with them.
Statistics work by eliminating context. Their search for insight begins with the annihilation of meaning. -  in Math With Bad Drawings #servicesesign
I have read both versions on the internet..which one is fake?
3/ But instead we get to hear all the bullying over how we are directly responsible for all the deaths in the world. The criminals who really cause problem are let off scot free. And they'll continue their killing because they don't care about the laws right now and in the future
 My man, what is going on here. On field results are not always easy to change, but this is the low hanging fruit. We should be nailing the little things. Sad to read, Whit.
Buying snacks and foods for daughter#2 has always been one of the most stressful things. 6 years later and i still can't get it right. This child taste for foods so often. I cant keep up.
Nature is showing the stupid hoomans,. Who is the boss
Indeed! Evil to be targeting the vulnerable like that.
Why just pay attention in class when you can draw and pay attention in class at the same time
Deniro is coming off senial, he was worse on the roast
This my lil brother homie...it’s fucked up y’all lying on his name when niggas at the precinct deadass tight at the pussy cop that smoked they mans
the baby looks under 1 year old It’s dangerous that throwing the baby into the swimming pool. However it’s surely that there’s a few information. The person who posted it was who? The baby’s parents? I think the baby can’t get up to the air by himself/herself.
Hats off to , you did your job very well. You distracted and frustrated the #Ravens so much that you made it easier for the other receivers and the running game. Go #Browns!
Yeah, it's a real problem. With America being a Corporatocracy, things in this country don't benefit citizens. Those of use who are on government insurance similar to the NHS are fucked too. We can't get married or make money without jeopardizing our full coverage insurance.
after work and cleaning the house and studying and taking a shower i felt like i need to sleep but here i am on my bed trying so hard to sleep and all i can think of is dale a tu cuerpo alegría Macarena Que tu cuerpo es pa' darle alegría cosa buena...
(Not forced disability in Silver Bullet, he's just born like that, I mean the forced disability of the Oracle lineage in Midsommar)
Oh yeah it's October now isn't it? Guess I'll spook it up a bit: "2 moonlit nights in a row stressing about the same bullshit instead of sleeping. Isn't that spooky?" Much better
Nothing wrong with college players getting paid, but the  needs to set the guidelines for nationwide program. Pay a player $1m and the he decides not to play, what then?.
Garbage goes in the garbage can. Seems straightforward enough. Instead, we pollute the earth.
She is caught. Here is the problem, republicans are weak and passive and they will let her off the hook. That’s why you have schiff spinning his lies about Russian collusion for two years, republicans nothing. And he has already flat out lied in this Ukraine hoax. Republicans Zip
The federal govt has made a mess of the postal service. They're going broke because the govt can't run anything. Progressives/socialists/liberals/democrats/communists/ democracy. All the same all destructive to our Republic.
"The characters emote and don’t have stiff models in 06" ... I'm done, I cant believe you actually said that... My god the Sonic franchise IS doomed forever I'm actually speechless oh my god...
Greta is an amazing & powerful girl. She shouldn’t have to be the one with the loudest voice in this fight, but she is still CHOOSING to do this. That’s a very insensitive statement to make considering how many kids around the world actually have their childhood stolen from them.
Do you find your closet, garage, office desks, are a mess and disorganized. Or your inbox is always full.According to experts, it is due to your inability to make decision on what to do with the items and you allow them to pile up and keep postponing when they will be taken care
The abuse that is more in line with TORTURE of elephants in the entertainment industry is well documented. Educate yourself:  Agatha ANIMAL ABUSER and her entire following are shameful mindless DRONES.
Dictators have long used propaganda for division against their enemies! It's scary when social media sells ad's to wealthy modern dictatorships which for years have been painting the West & democracy itself as enemy's in the way the Nazis portrayed Jews.
I’d call for your arrest, but honestly you’re doing a better job on TV making an ass of yourself and assisting the prosecution you big goof #ColludyRudy
Putting together that thread I was freaking out over the other day, hold onto your butts
day 41 of French duolingo: have stopped asking how the cow got into the garden, and am fully resigned to sharing my pizza with two cats and a horse, but someone tell me who is buying shoes for 5 euros a pair but also t-shirts that are ten euros each???????
On the one hand, I am hungry and wouldn’t mind watching MNF. On the other I feel like shit and wanna see how many hard seltzer’s it takes to black out on an empty stomach
The video of that EDM girl actin a fool in her car ruined my entire day
Somebody grandma gon fall for this thats the saddest part
#California is suffering today after fatal shooting. #POTUS, stop the bloodshed. #BackfireTrump
When you're a liar and people find out about it, you can't say the accusation is racism - liars do not make a race, and diversity doesn't include job scammers. When they promote #S386 they're lying in a united manner, very impressive though
Jk Rowling SIGNED ~ AUTOGRAPH Harry Potter & the Prisoner Azkaban FIRST EDITION https://ebay.to/2oMcYHP
Lmaooo i say this all the time g my hair so thick and irritating
keep introducing yourselves as disturbed making faces but not smilers, not quality adults the antagonists w/out optimism of truth-order-justice the birthright & bible. not cognitive of conscious & conscience trying to mount a revolution out of selfish greed not soul to keep
The Fiend is going to murder him. Current Bray wouldn’t hurt a fly.
Hetero women out here eating pussy for men who wouldn’t suck dick for them, all in the name of trying to be the cool wife/ girlfriend so he wouldn't cheat ...Afterwards, using that same mouth to scream women empowerment yet you’re not even empowered in your own bed
omg I didn’t realize the for cc was hiding actual questions ndjfn I thought y’all were all just replying random shit to something curious cat was auto sending y’all jjsdndn I thought y’all were being funny I-
... and that the Complainant has subject matter expertise related to much of the material information provided in the Complainant’s Letter and Classified Appendix...
I can believe that. But if you've been tokin' for a while, no pount in stopping. The process doesn't reverse itself. https://trib.al/vmrxeFQ
No. Don’t bait me. Your game is shit already and adding bots to the game is gonna make it a lot more worse and you fucking know it. That’s all you guys ever talk in the boardroom, “How can we bait our fanbase and still make it the worst it’s ever been.” You guys disgust me. ಠ_ಠ
the true giga brain logic is moving the voting age to 16 because teens are dumb, but so is everyone else
I don't care what anybody says The Witcher 3 is the game of the generation.
100% agree, i dont like zoo's its sad Do they care for the animals yes, do they have an okay life? Sure but it isnt natural Those animals are being sold to attendees like its a damn circus show. Its disgusting if you think about it, a life full of boredom. Incapable of freedom
The consequences of a failed political establishment fall on society, regardless of economic status, The homeless in San Francisco are not going to magically disappear, we can continue to play stupid, & ignore. It’s going to get worse people.
And it hits me different cause the nigga face dead on one side
Like a good 6 messages after I’m not sayin anything haha why so pressed. He hurt bad. The black bitch got me though. You in my DM. I’m confused
I dont know if this is just the most artificial person ive ever met OR if theyve had the worst character development
Welp maybe it's your failure to adapt properly to modern society that is causing the underlying issue? People before money.
The founders who kept Slavery legal and only gave white males the right to vote. I actually believe that you have a right to have an opinion or a view even if it's contrary to mine.
Al Franken was screwed over by his own Party. And Karma hit Gillibrand right in the face.
Power Of The Plug Mixtape Hosted by . http://spnr.la/Wy9pBEh1 New Mixtape! THGBeatz not on this one. Sorry Y'all!!! Next Round, we got y'all. Dope Mixtape!!! Check it out!!! #music #musica #mixtape #hiphop #trap #rnb #np #spinrilla
WTH How deep does the corruption run , this will do so much incredible damage to the government, country, world ,people so sad for all evil is on the rise.
"Your purpose, then, plainly stated, is that you will destroy the Government, unless you be allowed to construe and enforce the Constitution as you please, on all points in dispute between you and us. You will rule or ruin in all events." Abraham Lincoln to Southern Democrats
Our morality comes from Christ, the son of God, slain by jews and risen from death as the son of God.
I can see Ichigo might be two of the remaining fighters left for a reason.
I hope that the media and the department's that are making these guidelines and new rules regarding pain management hear all who suffer, my prayers are with you, I hope you find a Dr. who will manage your pain
Panic is in the air. They are doomed. Nothing can stop what's coming
#POTUS,DID YOU USE THE SAME LOW DOWN DIRTY TACTICS ON QATAR SO THEY WOULD HELP BAIL KUSHNER’S 666 SKYSCRAPER BUILDING OUT OF FORECLOSURE!
Retract your lying fake story about the girl who said her dreadlocks were cut off! , #NBC
Pisses me off that no one assisted these folks. They are just as bad as the morons in the masks.
Beware. placing so much on expectations can make someone ill. I prefer to believe their opponent will feel more pressure because the Dodgers are the most complete and balanced team out there.
Suck me off at the ballgame, suck me off at the ball
i am a failure in the eyes of those seeking other goals.
   I worry about assassination possibilities - the Chinese in particular, so I hope you'll reduce travel and avoid joint appearances.
the way I wrote it is wrong, my grammar is not that good and it is twitter.... I describe the end result but he means it as a verb I believe.
greatest tweet ever lmaooooooo the baby had me dead
leave it on the floor so it can’t fall on the floor
Linesman would have lost his job if he’d flagged and the chance was gone before Aubameyang scored and we lost the game 1-0
And buttery males? Turn off Fox for a hot minute and learn about the current and former prosecutors in Ukraine. It’s suspicious how you aren’t able to accept the current scandal and deflect to whataboutism. #Bot
Because all of the fears of the early Cold War were about what would happen if the order was made by someone other than POTUS. The question of "what if POTUS himself was the weak link" did not really come up until the 1970s, after the system had "hardened."
How do they intimidate you? How are they bullying you? If they take advantage of it, then they won't stop until you or someone close to you do something.
 Would also consider calling it The Berry or similar. Gotta represent now that I’ve seen what happens to haters.
You got this! I had to get cancer to lose weight and now the drugs are putting it back on. Hard work pays off. I am walking again and that is helping. Keep us updated on how it's going the good and bad!
At this point I was so tired of phil defending alex as well as being really naive and unable to stand up to alex even when alex got furious at him for telling me about the dick pics. It really was the last straw for me and I was already trying to distance myself from them
Fuck cops. But also, I like Kingdom of the Crystal Skull. It's more good than bad. But also, Fuck cops.
 - when are you going to shut down  He's calling for violence against the whistleblower and revolution.
The last thing we need is you having consistently voted for a NO Deal Brexitbrei You are responsible for the chaos Fact
Ong his ass funny af UnderRated. I thought I was the only one who knew him
Anyone who agrees that Schiff lied in his opening statement, I suggest you listen very carefully for yourself. He summarizes. Start at 3:15. You will hear at 4:04 that he says "in essence" & ends with "this is in sum in character what the Pres was trying to communicate". no lies
“Keep that’s shit on the low. Don’t nobody else know. That’s our business fasho”
They’re already 72nd in the country and their top offensive target cancelled his scheduled visit for the weekend. He’s not pulling off any miracles between now and then.
“To all the people I've offended, yeah, fuck you too! To all the friends I used to have, yo, I miss my past But the rest of you assholes can kiss my ass”— old school Eminem
People are suffering and dying at the hands of an unnecessary government institution so I think I should step up and ask them to stop. #RatherBeAnAutodidact #SaveTheNextGeneration #FreedomToLearn
From historic achievements in fighting poverty to hosting numerous international gatherings - #China has come a long way in the past 70 years. Here, we take a look at aspects of life that have witnessed significant advances. http://bit.ly/2ou9ycz #70YearsOn
It shouldn't be too hard, and it'd counter the biggest weakness of a hammer.
Hope this gets retweeted a million times with the hashtag #democratthugs #2020Elections Makes me sick.
  really think Pellegrini has to be sacked now we’ve gone from 3rd in the league to 5th in two days it’s just not good enough
The D’s sure know how to needlessly risk snatching defeat from the jaws of victory. Wholly ill advised and unnecessary theatrics. (Bucket-o-chicken anyone?)
No harm clause is separate from the transition period you are referring to. No harm clause was added in HR1044, was not in previous version of bill, HR392 for example. Transition period has always been there.
And it’s not even about calling him gay, you can’t touch someone else if they’re not comfortable with it regardless of what you’re used to back home! That’s some Kelly Dodd invasion of space shit. Karen has every right to have doubts, and she was the least mean girl about it.
We need to investigate this bought and paid for degenerate and expose the people involved!   Dirty politicsWOW
Pop master and satnav don't mix..the other day was...who sang this in 199...turn left after 300 yards...really pissed me off
This will have a very bad ending for all the guilty parties!
i’m so tired of guys gfs trying to beef with me like YOUR MAN WANTED ME SIS I DIDN’T EVEN TOUCH THE MF
Sorry i just remembered out of the blue while reading Betty Friedman that  'S paper is on dishwasher demand due to female labor force participation (not the other way round).
If you get tired learn to rest, not to quit. That’s It that’s the tweet
#Montana under a 'winter storm emergency' after record snowstorm blankets the state  RT  #travel
The Federalist  wrote the article accusing Intel for "changing the criteria for 2nd hand evidence"....using the 2018 form as evidence. He pushed this falsehood and conspiracy theory that has now been adopted by Trump and many far-right organizations.
They have set Up only themselves ; their party is in shambles and the worst for them is yet to come. Hubris always precedes the fall
I'll let them forget, no one forgets the dinosaurs even though they're extinct
I didn’t know it was possible to be in love the way I am, but shit my bf is my everything. I can’t wait for us to keep growing as a family
i swear this bitch got the most irritating laugh and voice like just shut up pls
A huge boost for us that Wan Bissaka not playing so I was incredibly disappointed Pepé didn't give the youngster a torrid time, he shld hv traumatised him&we shld hv overloaded that flank. We didn't and it's strange. Player must take some responsibility there #MUNARS
The BYE week was a real slam dunk!. #mascotbowl #sfsourdoughsam #49ers #mascotfootball #byeweek #Utah #herrimanhighschool  #dunkshow #familyfunmonday
Will never watch Fox if I see Donna Brazile in the segment. She’s as crooked as the rest of the swamp. Liar Brazile!!!
I don't know how else to frame it for you. You seem to acknowledge everything except that one line. I don't care about alleged quid pro quo or the crowdstrike conspiracy. But you'll just dance around damning part of the text as usual.
These are the Joint Chiefs of Staff...they, and all their associates, are sworn to uphold the Constitution...if someone decided to tear it up..they get to vote...not a few people with AR-15's and automatics stuck in their waistbelts...
 caved in to the hard left crazies. She knows that people are seeing through this dirty game, it will ended up helping us #KAG2020.
 Please help! HK Police force killing Hongkonger at the street (Admiraity) on 29 Sep 2019.
this is why the city can get bent and so can the rental company. cuz our apartment lawn full of wild plants is literally filled with honey bees, butterflies, and more life than the entire rest of the block combined
Wrongdoing? Define wrongdoing, policy an analyst didn't like? He never heard the transcript - and what he claimed is not what actually happened. Both parties to the actual call said there was no quid pro quo. All Presidents would be impeached by your standard.
Oh shit, I thought the thing said leave a reply, not a "like", totally did not mean to misrepresent myself in any way
I hope we can survive the impeachment proceedings without #45 starting a nuclear war.
I’m British . Tell me genius, how did Ireland manage to cope with a customs border historically? ? Tell me when did the troubles start in Ireland and when did they join the EU? Tell me do you understand the difference between a customs border &amp; the armed border during troubles.
Oceans apart day after day and I slowly go insane I hear your voice on the line but it doesn’t stop the pain
No prob! The light one is Mika, the dark one is Shadow. They're my buds
Not sure why you posted it though, but you get headpats
My hands are crippled after this I feel nothing but an everlasting pain, this pain will stay with me until the day I die and on that day my last words will be “Gaurdiansona check” I die as my grandchildren wonder what a Gaurdiansona is and why that was my last words,
She should be punished the same as someone who falsely reports a crime. She got national press for reporting a hate crime. Just like smollett. Yes she is a child, and should suffer the consequences for false reporting as a juvie
Getting into white wine has been nice. It is also the devils liquid (for me). I scribbled peach on it since it had peachy tones to it. Would recommend if you’re not into super sweet white wines
If the dims did not have double standards, they would have no standards at all.
Fun fact I just made up, the actual Mr. Pibb suffered from nearly complete aguesia—the inability detect sweetness, sourness, bitterness, saltiness, and umami— and thus he created an overly flavored drink to compensate.
Last night I officially graduated from nightmares about having to take an exam for a class I never enrolled in, to nightmares about having to teach a class of students completely ignoring me with the dean observing. #academiclife
Hey peeps! Ready to continue having a bad time? Cause it's #Undertale night and we're back with the Sans fight! Should be.... something lol http://twitch.tv/Forte_07
Yo facts i switch the subject most niggas be gossiping wit the bitch
 Hey Doc Drew !! Why is your buddy Adam not funny anymore ? The toast kinda was He use to be hella funny !
The only dumb one here is you. But you’re obviously a crackhead like coke brown so I understand
More than a cult. A musical cabal. Listen anywhere. Click on the link in the PROFILE. . . . . #independentmusic #weirdo #artists_community #experimentalmusic #musicianslife #weirdos #instamusician #experimentalart…
Not accurate. Niemi was nothing special for the Hawks. Matt Murray was not incredible for the Pens. It’s not difficult to win in the playoffs with a very good goalie that’s on a decent contract. You don’t need superstars in net to win every time.
The manner in which the animals are handled, transported and killed for animal sacrifice also typically violates India's Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act 1960, its Transport of Animals Rules 1978 and the Slaughterhouse Rules 2001 making it a punishable offense.
The one's I have to deal with don't follow him. Just pick up bits & pieces from faux news. Such as, he says he's anti-abortion so it must be true. Don't want to hear about how Tiffany almost didn't live or how many others involved in his flings may have been forced to have 1.
If it's so frustrating, maybe parents need to find out what the job action is all about instead of spinning fake news. Find out what they can do to support the ppl who work with their kids, and maybe petition the govt to get back to work and deal in a responsible manner.
This is all going to get way too complicated for the average Trump voter again. We're doomed I tell ya!
Don’t have to worry becuz it’s gonna be really good’ since she has the “ONLY” opportunity to stand out to be having the most “dressed” and expensive clothing except the rest of the members
I'm stuck wondering the plains crying and trying to set my Camp up after 20 minutes of crying Cripps Pacs it back up & Barely any Wildlife to bring him
You're the mean one. Calling out someone's bullshit isn't mean, it's a kindness. You are full of bullshit. That is unkind.
Yes, everybody, we should all pay attention to the opinion of someone who has nothing better to do than troll an ex-Govenor.
Ugh. The #Nats offering deferred money again. ‘Nationals offer Anthony Rendon seven-year deal worth $210 million-$215 million’https://www.washingtonpost.com/sports/nationals/nationals-offer-anthony-rendon-seven-year-deal-worth-210-million-215-million/2019/09/30/00d39aee-e3ce-11e9-b403-f738899982d2_story.html …
Idk much about technology words and stuff cause I’ve looked up the specs of the iPad Pro and the new iPad and I’m afraid if I buy a new one then it’ll be exactly the same as my old one and I won’t be upgrading at all?!
I was never able to find the udder, let alone the teats so wasn't even able to get a start
Knowing the amount of true poverty in the world, thinking about how many children go to bed starving at night only to wake up in sheer terror due to modern day capitalist / colonial ventures - how is this any surprise? It’s the only way to explain how / why ...
Today no sacrifices of animals ,just sacrifices wine , alcohol Infront of goddess Durga ,it is today's resolution to all girls and boys of the world
Not sure about the storm trooper but the C3PO is uncanny
thats mike dean, the man who is supposed to be mixing the song, he supposedly lost the file :(
...so many of the things that Chirac got wrong or messed up in his time.
Am I the only one that when they favorite contestant on #chopped gets cut I stop watching dammit
I don't even debate with "battle rap fans" who say  isn't the it just isn't worth the time it's like a MF arguing with you saying water isn't wet.
Dogs need your help! Tell Congress to stop cruel taxpayer-funded experiments. - Sign the Petition! http://chng.it/NrYs9GVq via
Really weak. If you’re going to try to defend the obviously guilty, you need a better story.
it's a cathartic experience overall but fuck me is it bleak along the way...... i'm so excited but nervous for u
The way he looped the synth from Timestretch over Eyes on fire was pure wizardry.
Shittiest part about the desert is I cant wash my face smh nose feel like a volcano of oil! Rip to my pores smh
The Pope and Father James Martin are doing the right thing, to the consternation of people who are on the wrong side of both history and morality.
aftermovie has ghosted us after saying it won’t be like the last time we’re in this together..... Me: I will drink my sorrows away
I hope he never plays in the NFL again. Cheap shot, and dirty player. Always has been.
I’d heard the new seabuses were going to be bigger but this is just ridiculous
Even so the thing that I can’t get over is who does he think he’s fooling with that hair
never thought id clean the bathroom but it had to be done..
That's all the DemocRATS have been doing for 3 years, call for civil unrest and still doing. I should've bought stock in Kleenex for all the liberal tears shed, I'd be a millionaire. I'll think about it for his next 4 years.....
Im 100000000% gonna regret this decision in the morning
Can we trade all of them the whole Organization are frauds
They called Jerry the wrong name for 5 seasons straight. His name is Garry. Then they started calling him Terry
LRT, I do wonder if the Jussie Smollett situation made people a bit more gun shy. Hm...
concept: i'm in a joyless stench and the forest has been engulfed; everyone is cool, everyone is silent
For the people I meet at twitchcon who wants to be in a big ass Snapchat gc       and whoever else I meet
But got the nerve to be playing hard to get w the money like sis I can’t even fake til I make it
I grew up in Jersey, so what the hell did I know? Everything in Jersey is like 30-60 minutes from everything else.
Where is the medias apology to the public for runnings such a horrific story of racism without checking the facts or the truth or anything #FakeNewsCNN
RIP to my granny g the only mf that showed me nothing but love in its purest form only mf that made me feel like I belong crazy how now that you gone I need you more then ever
Finally moved to the dark side. For good it would appear. Poor Wuke.
If I went to the same high school as them I would’ve been expelled
 To whom it may concern- STOP- It is now 7:47pm on the South Carolina coast- STOP and I have just purchased my first  CD's in like thirteen years- STOP- Hey  what is the opposite of Stop-----ok you passed----It is sad though that we may never the band again...
See its not their fault, its the governments. Lets sue for being stupid.
I’m in, but I’m hoping the good in Ziva hasn’t been soured. I don’t want her to get arrested or die.
I have to drop almost 3k for my fucking car lol nvm that shit can stay in the shop, I don’t have $3k laying around
They were the ones running a deep state operative chasing conspiracy theories.
Excuse me what in the same hell am I looking at right now?
Y’all literally go “ooh manga readers know what’s about to happen. Sorry for the anime onlys” with a picture of the character unprompted at that but sure people are making y’all feel guilty for being douchebags
Whatever you say. But that’s not what the Ukrainians say. Biden is in deep trouble. Whether you want to believe it or not.
Always paying close attention because you never know if that one conversation could provide the one detail you needed to a difficult problem. Listen with the intent to learn, grow and engage #majorformayor | photo by… https://www.instagram.com/p/B3De-lwAH9A/?igshid=4ovimkdwuwpz …
some new AOIs in the western Atlantic. low chances but rain effects will be felt along with gusty winds.
Just met Kai Wachi at the airport but I was hella nervous to say hi and started stuttering and shit cool way to wrap up Lost Lands tho
It’s you and me, that’s my whole world. They whisper in the hallway, she’s a bad, bad girl
The funniest part is the idea of sleepy creepy  could “strong arm” anyone, let alone !! He probably has trouble finding his Tighty Whities everyday!! Biden Demands Media Not Allow Giuliani To Point Out He's a Criminalhttps://youtu.be/bpEo-lOd1CU
Go away Harris, you are going no where near the White House.
update : the doctors think she was extremely dehydrated and her post cancer meds caused her to be even more dehydrated, and then she had a high ammonia level which can cause ppl to act extremely incoherent, which is why we thought she had a stroke.
Ai amigo vou tomar coragem pra economizar dinheiro q nem o meu amigo fez pra comprar The Sims 4, mas quando vou economizar no dia seguinte o dinheiro some. Um dia eu coloquei 300 e pouco vírus no meu computador hmkk
This didn’t start with Ole. Actually he has improved the squad since he came in. It will take a while for us to challenge any decent teams. There is no doubt this is the rock bottom we’ve ever been but we will bounce back. Let’s be patient and watch the transformation!
Well, we already know that they’re dumb as f**k for even voting for him in the first place...
Possible, but the complaint is so “perfect” that he probably did little to author it.
Yeah I remember the night of May 18, the look of a man defeated, the pain behind those eyes, a life ambition thwarted, a failure in every way. It was tough to watch Bill Shorten give his speech.
Exactly #tharsan should have stayed in the final ... losliya should have been evicted and she better not win
Get em while their young. The motto of all criminal organizations.
When all else fails, flail away, everything you got away has changed, only a moron would put himself in the public microscope and still play mobster
NOBODY could Ever make up the incompetence of ur admin, Spanky! Ur a worldwide embarrassment & national shame! Resign! Gov. shutdown, no deals made, no mfg jobs are back, no healthcare/infrastructure proposals, store closings, education de-funded, bad tariffs, excessive spending!
tô assistindo The Politican e já tô estressado no primeiro episódio
Gracias por esas amistades que me quieren knowing the shitty person I am. Son los únicos que me aguantan, los llevo de cora!
“... countin another nigga pockets, still gettin fronted packs, and u trap without the strap dnt kno what to do wit u... cant walk a mile in my sneakers i ricky bobby the beaker 200 and a blunt a reafer she say she gon get freaky....” -Peewee Longway
Yesterday I was in a dark place. My prior tweet came from a place of frustration in life. And I assume my tweet was lost in the shuffle because no friend give me words of encouragement, which is ok, it's the nature of tweeter to tweets be missed. Life goes on
#Repost rh_aldo • • • • • • People remember the 43 students still missing today from Ayotzinapa.… https://www.instagram.com/p/B3De-98BYjG/?igshid=1bts1o8t4kr2p …
Always suspicious when they don't post the gfm on their Fb either...just Twitter
So here's the article. Let's not have a nationwide moral panic that only results in a government further equipped to spy on us at will and the death of literal freedom of speech. https://www.nytimes.com/2019/09/29/us/takeaways-child-sex-abuse.html …
Hey GOP, the grass is growing far to much under your feet and I'm tired of seeing Flies on the Foreheads of our leadership. Forget equivocating and start promoting an agenda, recreate something. be forward thinkers, the nation involved, the left hates this, it drives them crazy.
Wrong.... the only threat is you and the rest of the squad. #KAG2020 #VoteOutThe4Horseman
The original Game of Life has a "Death by Suicide" tile, which ultimately was taken out of subsequent releases of the game due to the cultural norms of the later decades, plus I don't know how well this would settle with the modern era of North America's Politically Correct demo.
Stupid bitch in my class found out how old I was and had the audacity to say “you can be my mom”
[10] The Punisher - Full Gameplay https://youtu.be/HTY4b9rGkds via
They never looked like they had much of a chance against IG, and I don’t think they were psyched to lose to Phong Vu Buffalo. Their group stage was lackluster even if you put the “they weren’t trying” spin on it
Shop http://Jamaicangyal.com for Authentic Jamaican Black Castor Oil. No salt http://added.No additive.Prepared the traditional way. Call: 8768563941. #JamacianBlackCastorOil #ProductOfJamaica #BuyJamaicaBuildJamaica
I was stuck until the sun got in his face, he’s not about that life apparently.
I will miss the biretta but I think the saturno will be appropriate.
Serious Issues Do You Need Some Tissue You Hate Talking To The Only Nigga That Can fix You...
 Respect you and totally disagree w you. You KNOW if Tom Brady got that hit your saying there is no room in the NFL for that, it's a personal foul, ejection and get the guy out of the league!
Another one payed by the Catalan gob. Money by the way, that is coming from the dictator State of Spain. They want the independence but the don’t give up the money! Minority crazy people.we are sick of you!!
I am A Whistleblower!! I heard from a friend of a friend of an enemy of AOC that she committed campaign finance fraud!! I never really knew exactly what it was, but I can assure you that it was very Illegal!! I demand Immunity and the Immiate resignation of Clown Car , AOC
#BookBloggers why does  want to make it so hard to do things on the site, I just got blocked from posting reviews because of the $50 thing urgh
I think shit like the movie Adjustment Bureau is real.
The lonely loner seems to be made of ramen at night.
u know the bartender is drunk as hell when ur drink is 9/10 vodka and 1/10 mixer
singing mood /leave the negative comments at ya momma house /i dont own copy rights to music https://www.pscp.tv/w/cGKMfjFvTlFsTHZxcHl6UXd8MWxQS3FlV1pYVkFLYikIV5x9gT83J8I_U-EEbZLfH17RDr_KfnBKrQPPqGjc …
You're the bitch, tf is that username.. and the picture looks nothing like you
 I read the transcript verbatim. There is no such admission. Frankly, how in God’s name can anyone believe what this has-been NJ judge has to say. He is wrong almost every time he opens his trap. Seriously, in this case he takes the case bcause he assumes we can’t read.
« the street. I died on impact, so it only hurt for a second. It's kind of a lame way to die, but, it happened. I always thought if I was to die young, I would be rescuing someone or something, you know?＂
for real, reddit and online sources all had tons of info about the progression system complaining about torches? check the controls, F pulls up your lantern holy shit, what was this review
By the time a NASA gets to Mars using an SLS your astronauts will be able to book a room in SpaceX motel, rent martian Tesla and have Bezos and Blue Origin deliver supplies for the mission by Amazon Prime. Stand up to the senators from MS, AL, WA, MD, UT and Cancel SLS!
Wizkid needs a ghost writer honestly. The melody is there but the content is poor. Not one effort put into it
Omashola to frodd: I like tacha but she is stupid. Me: where’s the lie
I want the nightmare before christmas vans so bad holy shit
Chopper the pet #pitbull killed his owner, #morgancrayton, of #hampton #virginia - she died today. Pit Bulls aren't safe #dogs - choose any other breed & you've got a much better chance of staying alive. Over 50% of the dead from #pitbullattack is one of their human 'family'.
Has it, Slowhand? I’ll admit, your analysis is indeed very simple. Your research must’ve been painstaking. No wonder the sheep flock to you for their fix of confirmation bias. In reality though, it’s blatant projection. Your boys Weinstein/Buck/Epstein had “imaginary crimes” too.
Your survey is misleading. The first statement is for Jake and the survey question is against him. I don’t think it’s going to give you an accurate view.
"You have 48 hours to hand over Semion Mogilevich and the rest of the oligarch KGB monsters that attacked us. If you fail to comply, we will deal with them exactly the same way we dealt with al Qaida. We will hunt them down wherever they are.
The conversation between Arlene & Boris leading up to this: ‘We’ve always made our objective clear Boris’. ‘Oh for fuck sake Arlene leave it with me. I’ll get your hard border & I’ll even make the bloody Micks build it!’. ‘I knew you’d see sense Boris, now about that peerage’
You’re one of those losers that want to change the rules when you lose. You’re also one of those losers who would be promoting the EC if Hillary had won the EC but lost the popular vote. Everything you say going forward is not worth anything.
Running a coup against an incoming and presiding President is exponentially worse for the country.
If I’ve learned one thing from all these WeWork articles, it was the tequila’s fault.
Denilson Davis, 21 and a 16-year-old boy have been convicted at the Old Bailey of killing Joshua Boadu in June 2018. SJ's family said "Words cannot begin to describe how life has been since Josh’s passing and he will be forever in our hearts..." x
This reminds me of the time when I had a sub-1.00 ERA over two seasons, where it’s gauche to publicly tout your metrics.
the way i had an actual heart attack before i saw the replies
Yup! Has all the dlc which makes it so you can cut out all the busy work getting money and territory, and just fuck around if you want
It's not the same players though. Lukaku and Herrera are gone and Matic, Young and Lingard have gotten worse. It's also only 7 games in which is a little early to start worrying about relegation for a team that are sitting mid table
Burr is apparently knee deep in horse manure from cleaning out Trumps stall over and over again. Barr personally asked foreign officials to aid inquiry into CIA, FBI activities in 2016 - The Washington Post https://www.washingtonpost.com/national-security/attorney-general-barr-personally-asked-foreign-officials-to-aid-inquiry-into-cia-fbi-activities-in-2016/2019/09/30/d50cd5c4-e3a5-11e9-b403-f738899982d2_story.html …
Just saved massive damage bill, inching closer to the plane.
Some sort of sappy Hallmark message could be drawn out of this story—don't be too precious about material belongings or the purity of children's play—but I can't think of anything pithy, plus I'm honestly a bit sad about the paper.
Will the nation prove to have a moral or immoral majority? I think that if they prove content with BJ as PM, they will show that essentially this country has sunk to an immoral position.
Why do we keep faking this stuff? This is a mental illness. I’m pretty sure there are factual stories to make your point. These lies detract from the truthful stories. Not a smart tactic.
More than 100 people were arrested in Sunday protests after clashes with the police. https://slate.com/news-and-politics/2019/09/hong-kong-protests-china-troops-national-day.html … via
 You want to bring on a civil war because you're being Impeached Go ahead and try it, I dare you. You don't own the military. You'll be locked up by dinner.
I swear niggas in the NBA community take practice too seriously just because he's a big man that shoots wide open 3s in practice doesnt mean he'll be a sniper.
Soooo who’s staying here this weekend and wants to go to the state fair & a haunted house ?
They weren't though. Experienced people at the other counts say the same as I'm saying. The whole bloody boiling of us are trying to tell you nothing happened and you don't have a single person with a verifiable incident of actual systematic fraud.
What excuse? What’s your problem? Is that you in the video?
Indifferent because it’s hard to gauge a team with a lack of depth and when key injuries start in the offseason and just pile on. The O line issues are extremely alarming.
More nuance needed.  also laundered a viral false hit piece on Sen. Harris & as we know Clinton Cash from Bannon. In these times we need nuance. For what it’s worth the writer doesn’t write the headlines. We have problems. We do. We’re all being targeted. We don’t see it
OH MY GOD. This isn’t even hiding in plain sight anymore. It’s just “we don’t give a crap and F you if you don’t like it” How is the fraud Gorka not in jail already?
this is especially important for persons from the caribbean living in north america. the lack of sunlight can reallllllllly wreak havoc on you
Hahahahahaha Technically defeated group now needs spiritual intervention, for the army to defeat it!
Because you guys keep forgetting that the Russians hacked the RNC’s emails too.
I swear bitches hate that I’m one of the hottest designers rn and they are very fucking mad that they like my style
Tesla owners post videos of accidents, near misses while using new Smart Summon feature - Since Tesla began rolling out its Smart Summon feature last week as part of its V10 software update, some videos posted to social media show the company's vehicles involved in accidents ...
It’s cool. A little strange mechanic for a tank since it doesn’t benefit as much from being played quick, but if ends up 2 weak they can buff it, the concept—less up-front cost w a cost penalty on death—is fine and interesting, something I’ve actually wanted to see for a while
Its a shitty way to attack the President. But they can say what they want due to the first amendment.
She's like, the mean girl in middle school that never grew up. Causing problems wherever she goes.
all this was happening at the same time, when the nooras were plundering with tax money, orang train, stupid bus service, and no money for health
Well sometimes a well-placed expletive just what the conversation needed or statement punctuated I used to be a bit fast/loose w/ the "bomb" but hearing it from others is a bit jarring so I DO TRY to conserve it My dog rolled in a dead skunk 2day F-bombs have been plentiful
I'm not a trans woman, but I can understand the desperation you must have felt. I am not condemning your choice, it is your body and not my place to judge. But, I do find it concerning if you are advocating other women in your situation do the same?
north really is not gonna have a pinch of black in her. as soon as jordyn left, the mixed kids chance of having culture left too what a shame
it’s like basketball without dribbling, the best thing about it is that it seems to be a woman-dominated sport
Them girls in that pew is me I woulda screamed and pretended I caught the holy ghost
Not sure of he's still at  but Deroy Murdock compiled quite the evidence to show Iraq still had wmd's when we invaded. Look it up in the archives.
I decided to watch The Bye Bye Man because I am tired and bored and it’s been a few months since I watched a terrible horror movie.
Maybe if you'd stop self flagellating in the mentions of black people you'd learn how to recognize racism and curb your own casual racism and the micro-aggressions of the people around you. Because right now you're functionally useless as an ally.
my autograph would have looked tight as fuck at the end of some endgame credits tbh
I agree she is no expert on the matter. But that has nothing to do with some weird stuff she may have done, which doesn't make her weird. It has simply to do with her lack of formal training and the actual proposals she's supporting.
There are no homeless in America and the streets are filled with gold
We are so sorry to hear of you & your family’s loss. We’re appalled that so many warnings about the suicide risk from the immoral #LoanCharge have been ignored. We’ll be raising this with the #LoanChargeReview. If there’s any way we can help, including pls email us. So sorry.
Nope. You’re guilty of betraying the country. Bye bye
Big fish gotta do what big fish gotta do Scare the crap out of divers
Did Congress seriously still go on it’s recess?!? If ever there was a time to cancel one in order to hunker down and do the people’s work it’s now. #DoYourJob #SaveDemocracy
The Internet has been too ridiculous today. Send comics.
Doesn’t matter if it’s secondhand. You have abused the power of your office for personal gain, an impeachable offense.
Must see & listen.We the American people, #Patriots, #Democrats & #Republicans. This is an absolute must see & listen. Warning though, after listening if your a smart Democrat you’ll be switching to the Republican Party.  &  are doing #Hillary’s #DIRTY WORK
What the heck is wrong with that? He's doing his job. These reporting? morons don't even know the subject they claim to report on. We need to know what/who started this colossal political mess. NYT's already on record that they're after  so don't look 4 factual news there
Maybe our president should do something, how is it democrats fault? Only the simple minded fall fir this talk
Trump is the villain who cleansed the sins of all other white people - but this is taking it too far..
Despite him being on the opposing team... This dude is a HELL of a LB... I like buddy.. He just has on the wrong jersey... lol.. Nah he SOLID for y’all
#California is suffering today after fatal shooting. #POTUS, stop the bloodshed. #BackfireTrump
Two months after regretfully being forced to switch from  to  for my internet service, Optimum has an outage on a night I need badly to get work done. Verizon didn't have a single outage in three years. If you value your own time, the choice is clear.
You know what will absolutely wipe out the memory of this movie from your mind? Bone Tomahawk. I absolutely 100% guarantee that if you watch it, you will no longer be upset about Hereditary.
"You can keep the group, just no criminal activity, and I will leave you alone."
My house really the bad girls club! Three sisters get crazy
Yes, because, as we have seen, there were plenty of reasons to fear he would abuse power and be corrupt. Remember, before Obama took office, the Republicans were saying their main goal was to ensure he was a one-termer. Nothing to see here.
And then 2 years later he rekindled my love from him yet again, but this time in the form of a spikey-haired blonde who’s summer vacation was cut short.
nah naked is so B.C. i heard the new style was clothes yk?
So you think his Presidency has ZERO reflection on the state of race relations in America? That’s intellectually dishonest as hell
Bloomberg admits: This  charade is a gross abuse of our Constitution driven by partisan political hackery: __ "All the Senate’s Democrats & independents & 20 of its Republicans, would have to vote against Trump for this to be the first such presidential ouster."
don't lie • - Martes • - ayer • - si.. • - ayer • - 1 • - A • - A • - No jaja • - katrina • - si • - si • - así no más? Y el cafecito? drop an emoji and i'll send you the questions
I am neither the top nor the bottom. I am zen ascended
This just in. All the reporters who work at CBS took a poll of each other and they agree that bad orange man should be impeached
  1.Dail maintenance is not happening in 12342 asn-hwh agnibeena superfast. Please inspect all the coach and rectify all the broken parts. 2. Escalator is not running in early morning. Informed many time but no action.
He did not miss a shot in every round he used these man get no bloom or have any IQ whats so ever no pc player can get to that level of aim its impossible he ran into the stinks knowing he will l2 anyone thats come across his path anyways
In what way is the PPC racist? Because the news told you so?
The thing I like most about The Righteous Gemstones is how frequently it subverts the Big Cringe. It knows you've been trained on lazier TV that just looks to turn empathy against you. Weirdly optimistic, even as you know that in the end, no one gets to walk away in a white suit.
I HAVENT CHECKED HER PROFILE IN THE LONGEST TIME!!! someone tell me they’re proud of me >:(
There was a lot I disagreed with that Obama said and did. He admitted on an open mic that he would have more leeway to act with Putin after he was re-elected. Biden held back money to the Ukraine until they rired the man investgating his son.
For me it's not even Mayhem 3, it's the Anointed that really ruin TVHM for me.
You know the problem with automatic loaders. Ammo gets stored in the turret. One hit and the whole thing violently goes up: Achilles heel of T-72s.
This is what happens when victim hood is a way to get attention, praise & sometimes money. The “believe all victims” nonsense has to stop. It’s dangerous. By automatically labeling an accuser a victim, you’re saying the accused is automatically guilty. ...MORE>>>
#hillary2020 A woman who refused to divorce her habitual cheating husband just for the sake of POWER.
Unless the cowards in the  start implementing the provisions of our Constitution you won’t ever see it again, our democracy will be dead on arrival. #SaveAmerica #ImpeachTrump
I forgot about it until now. It was extremely supportive of them and I don't think I appreciated it enough at the time.
Most people I know don t like Tariq, bad kids are not cute or a good example. Lister Power crew if you are basing the spin off on this kid we will not be joining you!
No haircuts. Dude missed the FG. But free chicken sandwich!
It's sad to see people who treat others like trash and not in a "oh funny stereotype" way. I mean I could just as easily have the amount of funny Haha by saying "it's sad to see pronouns in bio"
The 50 most miserable cities in America https://www.businessinsider.com/most-miserable-cities-in-the-united-states-based-on-data-2019-9?utmSource=twitter&utmContent=referral&utmTerm=topbar&referrer=twitter … via
WE stopped the Cape Canaveral one so I believe POTUS checked the others- This happened two years ago and Fox news aired it.
https://www.blackagendareport.com/canada-no-safe-haven-blacks … Robyn Maynard, a Montreal-based writer and activist and author of “Policing Black Lives: State Violence in Canada from Slavery to the Present.” Canada has been especially harsh in its treatment of Haitians attempting to enter the country #canpoli #cdnpoli
Ok, this proves that Barr is nuts. During his confirmation hearing, some journalist said he has been watching Fox for years. Big right wing conspiracy that the Intel community is the “deep state”. Barr’s a wacko. I mean, traveling with Gorka???
Yang is a capitalist who wants to unload costs for the capitalist class (wages and benefits) onto the state. He's a weirdo and ion like him
Pay attention- Dems are working for the people. The cult that is the GOP are literally pleading guilty to crimes and jumping ship because they rather rule than govern.
For lying to the people, so tell me u that corrupt that u cant see your dad is in trouble. Your not a royal and u will pay us back. We did not elect u!
Don’t really see jones running to hard, quarterbacks don’t want to get hit, stay in the pocket or quit crying about getting leveled
Junior Alex Calhoun was named  Women’s Soccer Player of the Week following her performance in a victory over Berea. In her one game, she scored her first career goal and tallied her first career hat trick! #HawkEm
I know I would think being a serial killer they would leave the hair and beard and have him looking real scruffy....but time will tell.
Do you mean heels-up Harris and Crooked Hillary and her resided hard drives and her missing emails. Screw you lady!!! Liberals are about the nastiest people on the planet.
"...!" Dragunov was unaware of her summoning abilities. Crossing his arms above his face in a x formation. He embraced for the worst. This unknown energy skidded him back until he eventually lost his control of balance. Another slip up. #ZaibatsuTEC3
Riding my bike full-time for the last 6-7 months has turned my legs into hardened steel and I’m upset that I can’t say so in my job applications.
What the hell is this  . I just won a raid battle but it didn't show any pokemon......Just wasted a raid pass....
A letter from Rep. Rush: The President is a threat to our democracy and must be impeached #HydeParkChicago http://bit.ly/2muczsM
Well..... Ignorance is bliss for some sadly. Not that I condone violence, however these girls may say it TO or in FRONT of the wrong one and catch a fade.... Just throwing it out there. And yes absolutely DISGUSTING
Cool I'll check that out. I'm looking to try another brand as I seemingly always grab it the utillian when it's dead. Thanks
Star Wars is straight up dead at this point, it’s just a troll job on the original fans. I’m literally not even going to see the new movie. They made their bed, they can sleep in it
Dunno. I don’t think I could ever spend that much on a watch no matter how much I made.
Sports - the conflict between Iran and Iraq erupted into violence.
Of course time does not want to investigate it however cats out of the bag I think everyone in the swamp is going to be looked at
I dread the day when we hear ‘long live citizen pilots!’
Bryce told me I’m sick in the head crazy “what did I get myself into”
i remember listening to this at limited too and begging my mom to buy me a cd for the first time ever
So is the Nostalgia Critic review of The Wall as bad as everyone says it is? I don't want to watch it, but if it's really that bad, I'll check it out.
... especially in the Military! "Officer Speak" is the worst!
During the climate protests in D.C. last week, 32 people were arrested for causing the AM commute to come to a standstill. A tow truck hauled a van away; the van probably gets 10 mi/Gal. Velma stayed on the roof as the Mystery Machine was hauled away.
You lost - YOU are the most morally and ethically corrupt person - The American people chose Trump and will again - deal with it!
I was waiting for the punchline.. but- but it never came. This is just wholesome and soft and i am crying dammit misha i cannot deal with this
Never a truer word said.... Look at McDonnell for a start
I could've been the one you noticed I could've been all over you I could've been like all the others Is that what I'm supposed to do? It would've been really stupid If I would've went home with you To give you everything you wanted It would've been way too soon
It is a war for America but why do you want the Republicans to fight on the wrong side. Has the used car salesman in the Oval office really conned you that much.
Tbh we were just focusing on Lisa if we ever got a fight with the Jennifer's its always that they're the one who started it first they keep on shading Lisa especially when Lisa would achieve something it seems like they are insecure
The only people who can stop him are the Republicans
You disgust me. I am a Grim Reaper. I refuse to grant anyone the freedom to kill!
The Treasure of the Sierra Madre (6/10) Movie CLIP - No Stinking Badges ... https://youtu.be/4OcM23Hbs5U via
For folks thinking SEC enforcements are just a “slap on the wrist”, the enforcements vary case by case and can result in severe things like bankruptcy and jail time etc.
  #FoxNews $is the downfall of society. It’s selfish. - Make some money and be humble. - Yet we have I’m gonna get mine everywhere and our kids / gangs etc in this country want theirs too based on their “role models”. Are they wrong when we, project that?
At least you can afford to have an education. Your entitlement of complaining about your schoolwork really is something. Honey, in the real world your amount of schoolwork is nothing.
I'm still frantically writing up evidence sources & technological deus ex machinas for the . Odds this will all come to an end before I can even send out all of the *less* ultrapowerful/strategically destabilizing material to them? Say, top-tier that can't break the world?
The longer I live the more cynical I start to become.
Unfortunately, 10.66 million more people (5.7%) voted against Trump than for him (73641198 vs 62,984,828). The outdated electoral college selected him, not voters.
Were all all the Patriots that support president Trump! Speak out about the lying Adam Schiff and the fake news! Show the video of Biden every chance you get! Saying he had Ukraine fire investigator or he will hold a billion dollars in aid!
“Any fool can know. The point is to understand.” Coming soon http://www.empathyapparel.us
THE PRESIDENT???? JUST PUBLICALLY??? THREATENED CONGRESS????
I miss our young guns also but imagine a scenario where we just kept our previous roster and staff. No AD and the vets...yet clips get kawhi and PG. Imagine our media day... Nope. I can't imagine our media day either.
Stephen Miller on White House response to whistleblower complaint, Democrats' impeachment push  why don't you shut up after you ask a question, this is the 3rd time ive asked you to quit being rude
He’s obviously pained she’s in the finals reason he’s talking about her playing Ike
Just got the notification that Vontaze Burfict will be suspended the rest of the season...... there is a god
I’m always like ugh I have so much stuff I need to throw some away then I buy stuff to replace the things i got rid of
i feel myself being pushed to the point of just not giving a shit and that says alot bc even though im fucked, my hearts big
. real dead pansies alien cat? Batman Wars Jurassic Lord Alien , Independance Armagedon Ryan Black Man Twilight Potter The The Titanic Revnant
-television is getting criticized for their opinions. It's common sense and the parents are pieces of shit for airing their daughter on national television, knowing the risk of harassment all for political gain.
It's never good when a slide shows up with the surface of a spindle cell lesion at the base of the biopsy. Here is a whole slide image - is it something to worry about or not? From the Sid Barsky Collection. #dermpath #dermatology #pathologyhttps://kikoxp.com/posts/843
Absolutely!! The mere thought that the criminal traitor could get a cheap deal is just horrible. #ImpeachmentIsComing
It is a bit better, but for a openworld game where vehicles are important and a big part of the game. Literally all are terrible. I really hoped they learned that from wildlands, but unfortunately it’s a big let down for me and many others
I didnt eat today. Like nothing. Actually this piece of cheese is the first thing I eat in 24h
Australian PM just doused the socialist fire. What idiots.
Or maybe you can stop blaming other people for the Presidents criminal acts.
iPhone 11s Pro Max Plus Retina XDR & Knuckles featuring Dante from the Devil May Cry series
Nixon wasn’t as bad as the #WorstPresidentEver This guy is the worst she’ll of humanity ever!
Considering that I’m writing a piece at the moment outlining why that’s still possible, I don’t disagree? I’d put the odds at maybe 45%. 50 years ago a guy like him would have no shot at reelection. Today however he has a reasonable chance.
Cancel Dallas and come to Austin. Everyone hates Dallas and we have the good BBQ.
I was indicating I'm not a subscriber and it would only show me the first sentence. The article was 1998. Surely every police dept today uses hollow points. They are more likely to stop in the subject fired at or walls, thereby avoiding wounding of innocent bystanders.
September taught me a lot - mainly that God prepares a table before me in the presence of my enemies.
Pressing my cock and balls into the newly poured asphalt
I personally blame all the entrenched liberal professors that are teaching these young minds full of mush.
If the dick don’t make me leave your house at 3am with my shoes on the wrong feet then ion want it
I stand with you Bill Blair, RCMP must have a hand in the classification of firearms as they are the most affected by others irresponsible use of them.
Some of the food you guys post on snap with the “” emoji looks gross asf
The giants aren't any better so idk why I'm even talking lol.
We need not get consistent with wrong calls in the first place. Neither should have been a pentalty. At such height a head clash may have followed should Barret not have had his guard up. Physics
That’s the wrong attitude about that in my opinion. (That don’t mean shit lol)
Oh dear... ... Getting nervous? ;) No hate here though... In the words of someone famous... YOU ARE BREATH TAKING!
i disagree a lot with this. over the years airlines have become considerably more affordable for people due to removal of included bags. before the rate made the assumption of you bringing the bag - which is an added cost for the airline due to fuel.
Nothing like being a fan of the permanently mediocre.
While others used SEO tools to game PageRank, then Panda & Penguin - and while  still provided the data feeds to game its own search results - I used 'em to look at effects on language and concepts. I fear #FakeNews is FAR from the bottom of the barrel / rabbit hole here!
Childcare and preschool > $2000 a month each? what the fuck? im not american but that cannot possibly be right?
I honestly expected a style or a way of playing positively with commitment to some attacking prowess; I’m not seeing much different from the previous 2 managers, tbh, just worse players. The times we get forward, but nobody is in the box, is glaring; they stop and pass backwards
That's the important part fuck what anybody thinks or says was that at gold rush
 Paid players should have there earning prorated to pay the University's back for there athletic scholarships.
Tbqh although I don't think machine guns should be banned I do think we can beat the government with semi-autos. We can't beat them without semi-autos though.
Pastor Jakes you going to need pray after you eat that cake! Sorry to break it to you but Sugar is the Devil
You must mistake We The People for those that truly care what you have to say! Hillary you've got to get on meds! You're continuing to make a fool of yourself and it's not a pretty thing to watch! We all have your number now!
The House Spends $3,003,923/day #WastingTaxpayerMoney Impeachment'S 100% Politics by #DemocRATS    have been changing the Rules of the #HOUSE to FAST-TRACK impeachment Democrats HAVEN'T VOTED YET They are too SCARED TO GO ON RECORD
Gonna take the day off tomorrow and just rest. Doctor gave me a zpack, allergy meds and steroids. I'm seriously lagging today.
Valis Volkova Modeling for http://www.westcoastbikini.com , See the entire Photo and Video shoot in our Bikini Store and check out the Members Section as this is where we post the rest of the Photoshoot, Bikini,… https://www.instagram.com/p/B3De-NjgxRn/?igshid=1ayu9uxc1o5zn …
She is a woman. Not a man. You clearly are as transphobic as the person who fired her.
Phil Rogers is the worst fucking “sports” writer alive. He can’t even relay a message correctly. Stick to money and business at Forbes Phil because you are a trash can sports writer
I read the details!Think about it,we know that there is absolutely nothing there right?Ok why would The so called whistleblower be afraid to come forward?Afraid of Nothing?!The Real Whistleblower is him!It makes no sense because nothing existed!
In the Oval Office. In broad daylight. Giving away #NationalSecurity info. What say you  ? #MoscowMitch #ImpeachTrump #AbuseOfPower #Betrayal
Master guy over here just let his subordinate repeatedly stab and essentially torture a little girl and the same goes for the rest of the Hashiras. Excessive violence is the only thing Kimetsu no Yaiba ever uses and the show is extremely one-note because of it.
I simply cannot wait for our political discourse to become even more degraded ovsr the course of these proceedings
Clearly you have no understanding of a sovereign states rule of law which Trump is alleged to have breached but don't take it from me here are the 12019 lies committed by Trump since taking office https://www.washingtonpost.com/
Was it the drug dealing? Emotional abuse of a former student? Murder? General disregard for anyone but himself?
In some jurisdictions, if you shoot to wound they treat that as evidence of premeditation, because you planned to shoot the intruder in such a way as to injure them, rather than (as in most self-defense situations where a gun is actually used) center of mass.
Handwriting/drawing is on our to-do list to build, but it probably won't come in the immediate future, unfortunately. Will add your vote to prioritize it on the roadmap though
This is the epitome of us eating pixel fuck quality because the bangtan quality can be seen thru a brick wall
As if that doesn't help matters, I'm low on gas for the car and hungry.
Many of these Russians were in one way or another related to the Steele Dossier. How has this never been a big deal w/msm? Msm ran w/gop conspiracies of HRC murdering half of the country. It makes no sense to me. Any1 else find this normal to ignore the importance,scandal, of it?
Seriously, the opthalmologists are going to have a field day fixing so many eye issues
I’m just tryna find and befriend that girl who sprayed my butt with a water gun during the  set
"We tripped the light and danced together to the moon, But where was June No it never came around If it did it never made a sound"
Okay. If he wasn't talking about his wife. Who in the hell is Michael? Barry? Anything?
Favoritism in children’s sports is disgusting and discouraging to the other children.
The way I can relate is very alarming! I have no idea what's inside this makeup kini shaa.
So let’s forget what the Clintons did . Besides you should know what happens when u “ASS-U-ME”
Don’t think Boras does counter offers. He rejects them and waits for teams to come back to him. This should be one that shows Rendon and Boras that Nats are serious though. The offer to Harper wasn’t.
Did someone steal the Trump from the Hall of Presidents?
That saved thousands of dollars damage to the plane maybe tens of thousands
The only difference between Schiff, Pelosi, Schumer, Nadler, Omar, AOC, Tlaib and Antifa is that Antifa wear mask to hide the crap coming out of their mouths!
talking shit to ur mom is dangerous because you’ll say something about a friend and she’ll bring up all the dumb things they’ve done to you that you’ve forgiven and suddenly you’re mad all over again
kasdkaskd isok i'll just suffer (or read the manga quickly)
Officially cried about academics for the first time this semester, last night. So there’s that.
Also about the film. Art is meaningless without an audience. How individuals respond to art is important in understanding any piece.
What color is Lou’s hair dye? Hard to say from the pic.
Kehinde Wiley’s Times Square Monument: That’s No Robert E. Lee - The New York Times https://www.nytimes.com/2019/09/27/arts/design/kehinde-wiley-times-square-statue.html …
I’ve lost 8 LBS & ive only been going to the gym for a month
One foul and then someone was trash. I watched him closely because I'm usually one of his critics but he is one of the reasons why the scoreline stayed the same. Sokratis was shit instead
Ted, we all can read the transcript , you just lied twice in this tweet. You and Adam are such full of Schiff
So yesterday I made a post talking about "tomorrow is a new month." I have been a whole day off! My bad! It still applies though!! ⠀ ⠀ This picture I took from the Keller-Williams office. It means so many things on… https://www.instagram.com/p/B3De-KLFthJ/?igshid=1se3180sz0vc1 …
Still no comment on the ad. Oops and awkward, to coin a phrase.
Spencer has shit on just about every white nationalist public figure besides you guys (TRS) and the fucking Golden One. He even blocked Woes. I'm just saying. If not getting along in public is a charge to be allowed then you almost have to mention Richard.
#latergram Listen, I’m not in the ole pumpkin spirit. But that didn’t stop #elijahthelion & Hubby from going together Sunday to get a few things to kickstart their decorating. That’s why it was hot as heck and they…
I've got the,early alarm system in case anyone tries to sneak up on us
Hate when work gets in the way of Twitter #MMATwitter
Burfict from the Raiders just got suspended for the rest of the season for a hit weigh less than this
This could be hawked around by hackers - as she fears. Or it could just conveniently disappear with all the information and data from that time. Sorry officer, someone stole my homework
god i just spent so long watching the house tht jack built and i Did Not Like It
The establishment dems have sold out. They are the deep state, and all the terrible things that come with it. They now defend cia corruption. They have let their hatred for one man remove all integrity they had.
i cant like ateez, one of the members has a name thats like one letter off my close friend's name and idk if i can get used to that--
Rise was tolerable for it, and by no means is a bad game, but distinct areas stand out for me in the original reboot, whereas no locations spring to mind when I think of Rise.
#recovery is #ugly at times, #uncomfortable, and feels quite un-natural after multiple #traumas... you'll never have to be #alone unless you isolate, I think. You may have to fight to find your people, but you don't have to make the journey alone. Healing with Da-dogo. #cptsd
“Violence does, in truth, recoil upon the violent, and the schemer falls into the pit which he digs for another.”
they're doing different here in Africa,if what they're doing to me here in kenya is anything to go http://by.here they're manipulating poverty&ensuring we spend money that goes to companies owned by western firms,all the while increasing the cost of services/goods
He didn't have to press charges. The police saw scratches on his arm none on her. So the police arrested her.
Sure she was part of it or coordinated it’s writing along with the rest of the liars on the Left
The question answers the question, why are there few black role models? The whole invention of institutional working, taxes and loans is an evolution of slavery.
A lot of people are talking about all the groups that they stan that are having a comeback I only have 2 that I need to worry about and also I want this, so MONEY
THE WHISTLE BLOWER, HAS TO BE A DEMOCRAT, MEDIA IS SAYING HE IS GETTING DEATH THREATS? ISN'T HE SUPPOSE TO BE ANONYMOUS.
This shit storm will enable the true Independence day Alba Gu Bràth
I’m in the lab bitch shit ain’t no joke I been on this music shit I was just lacking
I’m such a bitch... oof but the keyboard ain’t wrong
By the way  listen to the latest PCP ep 1:34:17 No hard feelings of you not retweeting Mr 911, I also found it edgy myself and deleted it later that day. If you still want the image for any reason let me know.
First speaker I'm hearing who is against opting in: A lot of things are legal that are not good for us. Alcohol, guns. ... I'm not saying marijuana is the issue but it sure can't help. ... We cannot say it's OK.
Civil war? Lol. The Evangelicals are preparing to revolt. Are they going to be the ‘new’ domestic terrorists?
Tragic, but still  where'd you get the initial info?
Sources close to BYU Basketball tell  that Gavin Baxter has suffered a torn labrum and fractured bone in his shoulder. How much time will the Cougars be without the springy sophomore? Learn more in our full report: https://www.vanquishthefoe.com/2019/9/30/20891485/sources-byu-basketball-gavin-baxter-shoulder-injury-torn-labrum-report?utm_campaign=vanquishthefoe&utm_content=chorus&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter …
Gearing up to lose again. Can’t wait to watch the 3rd time. Where’s the ?
I am outraged to find out this was a hoax. Someone needs to find out what troubles this young girl to make up such a charge, one which I had called rape-like. I pray the boys accused get counseling & school officials talk to all of the students.God help! https://www.cbsnews.com/news/girl-dreadlocks-lied-classmates-boy-virginia-hairstyle-hoax/ …
I’m usually a skeptic but I really think this thing has ballooned so fast the enablers won’t be able to stop the steamrolling
Not arguing the merits of any of this, just disagreeing with the idea that going negative on Biden is going to help anyone.
It was so creepy. Lemme know how you like it! Just get past the main character for a while. She has a terrible attitude
I wonder if the warehouse is for 2 different businesses? Still... crazy
So Santi was in my car and saw a modelo in the back seat so he said “wowwww you’re cheating on me and fucking another Mexican” so I looked him dead in the eye and said “if I was cheating on you it wouldn’t be with a Mexican” he got out the car just to go back in the house
No chance you could pass that offer my way, the only internet we can get out here is LTE based at >$100/m for 20G
Someone came up to me on a night out the other day and commented on the fact that I keep my thumb over my drink bottle at all times, why would you comment and notice it unless you were planning on trying something?? Am I going mad or is that a weird thing to comment on????
anyways that was the worst fucking thing in the world
I don't get the point of this video.  asks these people where has socialism worked and these people give him some countries and then Benny just plays clips from movies with no real retort or conversation..... this is so fucking stupid
This is a very salient point. We know it's what they do, but it's damn hard to remember from one instance to the other. Thank you, Henry.
No!!! I love it too! Strangely it was the first Chucky film I watched! I've only been into horrors for a year or so and I'm reeeeally enjoying watching all the horror films haha. I'm thinking of buying the Chucky box set
The Repo Loan Crisis, Dead Bankers, and Deutsche Bank: Timeline of Events https://wallstreetonparade.com/2019/09/the-repo-loan-crisis-dead-bankers-and-deutsche-bank-timeline-of-events/ …
Can’t give up Dead Presidents, Jackie Brown, The Fifth Element and Money Talks. It’s adios Kevin.
Why not go after Antifa for beating up old people on the street. $6 Million for Disabled Adults Who Were Punched and Spat At http://a.msn.com/01/en-us/AAI4QQH?ocid=st2 …
Can you at least cut down the respawn timer so that i could leave game early. The level 1 dude aint gonna know how to play and i don't agree that i should be there watching some noob play.
Crooklyn Dodgers close but the Southern version is 36 and Hot Boys Playa Why You Hating
That cut is the black air forces of the hispanic community, he shoulda known
Until this is done the continuous coup attempt will continue. I do believe you are shot fairly quickly in socialist countries for coup attempts and treason,
Thanks, he made a mistake, but the people who who suffer in this are the players & fans. If he's had that many businesses go bust then he's not going to be bothered, it's just another one to him.
China, Russia and Iran just fine with little  and  impeding our President and endangering the USA, 3 years now.  California man accused of being a spy for China - CBS Newshttps://www.cbsnews.com/video/california-man-accused-of-being-a-spy-for-china/ …
HYPOCRITES CRIMINALS DEHUMANIZING BULLYING IGNOREING CORRUPTION àddress lack of accountability for the governor's office and state of Nevada government and the refuseal of health and mental health and dehumanizing bullying ignoring 8 YEARS
Hey Bernie tell me one person that was employed by a poor person . Do you expect a janitor to be paid the same amount as the owner who puts all his money out to start a business, makes all the strategy moves and pays employees!!! Are you nuts !
i still remember being blown away by that pharmercy flank on attacking eichenwalde. oh the good old days
no olive garden in the uk and from what I’ve heard I’m not missing out on much
Making Mike watch Ghost for the first time and now he’s gonna understand why I say “This is the part of Ghost with the clay!!!” Anytime we hear Unchained Melody
PLUS: IMPACT moves to Tuesdays at the end of the month, NWA has a studio show debuting next week, Beyond Uncharted Territory every Thursday and I’m ALSO probably missing something.
Face it, you perjured yourself with the lie in your opening statement. Once you've been discredited, everything else is irrelevant. Oh, and it's a Republic you despot.
What is wrong with you? Did the aliens really sexually assault you like in Independence Day?
You're not bad for laughing at it but people will try and suggest you're bad for laughing at it and that's the real problem not people laughing at dwarf jokes.
Micro battle royales are the new C-level market inefficiency.
Battle of the Blockers: Between Nigerian Rapper, Zlatan Ibile and a fan on IG - https://risingvibes.com.ng/?p=14360
Shaka’s authority seems terrifying honestly. He even forbid all 40,000 of them from marrying until they were out of the army. #auburnworldhistory
Make the raw logo huge and remove the usa network logo that makes it look so bad
It's brings tears to the eyes because we consider Cow as the anchor of our civilization ,dosha in the meat which is an industry in the West is a cause of lots of epidemics Cancer is just one of them. Vegetarianism for us and will be as important as praying to our gods ॐ
Oog… lunch was a mistake. Feels like I’ve been stabbed in the gut.
The money to be made denying analgesia is a many-headed hydra...& either way you turn, #BigPharma & #BigGovernment wins. We're just collateral damage. Elitists make their coin while we die & people with #addiction don't get what they need either! #LoseLose for us, #WinWin 4 them.
And two weeks from now you’ll hear people in the hospital complaining that there aren’t enough house officers. Kmt.
It shouldn't be so bad once the matchmaking starts putting you against the right skill level though, but until then it may be a real slog
The irony of scandalous information slowly coming out from a 'private server' is karma to the 100000000th power #ImpeachTrumpPenceBarr #ImpeachTrumpNow #SecretServer #TrumpCorruption
Boss up and change your life You can have it all, no sacrifice I know he did you wrong, we can make it right So go and let it all hang out tonight 'Cause he don't love you anymore So walk your fine ass out the door — listening to Lizzo
I changed my diet, high protein low carbs, and started working outside, hard. I was sore and hurting for a reason. I lost 70 pds and the meds work better now. The more active you can stay, even if it hurts, the better you'll feel. Smoke weed instead of beer or you'll get fat.
just remembered that time nardwuar went to joji’s concert and we never got the interview. feeling ##broken
I'd rather the crowd chant player or team's name rather than stupid USA chant imo.
Won't matter. Who can afford to retire with prices as they are? Everything costs more, more, more under the Liberals. Only the #PPC has a plan to lower taxes and food prices for all Canadians.
The spaffing, no surrender, people's hedge fund PM.
this stupid bitch elbowed the back of my head during a game now im dizzy
Nixon literally continued the Vietnam war for five years intentionally just to spite his opponent in the election. His tactic for winning it was to make Vietnam think he was mad enough to attack them with nukes. Trump's an idiot. Nixon was straight up diabolical.
You needed WiFi to tweet that since u passed ur data limit for the day :(
Hannity is neck-deep in the trump global criminal enterprise. I am not sure he has the instinct or ability to distinguish between right and wrong. If what is happening doesn't tell you that all crimes will be uncovered, you are in for an October surprise.
You say "Collusion", I say "Conspiracy" You say "Conspiracy", I say "Collusion" Collusion, Conspiracy, Conspiracy, Collusion Let's call the whole Trump off!
tbqh your point was a lot stronger before the kink shaming A lot of committed feminists I know are into violent rape porn because they're submissives
My place is: no longer in the pack if u keep blowing up my phone while I tru to eat the kimchi my mom brought home for me
Oh sorry you throught i meant electric chair. I mean the rocket shairs from idv that yeet you up into space where you die cold and alone
dont let tekashi situation distract you from the fact that meek wrote police report about game.
I am at this state of exhaustion right now I don’t know if I should power through it and hit the gym for an hour of cardio or give in and do nothing then sleep
Strange, I hope you're right and wrong at the same time. He needs to be escorted out of the White House in cuffs.
At least they're still in San Diego, it's not like the Chargers had anything but dust in the trophy case
I’d say all fundraisers are the worst things ever. But there definitely is a special circle of hell reserved for people that make elementary school kids do them.
Last time I checked a bunch of liars are soon going to jail and hopefully your sorry self leads the way .
I always thought this because the 4K TVs look realer than real life. It was weird looking at them. For me at least.
Uma vida baseada em ficar na ligação com a amiga, e marcar ela em tudo no twitter...
Dusty versus the iconic's it's a much more difficult decision that you would naturally think.
Betrayed the country. You abused the office , you will be impeached #AbuseOfPower #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachmentIsComing
None of the grants have gone to Labor-held electorates
I made it through ever obstacle in my life and im not gone ever stop pushing to be the man i know i can be!
Y'know what you're right! I just looked it up and found he did apologize for their failings. Didn't really call it what it was, but he said the word sorry. Then proceed to cut funds, and try to take the treaty money back, and allowed developers to build on indigenous land.
I'm so sorry. He's a beautiful golden retriever. The pain is still so hard. My dog passed away on September 13th, I was a wreck for days. There's still sometimes when I expect to see my dog and then I remember he's not there. All I have left are memories and pictures
Eating that KFC undoubtedly in the top 5 worst decisions of my life
Or I will be stuck eating the leftovers *all week* - There is no in-between!
What are they going to do if we publish the transcript? Russia is not going to dictate US what to do. Gen. Patton was right, they should have finished off Stalin right after beating Germany. We wouldn’t have had Cold War with Soviets for the past 60 years.
    Reminder to our country's GOP it will not matter what you have done in the past.1 yr or 50 years of service tobthe US, how you handle this moment in our country's stand for Democracy will forever define you in history!
I just made eye contact with this guy now we stuck on the side of each other this shit creepy
Y’all have been going crazy with the porn on the TL
Demon Goat Man of the Pope Lick Trestle - Louisville, KY - Haunted Travels. https://youtu.be/uY6Xs2nWbOk
Sorry man, just sick of small-minded people attacking my guy...didn’t see the sarcasm.
Seriousness depends on what side of the fence, the answerer is on. Not serious to me. To the Bidens, its gravely serious! To Trump, it's just a day at the office......
Losing support of their party or their 2020 elections ≠ death threats and stochastic terrorism from the POTUS. False equivalencies all around those nice white lady “badasses.”
i have no reason to be sad. i attend the greatest university on earth
There are SO many variations what the hell anyways im The Young Volunteer
Don’t offer me food then ask me for money. No bitch ask for the money first then I’ll let you know if I want the food
Its insane. The AG is investigating corruption in the FBI and Washington, and this is wrong? But investigating Trump for no reason is perfectly fine?
With the current events in nUSA, there is most likely going to be a recreation of the October Revolution. Someone is going to be pissed by benda or someone else, and take the presidency with Lenin's methods. Keep my prediction in mind.
I’m sorry but she’s scary looking now. All that surgery gonna turn her to the next lil Kim
That's not a fucking trap dude, it's a shit argument and I just told you why it's not even remotely the same.
& it’s crazy because Leos & Scorpios are literally the top 2 most hated signs too.
”81% of Latino voters in Tx are concerned about racism-motivated gun violence, and that the Latino community might be targeted again in attacks similar to the mass shooting in El Paso” #DoSomething #HowManyMoreDeathshttps://www.houstonpublicmedia.org/articles/news/2019/09/27/347475/most-texas-latino-voters-fear-gun-violence-driven-by-racism-according-to-poll/ …
kalo misalnya chaos, rancangan undang2 aneh dan demo2 ini ternyata tujuannya masih terkait tentang pilpres serta melibatkan 2 kubu yg itu2 aja, gimana hayo loh? ga kebayang power org2 yg ada dibalik semuanya, takut bet. kalian harus nonton the politiciannya netflix dah...
she really posted this for the world to see how nasty she is
Andrew should interview  in a studio format where he can maintain a 2 way dialogue. He should seize the day & ask David the questions Canadians want to hear, about extremism etc. Unlike the disastrous traps he has fallen into with  over the past years.
My favorite quote from today's  Jacquard launch: "I’m waiting for it to be not 90 degrees outside so I can actually use the jacket in the real-world." My bad
The Assasination Genie is not one that Trump should summon from the lamp (and Trump would if he thought the lamp would emit CO2). Remember the guy who took on the Dallas PD, he was just fed up with boondock PDs killing brothers. I don't sympathize or condone. I just predict.
This is so awful. What is wrong with these people. This woman deserves respect. Good job parents on raising the social retards in this video
Hours early, granted, cannot wait. What better way to enthusiastically welcome my *favorite* Season in  ? By Necro(mancing) a Dead Meme, with my (un)trademarkable “Vulture Collage” style? In Boston, we call it “Octobah” “We will fight them in the shade.” #Darkovia
Sawbones, Shmanners, My Favorite Murder, The Adventure Zone, My Brother My Brother and Me, Mysterious Universe, Serial, S-Town, Someone Knows Something, Uncover
Enough of this shit! They are doing the bidding of a crazy man.
there could’ve been so much potential who the hell is in charge
What about those who don't have opportunities to make their week work for them. I have what it takes but, no job at the moment.
Automatic weapons are banned in Canada but assault style weapons like the AR 15 is not but it should be!! As a Canadian citizen I don’t believe that any Canadian should be allowed to own these type of firearms
‘Gate’ is the problem. It implies some equivalence; that we’ve ‘been here before’. This situation is uncharted territory, and therefore demands a whole new vernacular.
Right. This is why these laws are bad. They give criminals an out for committing murder. And when the vicim is dead and there are no witnesses, there is no way to hold them accountable.
Biden did do the thing he accused Trump of doing. Threatening to withhold loan guarantees for a demand of action which favored his son's company. Actually it's worse.
JUST IN: It is unclear whether or not the suspect left with any cash. https://www.wric.com/news/crime/petersburg-police-looking-for-wells-fargo-robbery-suspect/ …
#California is suffering today after fatal shooting. #POTUS, stop the bloodshed. #BackfireTrump
Me (watching horror movie): run the other way! the other waaaay Also me (extremely tired): staying up another hour is probably on some level actually good for me
 made this claim first,  then he made the claim.  doesn’t know the laws. He listens to nonsense and then spouts off at the mouth because he’s the #IdiotInChief
Hey Dems,give the Republicans a way out! 254 outnumber 1. Solidarity is the only defense for them.They'll still have pence in WH, BUT, they must have cover politically for their own reelection.Start saying there can be no advancement of GOP agenda w/o removal.
According to http://wws.shadowstats.com , the real under(involuntary) & unemployment rate of able bodied working age adults is about 22%. I would guess they're part of that stat. If the cost of daycare, work expenses, etc, is more than you can make (net), it makes sense to stay home.
 Ask a biased question...get a biased answer. Q: “to reduce the risk of an outbreak a bill has been proposed…Do you favor/oppose this bill?” MarketResearch101: never use leading, loaded, double barreled questions.  should know better https://tinyurl.com/UCBdata
So y’all telling me a push off is not a PI... really y’all gone blame the refs for missing that when we got dam near 10 holding calls
A poem: Last night, as I lay minding my business A bug - and I shit thou not - Very casually f A L L S From the ceiling Onto My fucking face. I will never be the same thank you
caught this fucker in bed with my wife recently miscarried, its a hard time so do you have any shoes that are the same size
The Republicans had a 55-45 majority in the Senate when Clinton's impeachment trial occurred, and they couldn't even cobble a simple majority to convict him on any of the charges. 10 Republicans defected to "not guilty" on the perjury charge, while 5 defected on the obstruction.
"Your purpose, then, plainly stated, is that you will destroy the Government, unless you be allowed to construe and enforce the Constitution as you please, on all points in dispute between you and us. You will rule or ruin in all events." Abraham Lincoln to Southern Democrats
You know what else is untouchable? The floor in your room at your mom's house. It is piled too high with crusty cumsocks. Rage on, brave patriot hero, rage on.
"Cause you're a sky, 'cause you're a sky full of stars I wanna die in your arms 'Cause you get lighter the more it gets dark I'm gonna give you my heart" - Sky full of stars. shanesgraphics246 what you…
Kind of the same thing... Plenty of citizens blindly follow parties, it's nothing new. But the Dems are historically the worst at acting like their going to do shit for Black people and simply don't.
I WILL max rank everyone in the thieves and Sojiro this time
It's a very simple way to show the arc of the military career of Benedict Arnold. Once a top general of Washington's, and now, fleeing to the British, guilty of treason. [Ergo let's paint Washington with the same brush, Mr. Dupree?]
  I'm pretty content with a draw. Not the best performance but . Is Pepe's form due to Emery's reluctance to actually have possession? Does he need more touches and more time on the ball to feel comfortable in games, or is it just a bad patch that'll pass?
I can’t believe I really considered fishing a bag of EXPIRED spinach out of the trash, I’ve reached a new low
My daughter does the same thing! She purposely pulls away so she can watch the milk spray out idk if anything can stop it
In 1999 Bill Clinton signed a treaty with Ukraine signed by the Democrat president on mutual legal assistance on criminal matters. The treaty establishes a range of cooperation between the two governments about making testimony available, about making people available So there!
⠀ ⠀ opportune lunch arose, it didn’t hesitate to bring the feminine pirate, along with the trio of blades. ⠀ ⠀ She was so damn reckless. ⠀ ⠀
You don’t know what the hell youre talking about, do you? How sad.
Impeachment Day 7: A Scared President Plays the Fear Card https://wordsanddeedsblog.com/impeachment-day-7-a-scared-president-plays-the-fear-card/ … via
Of course the guests aren’t gonna have their phones out during the ceremony, that would be so disrespectful. We will however be getting reception content! So give them a minute y’all damn
What I wish I'd been drinking at lunch today! Back to the grind. No more #florida and no more #ninc2019. Instead plenty of #amediting #ameditingromance https://ift.tt/2ndIQoh
Not sure who is doing more damage these days. Governor Newsome in CA goes to the top of the list . This nonsense he signed into law letting college athletes cut their own endorsement deals. These are students...
Scary that this Village Idiot could become Speaker if Republicans took the House. Stupid isn’t even an accurate description of McCarthy.
While I am not aware of the possible offense here (maybe Obstruction of Justice if he is interfering with a legit investigation?), doesn’t it seem strange that the head of the DOJ is going overseas to find info to discredit our own intel agencies? Something smells rotten here!
The lbgTq+ (notice the T is CAPITALIZED) movement is going after our children. They are indoctrinating our community to soften the blow for pedophilia.
A pardon in exchange for resignation just opens the door for future abuse. What the hell is to stop the next one from that revolving door? No. No way! Justice must be served.
'Not appropriate ethical conduct"? "The continuation of the pres. acting out of control and doing things that are not presidential"? Can you hear the words you're saying? Why do YOU continue to support this unethical, out of control, unpresidential president?
Ma'am??? do you know what she is??? A professional troll.. who wakes up every morning thinking, who cam I piss off today to make the headlines.. and a total fascist as well..
All I'm interested in is massive arrests, stink filth decade long criminally insane enemies of state shock and awe to drop the folk's jaws, crisp reality checks, dungeons filled, poorly groomed psychopaths/sociopaths destroyed like the common treasonous thugs they actually are
34 people from various companies. But as someone who knows firsthand when the Federal Govt charges u w/a crime it’s better to just plea guilty & take the offer. Otherwise u will sit in jail forever spend fortunes trying to fight your innocence. Do that is Not a good example.
Another rotten-to-the-core unfit for purpose institution. There's a cultural & political tsunami coming & there's an awful lot of filth & detritus that'll be swept away.
Anti-gun Democrat has no response when asked who the defenseless should rely on to protect them - https://noqreport.com/2019/09/30/anti-gun-democrat-no-response-asked-defenseless-rely-protect/ …
Are you really that stupid or are you okay with a president or presidential candidate asking foreign governments for help winning an election? If the former, sort to hear that. If the latter, that’s disgusting as hell. Move to Russia where you belong.
 Why does Jeff Flake and others with principles "not like the president", without reason? No. There's plenty of reason to not like this president, not the least of which is his insistence on demeaning others and speculating about executing the.
William Perry Pendley supports the wholesale transfer of #publiclands + the #Trump Admin’s myopic & wrong “ #energy dominance” agenda. This renewal of his “acting” title without a Senate confirmation process is unacceptable. https://www.npr.org/2019/09/30/765834574/contract-extended-for-acting-head-of-bureau-of-land-management … #publiclands #BLM
So does this. I guess trump, Ivanka, Don Jr and Eric aren't the only traitors.. Impeachment is certain and so is prison. Buckle up Buttercup you're going down.
The law in this house sucks. My sisters get in trouble and my mom doesn’t do anything at all but get annoyed that the principal called her. If I got in trouble everything would be taken away from me, they would yell and my dad would whoop my ass. How is this fair??
And all of the strapping men taking videos instead of helping- disgusting
These are the people who know you belong in prison... You should be hanging your head in shame... We'll see you at your sentencing!
That's a long answer. For one thing:  treated SW fans who didn't like TLJ like crap. Labeled us all sorts of ists. It's something fans have been talking about ever since it started. Why reward that by buying a ticket to the next chapter? (1/?)
It’s never a good sign to visit your classroom after a day of admin duty to hear your sub telling you that your class is TERRIBLE. The sad thing? She was telling the truth. Lol.
Part 2. I laughed my ass off and cry at the same time at how ridiculous you assholes are. You would destroy the USA and its economy to create some kind of fantasy fiction environment with the very things you claim need to be eliminated oh. You would also need them to maintain it
JUST ANOTHER WITCH HUNT, THIS WILL OPEN THE DOOR TO INVESTIGATE PEDOPHILIA JOE AND HIS SON.
People won't stop making threats because, for many of them, she's thwarting the will of the people. And, many people are willing to do/condone illegal behaviour if it suits their agenda. There are those who applaud illegal leaks out of Number 10 or the White House.
Will the first question ever be answered? I see no answer to either question forthcoming in my lifetime.
Shepard hate the president shows on his anger face Tucker isn't a bias
The inbound Edens (I-94) is BLOCKED from Skokie Rd to Lake Ave with a crash. Traffic is solid back to Tower. http://sigalert.com #CHItraffic
My ambition was to get Civilized to Death in print before the end of the world. It comes out tomorrow. Looks like I just made it!
If this bitch know everything why she didn’t pass the first time?! LET THE TEACHER DO WHAT SHE GETS PAID TO DO!!!
I agree with the students! & ,at the same time the DEMS in Congress are making sure that the cost of illegal immigration cancels out any gains TRUMP is making with the Constitutionally aauthorized import tariffs. Bankrupt the Country if they cant get rid of TRUMP.That's the goal
"I initially attempted to dismantle the all-beef wieners using the smallest side of a box grater, which was viscerally upsetting." No One Wants My Hot Dog Salad: https://gizmodo.com/no-one-wants-my-hot-dog-salad-1838630487 … via
Oh you can make the joke but we can’t? I see you. also, TOMORROW’S OCTOBER. What’s wrong with you  ?
Get in loser we're sequestering carbon and the fucking papaya tree in our compost heap is intentional
easy two bars + fatal blow shang tsung 50% dmg with the new variation #MK11_TSU #MK11 #PS4share
Find the one habit you want to change most and STOP DOING IT
Listen to this nonsense! Barr et. al. Will probably “lower the boom” SOON! Here come the judge!!!
Nothing like those 6 days a year, got 3 massive ones left going to savor the heck outta them
Dude, I’ve literally read the bill and Bernie has said. You’re really arguing “sure it’s fully written in the bill, but it isn’t implemented so you don’t know” Niko is a smearer and liar and ignorant so you might as well discard every tweet by him. You’re arguing semantics
Yeah I think it’s reported as sept 2020. That’s the old contract, any clue if a new one was signed? I thought they passed in crazy money.
AG BARR s/b Arrested for his Corrupt Secret activities w/Foriegn Govts. to Discredit Our Intelligence Depts., lying to Congress & for Dereliction of Duty by Acting as trumps personal atty & not We the Peoples.
Fuuuuck no on the scary movie. and i heard sextuplets wasnt good
I FORGOT GUANLIN AND SEONHO COVERED TROUBLE MAKER IN THE PRODUCE AUDITION CLIP THINGY eYE-
states and file a complaint against the thieves of the people without services or salaries. They deliberately procrastinate the dialogue.
Story time! They won’t always be in succession but this next podcast picks up right after the car wreck story I posted last week. It’s a crazy one! https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/stories-with-cory/id1481136271 …
Gn mutuals the amount of the people that say it back is the amount of days I’ll stop hating on Einstein
This is worse than the previous RAW stage. Does WWE even put effort into their product?
 I was going to switch back to Vue from Sling but now that YouTube TV is on the Fire TV Stick I am switching to them because they have  and I want to be able to watch that channel live(something The CW app won’t let me do). I will miss Vue.
Rosh Hohanna my ass. Eagles traded McNabb the Day He Rose. #firekapler
Literally the second time in just this game alone this has happened.
DO NOT OPEN THIS IF IT COMES UP ON YOUR PAGE: BIG SCAM: Thank you for your participation, we have the following products today: Tuesday, October 1, 2019. You may choose only (1) product from the list below. ... Samsung...
The whistleblower is an imaginary person in Adam Schitt’s evil brain!
I never felt like I was “in love” or sexually attracted to people the way other people would describe their relationships, and since I lacked the language to explain my desires, I felt shame for not having those experiences. http://theasexual.com/article/2019/9/26/leaving-manhood …
10. Who do you think has the weirdest secret hobby?
last year we were 11th and 8th.. what’s the issue ? :/
The more you restrict them from things the more their going to sneak and do them anyway..
What's the emergency? Its Montana #assholepoliticians
This strikes me as a little surreal given that the entire point of this has been debunked.
Doctors told me I'd be shitting myself immediately after meals. Tweeting this from the bathroom.
Prayers for #BOB the “Airplanes” rapper appears troubled in IG rant
She sang at the funeral of former first lady Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis. As well as Ronald Reagan’s inauguration, Bill Clinton’s inauguration and the 1996 Summer Olympics.
Yet you creamed in your pants when you were talking to David Miliband on your show (who failed the Labour leadership contest), begging him to return to British Poitics. Why would he want to when he is earning approx £1m annually from the charity. You are biased. Fact mate!!
Abuse of power is changing the whistleblower form and using "the new director came in and found the form has been misleading the whole time so they decided to changed it (just in the nick of time!) so people wouldn't get the wrong impression" excuse. It is so transparent.
Not one of them has the courage or integrity to stand up to our childish, bully, mob-clown of a president to do the right thing for our country. All spineless. I hope that one day they will be asked to look back on this day and explain why they acted so cowardly.
Sure did ignore all of the obnoxious noise here today
A bunch of literal cowards, in every disgusting sense of the word!
By showing how nonsensical poor logic/ arguments are when it comes to the models? Quite the contrary
Foucault based Postmodernism in a nutshell: No more objectivity, not even math. Instead everything now is 2+2="who has the most power in the room? If they're white and/or male, they're automatically wrong (and oppressive) even if they answer 4."
Cops stopped then chased this guy because he "looked suspicious." They (probably unlawfully) initiated and escalated the encounter before ultimately killing the civilian and their fellow cop. This was entirely their fault.
drop a bag on a radio deal and drop the music video within a month
lagu favorit lo apa? — currently obsessed with dean lewis-for the last time https://lap78.ask.fm/igoto/45DKECPW7B667HQMHN2IG6NM6KADHKYWQP76DG77D7SLNZN62UYY2Z2KE5H46SZTKK376HYIJQUH4DB7YEV7M2VONS5LPBQLUIORJE2YHVWSCKGPBOHXYPXKSC27R6LPZSSYKHIQ2XMH7EMWBOBB6QK46PGHLYM4ZDPVJMTRQSO2OPPSIUYFB5HK5NNIJ4H3TI43KFDU4EKQ==== …
"Do you work here?" "I'm Primo, sir. I've been here for 11 years." "Well goddamn Bruce, get the man some pyro."
I also will not allow the media to tell me what to think when I can read the transcripts and whistleblower complaint myself.
Two Alleged Child Rapists on the Run After Local Jails Refuse To Hold Them for ICE https://www.westernjournal.com/two-alleged-child-rapists-run-local-jails-refuse-hold-ice/?utm_source=facebook&utm_medium=thenewvoice …
The mysterious lag match. Even when not stuttering it felt so much worse I started dropping hit confirms. Bleh.
Maybe the note was just a genuine oversight , or maybe because the assumption of the author of the note was that everyone knows 6 million Jews were killed but not everyone doesn't know that many others were also killed by the Nazi's . In any event the weblink mentioned does.
 How many times have you broken the world in pokemon?
Wish I could say the same thing but my mom is a bitch who abandoned us at a young age. So fuck that Puta!!! Lol
Christmas is near. It's just sad to think that we are not going to celebrate Christmas with you. It's been four months since you died but the pain in our hearts is still here. Time flies and every minute we think…
It blinded the media and the old school politician. They also stood up for Kavanaugh. The restof us? Not so much. Historians have been screaming this for three years
Anyone else notice the kid wearing Nike socks ? Thought MAGA supporters were boycotting ? sad!
There are many YT channels which consists of 'Co-run' propagation in English. So the main purpose of this 3 idiots channel is to brew hate towards Kafir countries. Bumper making time to few of our countrymen who are currently jobless.
Safety in the spotlight after one killed three injured in two separate ATV accidents this weekend. https://www.katc.com/safety-in-the-spotlight-after-one-killed-three-injured-in-two-separate-atv-accidents-this-weekend …
1. Slow, out of ideas, no desire, no skill, no movement. Dan James, Axel and McTominay were the only players who actually looked up for it tonight. Lingard has had too many games now without doing anything, time for a change. Rashford is not a striker, he has no confidence..
Mr. Matt is sounding more like a die-hard progressive or worse a socialist hack pushing anti-Trump hate...... Notice that more & more of the DRUGE so-called report is BS!!!
screaming about women being mean to me to own the libs
Propaganda is a long standing word and most should study the years of how the media takes a hold of ones thought process (subliminal suggestion) ~ very sad because even the really smart people don't know they're being...
Went on my lunch break to get my clothes for the gym so I can go right after work and now I just realized I forgot my damn shoes!! I’m so annoyed with myself!
.Actually if I had to make the decision, I would ban him forever. #BeDonewithHim #NFL needs to grow some balls
I read up on the situation, apparently he killed several people and raped 3 women.
#RaiderNation feels for you guys! The League has always stuck it to the . It’s a damn shame really. They make the Raiders travel more than most other teams every year and give us the toughest schedule as well. Burfict’s hit wasn’t as bad as others but he gets suspended.
I am not sure how proud I am to say I bought it the second it came out
The crazy part is I was trying to back away from him completely, but the game sucked me into him and caused me to "foul"
That would piss me off too! It's a basic right for anyone with a clean record. Florida is a stand your ground state. So we have the right to defend ourselves if we are in fear of our life. Whether at home or anywhere CW carry is allowed.
I willing to side with the Catholic for this one time and fight science for this action
Lmaooo same cause sometimes people husbands be falling out the sky
Imma say this every day: depression is ghetto! How the fuck can you be happy and joyful one moment and then bam: You're suddenly like fuck everything and everyone, without anything/one triggering you to think such things? It's weird and GHETTO!
>Skilled surgeon >Volunteered at a nursing home Yeah true >Mentally abused many people in the nursing home to suicide >Engages in horrifically terrible malpractice >Cut up a dude >Records folks dying horribly Yeah lovely fella Cioccolatta is.
this is the second time ive missed his live fgs  pls fix ur problem i didnt get one single notification
Fuck LOTE voting. Are you familiar with the Green Party currently? They are also in the middle of a primary season. Currently the two main candidates are  and . Jill Stein has publicly said she would not be running for the nomination.
there was just a fire drill  everyone had to evacuate and go to the field
Is Mrs Kinnock the Tax Scandal Danish PM going to stand for Batley & Spen? | Facebook The comments at the bottom of the page aren't the friendliest. Thorning Schmidt not popular. https://en-gb.facebook.com/notes/nye-bevan-news/is-mrs-kinnock-the-tax-scandal-danish-pm-going-to-stand-for-batley-spen/1793569714190293/ …
The whole White House should get vaccinated for treason if you ask me. I heard that stuff is worse than the bird flu
Perhaps you would expect them to be charged with Forgery in the 2nd degree for producing a fake written government instrument to defraud the City and its taxpayers for free parking?
I wanna complain about how much I want cuddles but the right to do that has been revoked
Both failing so far. The strongest tropical storm on record was in 1979.
Richard how is this happening? Your government is hamstrung and corrupted from within. No wonder Germany is the leader of the free world. They owned their mistakes and learned from their civil war.
I’m so fucking tired of weed being illegal, and not because of possible interaction with the police. There are too many “drug dealers” that don’t understand the concept. I just wanna go to a fucking dispensary.
The Steelers better fucking play FOOTBALL ! I fuck around and bomb some shit up tonight !
that scene of everyone walking to "you're the voice" in hot rod but it's the losers going to fight pennywise
Stop saying my phone bill is mixed w/ Charis it shouldnt be she just a cousin stop trying to have the same leway as my fiancee or spouses it will not ever happen & I am not changing how I am w/ somebody and hell no once they cheat the mother fucker they cheat with is responsible
You can fight a toddler to potty train or let them do it. Either way they’ll be fully potty trained by 4 years old. The stress level is up to you while most of the men I meet these days act like they’re two, they’re still potty trained. Unless your Chad and crap your pants #BIp
Can it get cold? I’m tired of paying the electric bill w A/C jacking it
Wtf that guy come from anyway? Whole episode, everybody like "who the fuck is this guy?" Oh and Kesha think she Scarface now. — watching Power
Drove around for way too long to find parking and the parking ban hasn’t even started yet
The difference: I’m out here saying people have the right to control their own bodies, and calling out shamers. You’re out here shaming women for taking control of their bodies and lives. Girl, that’s sexist and just downright totalitarian and wrong.
Gun control begins with the wielder. Only when the wielder is irresponsible does it become a danger to everyone.
My first paper on a wheat NLR & collaboration with Jorge Dubcovsky. Nicotiana can be used to dissect cell death signaling by the Sr35 CNL. The result of Stephen Bolus' hard work. https://apsjournals.apsnet.org/doi/abs/10.1094/MPMI-08-19-0216-R#.XZKTrlX8X8I.twitter …
This man Tony Santoyo online with a Miltank and the move set is stressful to play against Stealth Rock, Body Slam, Toxic and Milk Drink Max HP Max Defense, Impish And yes, he’s an Aquarius
It happened just as I finished the WUP stand up comedy etiquette clip! Bummer. How can I PM you?
That’s a stupid rule meant to Benefit offensive players... For example: if a ball carrier lowers his helmet into a defenders helmet he doesn’t get a flag but a defensive player might depending on the refs.
 is sending me shit about Luke in my CC: fucking STOP. HE is the one who ended things. And yes, I KNOW damn well that he deserves better than me, but calling me a whore and saying that I was cheating on him?? Uncalled for. I loved him with my whole heart until--
If illegal immigration was the threat that POTUS says it is, he'd have more than a handful of horror stories to recite over & over again.
Literally haven’t had a friend request on fb in 6 months,, but for some reason in like the past week I’ve had 15 wtf
I hate stepping into the shower thinking the water is gonna be warm but I actually enter the antarctic waters
What to do if you are stopped by the police in Japan https://japantoday.com/category/features/lifestyle/What-to-do-if-you-are-stopped-by-the-police-in-Japan#.XZKU6p-2HpY.twitter …
Some of these tweets make me think how do you all survive in the real world? To many fake, and sensitive people. Lawl
Avenge me for the times he murdered me in PWG all those years ago.
i just bought IRL m&g bc they lowkey got me i cant wait to hug chance and drew oh my gawd another boyband that’s gonna ruin my life whatever look the other way
Let Christ's Shadow Fall on the World So Cruelly Crushed by Abortion Rachels Vineyard Healing from the #UnChoice https://christsfaithfulwitness.blogspot.co.at/2018/05/let-christs-shadow-fall-on-world-so.html#.WvcDDC97FMM … #abortionregret
because if she does , he has the right to .... oh , she can't even bring herself to say it aloud it's too horrifying . get her some paper .
you don't gotta be the name you were given if you don't want
Good one! Sewing deliberate misunderstanding through their propaganda arm! Rush, the Newt, Ayn Rand, Franklin Graham, Phyllis Schlafly, the Falwell clan, the Koch brothers, ALEC, the CNP...erg, this list is hella long.
Yep! They are very disturbing to say the least. They should be in Gitmo.
 I lost my innocence at 8 year's old as young as those babies are in some of those reports.Blind and deaf kid's in the system would never see what was come.They don't need a Princess but a #warrior to fight for them.I ask to be assigned to prosecute. ,
RT : Hey guys, we are building the ultimate #WorldsCollidePlaylist and we want to know what WTofficial and Ev songs you would add? Drop them below! #MusicMonday
No no no I can swim from point A to B. If I stop at any point that becomes the problem
I don't usually care much about people's incorrect opinions of me....but sometimes they act on them. And then ignoring the consequences is impossible. I sometimes wonder how they'd feel if they knew the truth...
Everyone wants to talk about dirty hits or helmet to helmet but no one want to show the full-speed replay. Everything looks avoidable in slow motion...
 is just so lousy at this reporting thing. Kinda like  bad at the opinion thing.
How's the brain damage treating you, ? I hear the Grifter Cortex was unharmed.
I don't think they believe this conspiracy; they simply want to muddy the waters with a narrative that is beneficial to them with the intent of influencing the 2020 election. Their intent is malicious.
Because the last 150 years had been man made. And we need to fix the problem. Please do some real research.
I don’t know what it’s like now. But I did medical school n residency in the 80s n it was some rough, mean ass shit! #medtwitter
Why don't China put tariffs on all trump products made there? That would make trump think twice about ruining everyone else with tariffs. Most of the shitty trump families products are made in China right?
Jimmy, was it an unnamed aide?! Jimmy IS the ENEMY
She started gettin jealous sayin jack’s got to go, He just wouldn’t leave so my girl hit the road
Word. Right there w you. Yes the countdown to my depressive episode (w full anxiety issues) is only a matter of time. Just not sure when.
I CANT WHEN IM LITERALLY ABOUT TO ASCEND TO THE HEAVEN BECAUSE OF YOU AND YO CLOWNIN BULLSHIT
Okay, no tengo empatia por no estar de acuerdo por los destrozos que hacen en las marchas, cual marcha sea últimamente tienen esa costumbre de rayas, quemas o destruía. Esa empatia deberían tener los pro dueños de los locales que salen dañados.
"I didn't do shit, you fucking moron! I barely talk to the brat!"
The number of farmers falling behind on loans and filing for bankruptcy has jumped since the trade dispute began in spring 2018, https://www.upi.com/Top_News/US/2019/09/30/US-farm-bankruptcies-rise-as-trade-war-drags-on/7151569609436/?rc_fifo=5 …
Wisconsin is just as bad, who the bell is eating kraft singles in a movie?!
Is the idea that he hopes to turn out the most uncommonly polled, the young, and the projected rising voting block of note, the latinx population? Cause if he's actually doing well/better among those crowds, the current polls would be kinda useless in seeing that support, no?
You asked the right guy. The hiding place - by Cory Ten Boom
Betrayal, abuse of power, breach of national security. Trump is a criminal with no conscience and no concern for the Am.ppl.
Watching two sentence horror stories and omg the home invasion one had me crying at the end so unfair
The mistakes u have done, dont define who you are. There just things you did.
Something is going on where these people crave children , send kids to war to kill and die . The Bible says this is Satans world
#Hurricane very large #Lorenzo heading towards the azores... Pressure: 957 mb, Wind Speed: 105 mph https://www.nhc.noaa.gov/text/refresh/MIATCPAT3+shtml/302031.shtml …
Don't miss out. That would be a shame. Me...I'm missing the Guru...but only for a little while.
I wish she would leave me the fuck alone. My headphones are in for a reason!!
The inbound Edens (I-94) is BLOCKED from Skokie Rd to Lake Ave with a crash. Traffic is solid back to Tower. http://sigalert.com #CHItraffic
She entered the wrong house but gets to stand her ground
Pompeo was involved as well. Pompeo has been lying and covering for Trump starting with the Khasoggi Murder. They are all done!
If they don’t find at least one underground tunnel on Oak Island by the end of the season, I’m gonna be real angry.
That is true!! The last one was insane too. I’m not ready
 I USE TO BE A NRA MEMBER I BELIEVED, UNTIL THE NRA SOLD OUT & I LEARNED THE NRA IS THE VERY REASON THERE IS ILLEGAL UNCONSTITUTIONAL ANTI 2A LAWS! They & YOU support stripping a RIGHT ! It’s not a PRIVILEGE ITS A RIGHT ! Sic semper tyrannis ! #UPYOURS
i’m not ready for the quote tweets every 5 minutes that this damn thing gets
fuck I’m already tearing up thinking about all the good Elias content we’re about to get *chefs fucking kiss*
to be discarded. Too bad your slick TV ads don't even hint at how terrible the  service can actually be. Thanks for not responding to my chat request to rectify this. Thanks for nothing.
My fuckin soul hurts. The type of hurt that drives people to just pull that.
It's the Kavanaugh playbook. Try to create the illusion that there is so much smoke, there must be fire. Except most of America will figure out this is nothing more than Media / Dems pouring water on dry ice.
The left turns everything upside down, climate change hysteria being a good example. They act as if Earth is this unique, sacred place but think of humanity as a virus and individual existence as meaningless. The truth is, humanity is what's sacred and Earth is just our cradle.
me preparando pra usar o ABIIOR do The 1975 como possível citação no enem
All those aides can rest assured that the people they work for, who were complicit in all of this and supported an obviously corrupt racist huckster, are going down with Trump. All of them.
Ha ha NOPE!.. I tried to answer that at least 5 different ways and each time it sounded worse than the one before shame they where funny & quite rude
For the record, no one is saying go out and harass people who simply work at chick fil a. People need jobs and unfortunately sometimes, jobs owned by homophobic pieces of shit are the only ones you can get. People who actively EAT at chick fil a despite knowing what they do>
The Bloodthirsty Dems Are Destroying the Constitution So They Think : 4D... https://youtu.be/xS3gQcTlSIM via
Why does anyone take the NYT seriously. They covered up the Holocaust & pushed Russian Collusion..It’s straight up propaganda.
OH, SHUT UP. You have a crazy president, who is openly asking for the Amazon Rainforest to be burned down. I will never go there, nor will I ever buy anything from there.
We can all help prevent suicide. If you or a someone you know are in crisis, call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255. For Veterans, call the US Department of Veterans Affairs crisis line at 1-800-273-8255 and press 1.
WTF, universe? Please let me know what the results are. I'll be thinking of you, and crossing my fingers and toes for good news!
Just when the day couldn’t get crazier, Team Trump raises us a Gorka
so that the food would be brought where I asked. Not on the other side of the house where I was forced to get dressed and drag my disabled body to search for it. One of the seltzers was missing, likely stolen, some of the food left in the cold for that long was inedible and had
At the gym. Listening to a book. At a sad part. Kinda crying. Weird mood.
  please please fix match making and aim assist it’s broken I can’t play zone wars or arena without getting triple headshot by little Timmy who just got his Xbox fix ur game
Lacazette and Willock. Pointing out Xhaka brings nothing to the team isn’t making an excuse. It’s an observation of Xhaka. Nobody said “Arsenal is struggling because of Xhaka”. That would be ridiculous
I remember the L.A. Riots in 1992, I'm certain no city wants that again.
But as soon as you post about voting, a random person from fucking Fredericton, New Brunswick hops in your mentions talking bout Trudeau is bad, but he's not as bad as Scheer, if you vote NDP that's a wasted vote and Scheer is gonna win.
#NowPlaying The Calling (Mk II) [i1l] - Death In June - Listen to it now at https://www.thethinwall.co.uk #synthpop #80s #radio #electropop #ebm
It’s low level on the scale of things going on right now. I guess that’s why.
Judging by the comments I’ve seen on Twitter tonight, I think one of our contestants has a clear answer #Jeopardy
A lot worse morally... well, it’s the Left that uses the monopoly of coercion the government has to force those who disagree with them to agree with them. They also use the mob threats to get people fired from their jobs, etc. so what were you saying?
Some people get too worked up over technicalities. That’s why Trump gets things done and the Democrats get petty over the little things.
 the way you handled Rick Santorum and contorting yourself to be "fair " was upsetting and hard to watch. You are not helping the viewers and I can no longer watch you . Shame on you. Allowing him to spew his nonsense unabated.
When the Drifting controls in Mario Kart Tour are so awkward that it makes my MK8 drifting tutorial from a year ago suddenly shoot up in views
IM SORRY AUTOCORRECT IS A BITCH AND IVE BEEN DOING CALC HW FOR THE LAST 2 HOURS
Man you are gaslighting to the extreme educate yourself you look ridiculous
This extrem clingy behaviour towards TF2 and this obsession of some for content creators to only cover TF2 ia such a sickening subject. If you don't like the other content: just ignore it ffs!
Bruises on my arms from my fight with the fucking elevator doors at work trying to get everything on it at the end of the night.
So I think the analogy of what's going on with the Idiot in the Whitehouse is an onion: There are a lot of layers to peel through, it stinks the whole way through and there is going to be a lot of crying. #ImpeachTrump
The doctor that gives your mom trouble about sex life weirdly
Authored by Simon Black via http://SovereignMan.com , On Friday evening, the government here in Puerto Rico made an announcement to local retirees that many of them would have their pensions cut. Poof. Just like that. The pension cut is part of a debt ... https://1buv.com/the-only-fix-is-taking-matters-into-your-own-hands/ …
If you read the Book of Mormon and fail to see how it applies to our times, you are a dumbass and one of the blind being lead by the bind.
Karma is a bitch and it is coming for the whole lot of these dirty and immoral politicians.
Looks like he’s being hunted by a poor mans Doink the Clown
Today is the start of #rettsyndrome month (in the USA) This young lady is the strongest and toughest kid I know. Every day she battles and fights the effects of Rett syndrome just to be normal. I promise I will always be by your side until some one finds a cure.
Very excited to be joining ’s  as a Research Affiliate for the next three months where I’ll be finishing my book manuscript on discursive frames in #transitionaljustice and writing an article on gender-based violence in Cambodia’s three-decade long civil war.
Just political parties testing out US campaign styles -aided by a thirsty MSM who can’t think of follow up questions -trying WAY too hard to to compete with the Trumpian shit show south of the border. Most people I know watch US news FAR more than Canadian so efforts wasted?
Watching Nightly News on NPR right now. The opinion seems to be that WE will be overwhelmed with so much to investigate & so much being presented. THAT is the problem. There IS so much. We must know all that this very criminal man has done to the United States. Trump is a maniac.
Y'all.... my Amtrak driver really did just lose us in LA taking us to the union station...
okay but sometimes eye feel like the worst person ever tf
No worries. For the 2009 paper we missed a key early ref too (but managed to slip it in during proofing): Rodriguez et al. (1982). The possible role of Amazonian psychoactive plants in the chemotherapy of parasitic worms—a hypothesis. J. of Ethnopharmacology, 6(3), 303-309.
I do want to check her poetry out but I think I’ll try to get a few more novels in first. I’ll look up Talking to the Dead. Thank you!!!
Went to check out a fire at midnight that broke out in my neighborhood on my One Wheel. Hoping the ones got hurt.
Thing about friends they’re all amazing,beautiful & unique. Each one capturing a piece of your heart/soul but in the end there is always that one or few friends that seen you through Hell & back not because they stood back & observed but because they got in the fight with you
why is the house so cold i dont want to leave the blankets,,,,,
The truth is coming out. Right now. A #Trump staffer told an Australian official that the #Russians offered Trump dirt on . They passed that on to the . It’s not any party’s talking points.
Discredits? What? You’ve totally missed the point here.
Jeff Flake wants Trump beaten at the polls, not removed from office.  #ImpeachTrump #impeachment #ImpeachDonaldTrumpNOW #ImpeachmentInquiry #ImpeachmentIsComing #trump
I should really stop wearing makeup because I touch my face all the time and then mess it up
Took money and now any member of their families could accidentally inhale some Polonium on the street if they don't tow the line.
Why does Trump use the bizarre term "perfect," over and over again, when talking about his impeachment flavored phone call to Ukraine? What is a "perfect" phone call?
Virginia: 12-year-old Amari Allen said white boys pinned her, covered her mouth, & cut off her hair, calling it “ugly & nappy.” Media & activists like the  raged, calling for immediate action against boys. Police investigated. They didn’t cool it did they???
Petition: Lower the voting age from 18 to 16 for elections and referendums
Haku & Zabuza deserve everything that’s good in the world, don’t  bitches
Wait did I get busy at work today and miss all the Flyers fans freaking out
Chambers showed an incredible attitude today; just on that alone I would place him higher on the RB ladder than AMN.
Many aren't as publicly noted as the Andy Ngo case, but simply look up "Antifa Violence" on youtube and you will see plenty of violence called upon people who simply have opposing views.
dude threw 21 touchdowns and 11 picks with the same offense that brady had the previous season
President Trump is winning... dems are in a tail spin. I have noticed a distinct uptick in their desperation in the last few weeks. Cornered Animals.
I suspect the list of individuals who will even take phone call from this administration is down to single digits. Gorka was a given.
This gets me so angry! This is across the street from families house and it’s happened to us before! Someone from one of those houses there lost control of their car and slammed into our parked van and totaled it reckless drivers need to have their license revoked!
Carry This In Your Hearts & Minds Patriots James 2:17 Im Interrupting Here Faith W/O Works Is Like Life W/O Breath...DEAD In Other Words... SAYING We're Going 2Save AMERICA W/O Doing The Work 2SAVE AMERICA... Will Result In FAILURE The Final Interruptation WALK THE WALK
The treacherous treasonous Marxist globalist lying shills out to destroy the USA are the BIDENS & long have been. What hyper-hypocrites.
 is a #lying political #Hack. We all know Trump did nothing of the kind. Nap either doesn't know the law or more likely: lies about the laws to suit his anti-Trump agenda.
Like you said unbankable actors would have sank it, but at the stage where the MCU is they can take risks and don’t need to get A list celebrities to lead every single one of their projects.
I'm saying if one artiste is being criticized for having "trashy" lyrics, why not keep same energy when others do same?? Must the criticism be for just one man?? You don't see the pattern or you just don't know hate on sight?
Breaking: John Brennan and James Comey implicated in conspiracy with the Deep State conspirator to falsely accuse President Trump of impeachable offenses in order to cover up their own involvement in the Russia investigation! Boom asshole!
I was worrying about when Nintendo would ship my joycons back, then I got the email that they were sending them back today. That's one less thing to worry about.
Sorry, the N64 then the Wii U, lost track of my gens
The Painted Lady we see down here is not as bright as yours. More tan. Wonder if it's cuz we are in the desert with more sand colors.
That means all discussions, by default, are unclassified. So the State Dept should have no trouble handing over the minutes from those meetings.
All because Mfks lost the damn remote no more Roku for us I guess.
I change the channel as soon as I see Santorum. He’s useless and disgusting.
Kinda feel like this entire preseason has been to weed out the problems in the locker room and Voracek isn't doing himself any favors...
And the only reason they were even thinking about going to China was because of YOUR tariff war!
Ok y’all so the other day I checked my bank account at work & started crying. I was devastated bc I just knew someone was spending all of my money so I start scrolling through all of the purchases & y’all will never believe this but it was ME. I’m spending all of my money
the dinosaurs have been replaced with robots today :( sad
#UNCHARTEDTERRITORY IS THE WEEKLY FLAGSHIP PROGRAM FOR INDEPENDENT PROFESSIONAL WRESTLING IN SHORT... IT RULES ASS
America ranked 111 on the list of countries by homicide rate. That was a homicide rate of 4.7 per 100,000 people. Australia is ranked 183 with a rate of 1.1 per 100,000 people. It’s actually more dangerous to live in Oz seeing as the States has 10x our population.
“A US online privacy bill is not likely to come before Congress this year, 3 sources said, as lawmakers disagree over issues like whether the bill should preempt state rules, forcing comps. to deal w/ stricter legislation in CA that starts Jan 1.” https://apple.news/Av-z8wTD-T8iwU45JKMqy_w …
How about the laws protecting the whistle blower? My bad, forgot you don’t care about laws. #ImpeachTrump
Murder the person on whose ground you’re standing, apparently.
Spent 2 years in university. And I am just realizing that I lowkey hate the production aspect of my program.
That's a fact, they definitely have more input on the game smh which is stupid because they are a small portion of the majority
And so much shit has gone down in the last two hours! Why is anyone surprised that the #OrangeCrush team (Barr, Pence, all the GOP) is just as treasonous and criminal as the Trump family?!?!?!
Are you ready for him to rock your world? I’ll be here all week with the shitty lines.
Do you have any more pictures? I 0.7 miles from the accident and can't get home. This is the first picture I've seen.
#California is suffering today after fatal shooting. #POTUS, stop the bloodshed. #BackfireTrump
Vacation day #4 of 11 and I've lost a dirtybird hoodie, 2 njoy vapes and my passport. I haven't gotten to the festival yet. I hate living out if a suitcase x2. I need sleep but this is impossible. Trying to nap everytime the baby sleeps.
#Drphil Victoria the evil presence you need to rid yourself of is Thomas. What a nut job.
Hi, 4th quarter of the year! AKA unhealthy coping mechanisms szn, daily inuman szn, "i'm really fucking tired" szn, "gusto kong lumandi pero sa crush ko lang" szn, "gusto kong mangibang bansa!" szn, "ano ba talaga gusto ko sa buhay?" szn, and "pwede bang pause muna lahat?" szn.
https://www.gosober.org.uk/users/abigail-elford … So this month will be a massive struggle for me however, in memory of my absolute legend of a grandad, Kendall Elford, I’m going sober for a month to raise money for the people who helped look after him and my family in his final few weeks of his life
I sat down and my first thought was "witness the power of god in THAT, bitch" which is very heretical and on brand
Because I had an verbal exchange with his Mum through the cage for being drunk and disrespectful towards my fighter during he’s walkout, fight and post fight. Abusive and aggressive cageside when she shouldn’t have been allowed there.
I wasn’t bad enough that Trump sent Giuliani to Ukraine to pursue conspiracy theories. He now has sent AG Barr to other countries to pursue more conspiracy theories on the tax payers dime.
Also the Muslims trying to dig in and take over from Minnesota worthless call.. We the people will not let this happen.
Come anywhere near me or my family dressed like this and I’m calling the authorities I don’t give a fuck
Might fuck around and main Crypto, I was tired of running Wattson end of the season due to lack of mobility and use outside of camping in a 2x2 in pubs to pass time. I know im not the only one
Sebastian Vettel never drove in the v12 era?! So the fans who agree with him are idiots hahah... Also  revealed Ferraris engine reliability during the V12 era and it was horrendous Hahahah.
Is it weird I'm thirsting over a 2D anime man that's based on an actual person? Then again, my friends thirst over the feudal lords from the Sengoku period and the members of the Shinsengumi so we're all weird.
You don’t quite get the fact that you made a huge error!! You asked a foreign nation to get dirt on your political opponent and the WH version of call mirrors the whistleblower’s account #impeachtrump #traitortrump
First, insight fear and panic. Next, create false flag attack and then rush in to be the "savior" to gain favor, Finally, if sheep awaken, start a war in the name of SOMETHING and use propaganda to remind the public they are sheep. Rinse and repeat! #ImpeachmentIsComing
Niggas will get a power bottom just cause they want someone else to do all the work. It's me, I'm niggas.
Dude just needs to get drunk and ride off into the sunset on his skateboard
In theory but not when you come home thinking it’s about to be something different in the kitchen and you look and it’s arroz con salchichas, some days I’ll try to switch it up with ketchup or hot sauce and shit
stop protecting white people at the expense of black lives
Not the rent prices, though. I'll deal with crummy pizza to pay a 1/3rd of what I would in NY.
You are talking about someone who works in Intel & gathers reports from multiple people. Hence the pattern that has the IG concerned. But go ahead & stick your head in the sand. Ignore the erratic behavior, ignore the babbling nonsense, ignore the fact that trump ADMITTED it.
POTUS Obsessed with you, Hillary? HARDLY, because, YOU tried to buy the 2016 election with lots of fraud, & the Russian Hoax against President Trump. If you had won, American citizens would NEVER know how DEEP YOUR CORRUPTION WAS & STILL IS !
I think he just cant handle the immense pressure on him
All I see is a spoiled, corrupt billionaire hoping that the sins of others will muddy the waters enough so we don’t focus solely on him. There’s not a good guy in the bunch.
The has has Picks disease (FTD). And yes, he has always been a immoral idiot.
The amount of betrayal and then working together on this show is ridiculous.
I don’t think he does. But the question is asked even by his foes constantly. It never occured to me what impeachment discovery (if any, I’m not a legal scholar) might do for him or reveal to us
so it worked, even after ordered to turn the papers over they stonewalled and holder got held in contempt
The son of a man who died at a child rape ranch? This swamp is getting deeper
Niggas be single on the socials but laying next to they bitch every night
I hate ACL injuries, have killed so many careers. Hopefully it doesn't do that with Asensio. Would 100% take him at the club, maybe as a number 10 even.
The day someone misses me the way my residents miss me when I’m off a couple days and their face lights up when they see me will be the day I get married
What the hell guys should take time to give complements to a naked woman
Not feeling the greatest tonight, so not much writing is getting done. How about you, #writingcommunity? How’s your writing coming along tonight?
Shiff, Nadler & Swalwel are like little shepherd boys who cry wolf. The Aesop fable The Boy Who Cried Wolf was based on Greek Philosophy. The moral stated at the end of the Greek version is, "this shows how liars are rewarded: even if they tell the truth, no one believes them".
This coming from a guy who put Dak and Rogers above Russell Wilson in the NFC so far this year. #smh
Some girls are having a full on heart to heart in a study room in the library and are completely unaware that half of the second floor can hear all about their emotional traumas.
⁦ ⁩ why don’t you blame Gavin Newsome and the corrupt CA govt for the high gas prices. #overtaxing #everyone
(Runs around, shaking the liver like prey trapped in my mouth.)
Just remembered that I’ll be anchoring for my school’s news the day after the 2021 Oscars and boy I may cry on camera
You’re lying to yourself and the county by believing in his hearsay as you call it and not believing the truth on paper.
getting the #1 draft pick and successfully tanking isn’t all that bad
Sean Davis: Intel Community IG 'Straight Up Refused' To Answer Why They Changed The Rules https://thefederalist.com/2019/09/30/sean-davis-intel-community-ig-straight-up-refused-to-answer-why-they-changed-the-rules/#.XZKU5gBGZYc.twitter …
I decided to find a biologist to help to liberate the dragon, but he feared that the king would take away his research funds.
I wanna go to the Logic show to see JID but the nearest show is 4 hours away damn
The last 20 mins of BATTLESHIP has one of my fav "let's get shit done" montages. Aliens bust up their fancy new ship. But wait... "We have a Battleship." "That's a museum!" "Not today." <cue AC/DC> IT'S FIRE UP THE STEAM ENGINES ON A DECOM'D BATTLESHIP MONTAGE TIME!
How many from the Trump administration will end up in prison or disgraced! Trump will by far surpass Nixon in numbers involved and the in degree of corruption.
JUST LOOK AT  FACE SHE COULD NOT BE MORE DISINTERESTED IF SHE FUCKIN TRIED SHE SHOULD BE SACKED OH AND  YOU CAN STICK YOUR SERVICE UP THE EU I’LL BE CANCELLING MY £145 per month SUBSCRIPTION #GOGETFUCKED #BIASEDGUTTERPRESS
I, for one, anticipate a form of 'free trade' across the Irish border as a result of the model being proposed by the UK government. The same kind of 'free trade' that occurred in the 1970s/80s Ireland, & between Bulgaria & Serbia/Macedonia after the Balkan wars. Illegal & chaotic
Is anybody else having trouble logging into the splat app?? I can go on but for some reason it will kick me out if I try to click a previous match
I wish I had some fucking friends in this area but it’s not good enough for me all the black people white
***** makes my heart flutter and hurt cuz the damn thing doesn’t sleep
know why I was even listening 2 that because I don’t pay attention 2 the mainstream media, but I think that may have been OANN. I’m so confused. Nerves. I just want our president 2 b safe & 2 prevail & 4 George Conway 2 stay off twitter w/his ugly harassment of the president. U
STOP FORCING KIDS THROUGH BLACK N WAX 2019! the fact that multiple Black children who are now adults remember this (probably) historicly accurate museum with pure fear and disdain. Smh
Killing dem has useless lyrics And wizkid is suffering from his own greatness that's y he is being criticized,when he dropped ojuelegba people hated it now that same song is global,the same people talking about lyrics criticized s.f.t.o.s What do y'all want??
Nothing but respect for *my* non-medical doctor. (Was reminded because I saw one of the ads earlier today)
Maxine Waters claims 'more to come' in Russia investigation, defends Mueller report https://www.foxnews.com/media/maxine-waters-more-to-come-russia … OMG. Someone send this nut job away!!! Just fade into the sunset Mad Maxine!!
Oh, lookit’ this. A *second* whistleblower re hanky-panky at the IRS with TweetyTurd’s audit. That’s Munchkin’s wheelhouse. Be a shame if he had to take a timeout from Blondie. https://www.rawstory.com/2019/09/second-whistleblowers-allegations-of-inappropriate-influence-surrounding-trumps-irs-audit-may-be-released-by-house-dem/ …
Canceled / Open carry. If had felt in fear of my life there would have been bodies on the pavement. Whoop Whoop!
Somebody said on here that ESPN put Tennessse's womens basketball logo where the football logo was on the scoreboard page. LOOOL. Such disrespect.
You dont understand i dont buy it because I think the jacket not worth the price and could be BETTER. Imagine win the code, dont like the jacket, buy it and complain later, dumb, right? You would say: 'hey, didnt see the photos?'.
How is it that someone is shooting at the Epicentre on a Monday during a fire next door? Insane day. Hope the victim is okay
I leave YouTube for two weeks & all hell breaks loose with Amberlynn Feeds *and* ChantellsOnEveryone. All I know is this: The ALR community is tight so she's messing with the WROOOOONGGGG bishes. Good luck, Ursula. #foodiebeauty #AmberlynnReid #AmberlynnReid #chantalmarie
nobody paying attention the last 20 years or so were fooled. #PayAttentionPeople
What more facts do you need other than a young lady saying out of her mouth...he raped me. The judge and the jury will determine if she is lying or not. Until then, I believe her...
I can’t wait to stay outside and lay in the swing in the 54 degree low
How do you sleep at night? You’re sitting idly by and letting this President get away with treason. There will come a point where the voting public will overwhelmingly be on the side of impeachment, already heading that way now. You will find yourself on the wrong side of history
Nobody: Festival livestream crew members when they spot the most fucked up person in the crowd:
Yeahhh Apparently, if you pay for AMC premier you get to watch it a week early (and then ruin it for people too poor to afford the planet...)
Maria Scors So Sad! We need to stop dumping everything into the ocean. Thank you for sharing Maria Scors http://NJHomesMove.CBinTouch.com
 Pls stop sending offers to my address in the previous resident’s name. Moved over 3 years ago & the phone agent was not helpful. I can’t ‘return to sender’, - no return address. I’m not wasting my time going to a branch either. Pls help.
why the hell were you sweating this much, did you by any chance ran into Peach?
Oh, and in related news, the reason I have zero pictures of me is because I suck at having my picture taken.
Apparently Bernie supporters are so nice on Twitter. The abusive ones are fake accounts created by the DNC
He’s just a mess........ and what I hate the most is that he never can admit not one wrong doing of the Democratic’s and in my book no one is ever perfect.....especially Juan! I hate that trait in a person.
So, at this point, how do we actually know she was bullied? It might of been part of the whole story to make it a more believable story?
I’ve seen the same thing in some cowboy party in Arizona. This was shot some years ago. Now it’s illegal in Kosovo to shoot, even at events like this party, weddings.. a lot of arrests were made and it is stopped.
I'll try out the bottle , it's awful.i was actually sick yesterday with it, I've never had it in life , mind I drink gallons of tea plus I've just looked up on internet stress can cause it ,thanks for the advice Carol X
Wouldn't surprise me but I can't imagine the Dems would give her another bite of the apple.
So, I’ll start by saying this. When most people get married, they always say the in-laws are the worst. For me that’s not the case. s.ed30 has been nothing but loving and caring towards…
12% done with The Evil Queen, by Gena Showalter: Not sure how I feel about this one
GOP has been never trumpers and letting demorats walk. We elected POTUS Trump to drain the swamp. GOP hasnt been backing the NRA or Trump. Wake me when the GOP starts going after demorats. Its a civil war and the GOP ran off to canada.
this shit crazy you'll meet somebody start texting them then they hit you w/ that " when you fina stay the night " first day in like WHET
the drawing doesn't look good as an icon on twitter, i'm sueing-
the biggest one: i dont want to talk? oh poor mom she cries every night because her child doesnt like talking :((( aww poor mom she doesnt get the ability to be around her child EVER :(((( so sadddd :(((
Not happy with breaking laws, BJ now wants to rip up such an important Treaty.......those lunatics really do want to drag us back to the dark ages.
There's a big dude at the gym with white power tattoos all over place. Should I drop a barbell on his head or what??
That’s a little much, it’s not like he peacefully knelt during the national anthem...
China’s 70th anniversary is today and it’s a tense tale of two systems in one country. In #HongKong an angry march of pro-democracy protestors may hit the streets. In Beijing a celebratory Communist parade of 15,000 troops is set.  is here. #HongKongProtests #telltheworld
*In David Attenburoughs voice* Here we see  slapping the nest of the dangerous Pony Wasp. Let's observe what happens...
The level of Dump's corruption is beyond comprehension. We're only seeing a small crack in the facade. It needs to be broken wide open. For. The. Sake. Of. The. Nation. #TRE45ON #ConvictThemAll
lassi pi ke dakar marnay wala kia samjhe ga angrezi even the guys brought up in english speaking countries could not grasp the critical points raised by #ImranKhan in that #imrankhanspeech #Pakistan #PMLN #PTI
Dems are panicking for 2 reasons: The IG report’s about to come out & expose a massive govt spying operation against Trump in collusion w/ foreign govt’s & what the Obama admin did is a 1000 times worse than what they’re alleging President Trump did. Tick tock, chicken man.
Ha, I don't think that's the most ridiculous take out there !!!
BS, YOU ARE STILL MAKING UP THINGS JIM TO LEAD FOLKS IN THE WRONG DIRECTION. WE KNOW BETTER
choices, it got to the point that I was only frustrated instead of having fun like on The Broken Sky chp where if you get defeated by Jeanne the past verses you did get deleted, maybe that kind of thing wasn't on purpose but since the game has been ported multiple times and -->
Author Spotlight: Khardine Gray ~ Read an Interview & Excerpt from Alone in the Dark by  #ADSoE #FREEonKU #LimitedEdition #DevilishlyDangerous #SinfullySeductive http://trbr.io/BoMxPXF via
Marcus ( ) & Nathan ( ) having a disagreement but I’d it the right time to be having such thing? Beautifully directed by  #ComingSoon #supportindiefilm #horror #HorrorMovies
 THERE WILL BE NO CIVIL WAR WHEN YOU ARE DETHRONED. AMERICA WILL BE DANCING IN THE STREETS ......... SCARE TACTICS, LIES, THREATS, WE THE PEOPLE ASK FOR YOUR RESIGNATION AND THEN WE WILL JAIL YOU FOR THE MUELLER REPORT......... SIMPLY SAID !
They're VERY clear about saying "transferred to the customer." If that changes I will (of course) agree with you, but I doubt it will.
#45 you looked up in the sky while outside doing an interview not to long ago an said you were the chosen one . You are insane you can't flip this around on someone else cause your GOING TO GET IMPEACHED ...
Please remove the word scary. You are speculating. You are manipulating.
Before religion and tribal differences we were first human beings. Spread love. Stop the hatred. #NigeriaAt59 #IndependenceDay
Sometimes I think he's actually working for Trudeau playing the worst opposition possible.
I did. Can you explain the tomato potato scene? Smh
No , ma'am, we are not. Again your the one making the leftist agenda on changing weather patterns, that are speed up human existence. 7%, you need a bigger coalition, or the old white GOP will own you. Is that in your 100 things African-American are worried about.
No.  led a partisan lynch mob about consensual sex and a man dancing around the meaning of a particular act.
He would have gotten a $250K college education out of it. This is only going to help 1% of college athletes and ruin it for the rest. Likely will significantly impact non revenue producing sports which live off the $makers.
No time like the present! . . . When you're dealing with tons of stress and a busy schedule, nothing better to do than to dive back into your make-believe world. Have to get these cuts/edits in on Manuscript #1 so I…
You’d think the CEO of Trump Org would understand a net loss
Hey the AEW NXT Wednesday Night Wars is ONLY in the United States NOT in Canada, I repeat Not in CANADA!
WWII Japanese looked awesome also and indominatable in many respects, but their culture resulted in poor decision making in combat and planning. The Chinese are week because their political culture is week. We have problems in politics; but heart & spirit are there and strong.
annoying freshmen are usually the first people to tell you that their not annoying freshmen
Don’t DM some boring shit like “Hey! You’re funny”. Bitch, just send the titties and get it over with
Yes Trump, we figured you out long ago, that's why you now need to leave. You screwed the country and filled your dirty coffers. Time to go. Adios
"Haha. You aren't going to win, I'm at the top of my game & we both know I will win"
I’d rather Jamie Bryson voting on decisions in the Dail in Dublin concerning our way of life than some wanker who is an MP for fucking Woking or Bournemouth,
I'm quite aware of the dynamics of every American war. In WWII, for example, the U.S.'s roughly 425,000 war dead pales in comparison to Russia's 20 million or so - and Russia was our ally. We avoided the worst of WWI. And the French were invaluable in the Revolution. Etc.
We do both! Now if we do you will say we ain’t giving u attention Ladies gatta complain all the time.
She's so crazy!!! She does shit like this all the damn time
Can we just get the DIY world onto discord already. Tired of Facebook but still rely on event pages to get your news? Let’s just make a damn discord server dedicated to shows and spreading the info.
Fully expecting Rudy to retain the services of the Ghost of Roy Cohn in connection with this impeachment subpoena.
forgot to hand in the payment form thing for my uni accommodation by the deadline ... what the hell we gon do now
cube world doesn't look that bad but i also never played the alpha so what do i know
Not a fucking chance . Timber the fake Russian hoax?? A Swing and a miss strike 3 !
i was at the gas station and got this fine lil daddys number, and he dead ain’t text me back. he can smd
The community about to have pro Am down for a month just let em cheat 95 % of y’all did all other glitches.. At this point 2k might as well make everybody a Legend and just start working on 2k21
My greatest hatred is for those who transgress but do not realize their ignorance about it. It is as a victory to me when they realize and admit it as a fault. My enemies are lowly individuals who enjoy the fall of their victims to despair. Yet they remain abhorrently ignorant.
After E and her boyfriend broke up (she’s not allowed to have one) Now this other boy keeps staring at me all the time!!! Sigh, why do I have to be so pretty? E Some of us just have to deal with that burden. I don’t know how you do it Mama. E
All of what is listed in this thread are exactly what we have seen, heard or read since 2016... And these are just a small sample of their intent. Yet, nobody has suffered any consequences for their actions, or simply Malfeasance in general...These people are the criminals
Bloomberg editor: "We’re not actively pursuing the name of the whistle blower."  has the details: https://wapo.st/2ndAWv5
The wife just told me it wasn’t a gymnast it was an ice skater figure skater sorry.
I like riding with my man when he out makin plays be in the front seat chillin , jamming and talking shit
The Southern Border works both ways. As much bad goes South as comes North.
look its hard to talk in a tweet about the 2nd thing because no matter what its me bad guy you good guy
Whoever allowed this belongs in the cell next to me in hell bc were gonna talk
#NowPlaying The Same Eyes That Always Drove Me Crazy by Declan Nerney Listen now at https://www.radioking.com/radio/up-the-jive … #Testing #UpTheJive #IrishCountryMusic
You can ask for the trurth but never hope to get one. #burnedmemanytimes
Thinking about how feral I used to be, falling asleep in a corner on the floor when there was a bed with pillows and blankets in the room.
i realize “damn straight” is possibly not the best turn of phrase for this set of questions. damn gay!!
Another Aesop's Fable being produced right in front of our eyes with this Ukraine story against Trump, only these fables can never end with any kind of moral advise because the Dems have no morals or soul to heed such advise.
Hallo you can read it here: Thread by : "This is the official statement of why Pompeo travelled to Italy. He’s meeting w/ the Holy See… I’m not kidding. Then on […]"  Talk to you soon.
I stand with Trump! Where are the Senate Republicans and our Republican members of Congress? Stand up for your president and speak out against this criminal onslaught by the democrats!    #SpyGate #FisaGate #CoupAttempt2 #LockThemAllUp
Pompeo has ties to the TRUMP CRIME FAMILY their PLAYBOOK is 1.obstruct 2.confuse 3.Blame 4.Lie #WhistleblowerComplaint #ImpeachTrumpPenceBarrKavanaugh
"This is a tragic case of friendly fire, but make no mistake, we lost a life of a courageous public servant solely due to a violent criminal who put the lives of the police and all the people we serve in jeopardy," NYPD Commissioner James O'Neill said https://cnn.it/2o2ggGi
We're still waiting to see who the John Dean is in this story. Whoever it is, he or she won't be as likeable as John Dean. It will be someone horrible who finally decides to save his own ass.
 you really f’ed up this time ! No one is buying the crap you are peddling now all honest Democrats are saying so! Wtf did you think would happen when you started this crap! You will ever recover.
My ankle done swoll the fuck up from my latest tattoo, that’s a new one.
Grab should bear the risk for these types of transactions. They should pay the resto and the driver upfront for these purchases.
Blexit doesn’t challenge anything. If you’re trying to get through to a group of people is it too much to ask for a bit of respect and stop castigating other blacks into voting your way? Words matter. Only focusing on negative aspects of the black community so much that many...
Republicans have been horrible to education here in Florida since I was in high school and they tell us that they are going to be. Citizens either still don’t vote or don’t care enough to vote against the GOP.
bubbles really does this and i’m just sitting here like bro you act like i can’t throw you back into the restroom you whore
So cool. I forgot when we met that you do the voice of sour cream on SU . I have so many questions. Nothing but love sir.
In 1994, Mtongwe ferry sank killing 270. Nothing has been done to improve it, do you think 2 lives bothers them? The naval clowns right next door didn't rescue a single soul then. African lives are cheap they say.
Cooperate Rudy. Your credibility depends on it. For a guy who was a leader during 9/11, you have been a true disappointment since. It would be a shame to see you indicted with all of the other flunkies that blindly did  's bidding.
You’re a prime example of the pot calling the kettle I wish you’d stay the hell off the TV and out of politics
You have a bad answer for everything, don't you? You don't follow all of the MSM either. I can tell by your poor attempts at slime.
So it’s trumps fault that the liberal media gets a hard on every time he sends a tweet? Perhaps they should go back to school to learn what journalism is.
The plot thickens and they have Rotten Teeth Rudy to thank
This is why you squat like 250 pounds... I have ass muscles that will tear that thing off and I swear to Hela I will wear that wee willie winkie on my neck to the Kroger every single day.
Just throw keep throwing this on the pile of "evergrowing shitty things about Gearbox" https://www.destructoid.com/composer-bobby-prince-sues-gearbox-valve-over-duke-nukem-3d-music-568330.phtml …
The power of Jessye Norman, you will be forever missed https://youtu.be/2VBa3jj2Lwc
“I think the political environment is not really friendly, because it is judgmental.” https://www.theaustralian.com.au/nation/day-of-mixed-feelings-for-chineseaustralians/news-story/e59e380c3553f51fc66d90b5ba6e2984 … I’m judgemental not of the Chinese people but I am of a corrupt CCP that runs kids over with tanks.
Americans believed the same thing about Trump who has long since fired and replaced all the adults 10 times over.
i want to join inktober SO BAD this year, but for the first time i have a really busy month and turns out its october ksjfjfjjgkf i hate myself
I've got a few and some ammunition. Actually bought them after the 16 election because of a only slightly irrational fear of shit going sideways.
People who are always by his side, whether at times uncomfortable or happy. I miss this person alone all the time .
can arianators shut the fuck up ab xmas I'm tired it's still September
I suspect Trump is playing yet another game of "3D Chess" ; in this case, he's acting as if he *wants* to be impeached, in order to throw everybody off the scent of the fact that he actually *does*.
See proving my point... where do you draw the line? A 13 year old raping a girl? Do we blame parents...the kid knows right from wrong. She is wrong, and the penalty should be harsh to mitigate future claims, or we take your bible stance that they don’t know and care and loose.
Talking Truth about The Murdering Kleptocrats. Thank You
If we are not gone by Oct 31st then Johnson and the  traitors are doomed. Johnson will have the label of another weak PM. I'll be voting the @#BrexitParty
TIL that in 2019 highlighting anthropomorphism is the third rail of Facebooking. Just got my first spiteful Unfollow ever for pointing out that dogs aren't human. "I like what you do but can't be friends with you," he wrote on my TL and then promptly deleted. Woof!
 OMG!! YOU STINKING TRAITOR!! GET OUT OF MY COUNTRY YOU DISGUSTING, PHAT, MONSTEROUS FILTHY TRAITOR! SELLING MY COUNTRY TO THE GD HIGHEST BIDDER? YOU NEED TO BE ARRESTED & PUT AGAINST A WALL, YOU NASTY FQR!! DEALS WITH THE BUTCHER OF SAUDI ARABIA? FQ YOU, FATSO!!
The extent to which Trump got screwed over by Fox News here is hilarious. Hannity and co. Have been screaming "coup and conspiracy" for so long that Trump and others thought it was sensible to violate law and common sense to pursue it. Basically Self-impeaching in the process.
King pedo was killed cause he had info that could have exposed the whole network.
There is no respect for life anymore, the poor man was grieving the loss of his wife. Shameful
#StopTheTrumpMadness  has not been watching the news  ... Call her and tell her about all the messy breaking news that has happened in past 2 hours. It is sickening. Trump will be impeached and it is his fault. Good thing you stayed away Mitt!
That shows desperate to get it out in the open=highly biased. Good for our side.
If there is a service interruption in the area, be sure to check the MyAccount app for updates. Hopefully it's not down for too much longer, and we're sorry for the inconvenience.
and in any event, finally, the biggest issue here is this (jumbled lot) is supposed to go *in place* of the current insurance policy option. In a few weeks. Seriously?
$SPX 3400-3700 still should be in the horizon, the YEN is not ready for another Daily cycle of strengh, we keep mentioning, reason why the Index will extend higher. #elliottwave #trading $SPY $ES_F
Isn't she marvelous? We missed out on probably the best POTUS of our lifetimes. #StillWithHer
Sometimes you just have to face the facts that people disagree with you.
Why the fuck am I going to work on a new game that requires the same hardware I do not have for my other greater game idea, fuck this i'll wait.
i keep tweeting abt it sorry im annoying but im literally going to b 18 in 5 days so i dont see the point
"Half a million people are just lying liars" What's the more parsimonious explanation?
#NowPlaying The Clash - I Fought The Law Ecoutez et Suivez nous sur https://vinylestimes.fr/ #vinylestimes Keep Rock 'N Roll Alive !The Clash - I Fought The Law
I’m far more disgusted by the noise than the actual consumption of an adorable chikorita and I’m slightly ashamed
IM NOT ACTUALLY WATCHING IT CAUSE IM ON THE WEST COAST BUT ILL LOOK AT SPOILERS AND THEN WATCH IT LIVE BECAUSE V I E W S #911onFOX
 and now u wont see the pics i post of you or the comments i make about you and your country fucking slum world of the universe the lowest place on earth saudi arabia a fucking cesspool of the world where all shit goes to settle on you
"A key House Democrat said he’s consulting lawyers about whether to make public a complaint by a federal employee about possible misconduct in the Internal Revenue Service’s auditing of President Donald Trump." https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2019-09-27/democrat-weighs-releasing-complaint-about-irs-trump-tax-audit …
What part of criminal investigations are done by the FBI don't you get? You act like members of Congress are little G-men. They are legislators with very little power when it comes to criminal investigations.
The ShadowRealm isn't as impressive as I've always imagined it looking...
I feel like it’s the exact same as the walking dead & supernatural, in terms of repeating the plot each season and so on
Holy Moly, the memories Tiger Army - Cupid's Victim https://youtu.be/ZblzqEBwQRA via
I have never watched an episode of Dancing With The Stars. I still won’t, but I will do my damnedest to vote for Sean Spicer.
Wrong room ? The only reason is for the tax breaks gotta be
A 49-year-old Missouri man was hit with a 20-year prison sentence The students had been locked out of campus at the College of the Ozarks after missing curfew when they were terrorized by an armed Robert Hyslop in October of 2018, according to authorities.
Ok. I’m currently slurping an A&W root beer float (Dreyers Double Vanilla. Mmm) and petting my terriers. I’m not triggered. At all. Never was. I know that continuing to spread the word about the lying, sexual predator serving as the worst president ever, I am a Patriot. YAY ME!
in past six months you already... 1- yes 2- yes 3- yes 4- no 5- no 6- no 7- yes 8- no 9- no 10- no 11- yes 12- no 13- yes 14- no 15- no 16- yes 17- no 18- yes 19- no drop an emoji and i’ll send u the questions
#ONTHISDAY 29-30 September 1941 On the Einsatzgruppen, like those at Babi Yar: “.. The Jews were unarmed and surrounded by an extremely hostile peasantry, who sometimes attacked them even before the killing squads had arrived. " https://buff.ly/2LgqL23
Maybe its partially because of JE, but maybe it's because after seeing how the custody shit happened and the nugget trauma happened...ppl are saying fuck Teen Mom.
 Don’t forget to account for new riders from the three large condo developments in downtown Walpole.
***UPDATE*** The  Coroner has released the name of the 8 year-old child killed in a crosswalk accident in Oxnard. His name is Alexander Vasquez, a student at Cesar Chavez Elementary School.
The campaign literally has the same yard signs and branding as 2016. It's fighting the same stupid woke Twitter wars from 2016. They don't seem to understand the clearly different incentives with a multi-candidate race.
Absolutely not. Trump has been a financial disaster at the farm gate as well as for the ag industry as a whole including the ag business sector that services the farmer. Do the math. I won’t cash flow
Why?? Trump broke no laws!! Sorry you did not get SCOTUS but that does not mean you have to spread lies at to why the President did or did not do. DONT BE A FOOL!!!
:))))) guess who never backed up her phone and lost all her videos from the ptg show
Who cares? We can debate fundamentals of a particular coin until we go blue in the face but two things are now abundantly clear for all. 1) Maybe broke a law? Pay a fine unequal to the law you might have broken and it shall be forgiven. 2) The SEC will not roll back innovation.
Facebook will reportedly only pay a quarter of the news outlets featured on its upcoming news tab https://neilwrit.es/2mplsDP
No doubt!! We have to run the ball, but when the defense is daring us to pass by stacking the box with 8 defenders, we have to throw the damn ball. The time has come for us to become Air Georgia!!!
Damn you must have had to do some heavy research to find that
Here's why the Forever 21 bankruptcy could be really bad news for US mall owners https://www.cnbc.com/2019/09/30/heres-why-the-forever-21-bankruptcy-means-really-bad-news-for-malls.html?__source=sharebar%7Ctwitter&par=sharebar …
what the hell do they talk about on there??? sports???
You can file a report about your experience of sexual violence and harassment anonymously through this form. The post will be used to make t
Oh look! Another #YangStan using memes that lie about wh as t other ppl said to prop him up. Color me shocked! If you're this dishonest, maybe avoid the memes making points. However, your problem, here: Your eyes looking ^^^ Corporate greed, here.
HOW DID YOU NOT GO BUCK?!? Bless your soul for this video I missed the intro and ughhhhh
Sadly, many NBC, MSNBC news anchors, correspondents, hosts are responsible for Trump's election. They lambasted Hillary for every. Damn. Thing. The Clinton Foundation, corruption, the emails, the crucifixion. Every. Damn. Thing!
We met with Regional Leaders from Junior Achievement & LeanCor to review plans for the 2020 In Demand Career Expo. We've already trained 200 students and adults on the CLA/CLT program. #ibuildamerica #ibuildamericaindiana #ibuildamericakentucky #supplychainoki #ibuildamericaohio
You dont have to look outside the U. S to find corruption. The vaping flavor ban is orchestrated by Big Tobacco. It’s putting American lives at risk, the hysteria is not true and the states just want their MSA payments to continue. #msabloodmoney #WeVapeWeEducate #WeVapeWeVote
He was obviously a total fool to lie to the FBI, but I don’t think they gave him any credit for volunteering to assist with the investigation in the first place (he was a foreign national who had no direct residential or employment connection with the US)
my twt just dead outta the blue, where did u all go
It's a short comic so of course it's not going to address the intricacies of the depicted discomfort, but everyone seems to take the "crowd of people saying 'sex' over and over" literally? And I'm just? ???
The medium class pay is too low. $65k a year for a 4 person family with insurance, home, vehicles, cost of living . No vacations, time off, or savings. Fuel was half the price 25yrs ago and so were homes and insurance. Minimum wage increased, but the middle class wages never did.
Exactly the chaos they seem to want and that Chaos which however you think of May she did try to avoid
Stupid, stupid Trump. Look at the bigger picture especially with what transpired today. Trump just doesn't get it. #limitedcognitiveability
I went out on a date with a co-worker and I had to set “rules”. He was not allowed to pretend I was his gf, he couldn’t touch me, and he was not allowed to cross the center “line” of the bench seat of truck we rode in. No, we didn’t have rules about fraternizing with coworkers.
“Even if my father and mother abandon me, the LORD will hold me close.“ -Psalms 27:10 right?
I hate that I have to pay more to get better food, that is not full of cheap fillers, because some cheap assholes with millions of dollars wanted to save a nickel per bag of food by putting unhealthy materials in the food
Alright what the fuck? Why is #BoycottMalaysia trending?
you telling me main rappers take over half of the damn song??? you think that’s fair? not even the main vocalists got that much time,
The Countess scoffed at her long lost brother. ❝ You always have been pitiful, brother. ❞
Since knowing things is hard for trumpmonkies--. "...president can legally be impeached for “intentional, evil deeds” that “drastically subvert the Constitution and involve an unforgivable abuse of the presidency” — even if those deeds didn’t violate any criminal laws."
By a few companies do you mean the biggest banks in the world? Did you not see a couple weeks ago the Federal Reserve had to print $350B out of thin air so the banks could continue their overnight repo practices? Obama fixed nothing, the problem is now much worse.
The democrats are gonna waste more time and more of our tax dollars trying to stick it to the president instead of trying to unite this devided country.
Damn to think its snowing somewhere around the world right now
i miss the people on this account but not this account at all LMFAOO
American farmers aren't the only group hurt by Trump's trade war with China.  and  report on the Chinese companies that are also hit— along with a look at the origins of the dispute—in a Pulitzer Center-supported series for .https://bit.ly/2ncfUgq
Can someone draw Peter Capaldi with a really big ass and title it "The Thicc of it",
I was seriously injured and then died. The Judge got me a $500,000 settlement.
Some of the risks and drawbacks of digital commerce would be that no one could buy during a site crash. if no one could buy during a site crash it could lead to a massive loss of sales and multiple problems within that. #GNED1531
The effect Jessye will always have on us is profound. She will be missed more than I can say.
You know DJT, but too many Americans, don’t recognize Donnie-Two-Scoops for who he is? An arrogant, ignoramus & “a clear & present danger” to the republic. DJT could have never done this damage w/o co-conspirators in his cabinet, in Congress & the NRA. Russia is embedded in USA.
More than half of #America now supports #impeachment. Stop the madness? How about stopping the constant gaslighting the #CorruptGOP pushes to support the most corrupt President in modern history? #RepublicansAreDestroyingAmerica #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachmentHearings #TrumpLies
Patton Oswalt already mentioned this, but she is aware the Stormtroopers are also the bad guys, right?
Forget the damage that the Trump-Barr mafia gang is doing to the US intel community. Ask just 1 question: Why is Trump doing this? Answer: Russia! ALL of this is done to absolve Russia of ANY guilt.
Depends. If he's getting revenge, its going to be REAL serious. The book ended with EVERYONE on the planet dead so I don't know how much more revenge someone can take on the poor Invisible Boy
Don't besmich the good name of the talented Lindsay Buckingham!! Horrors!!
Chuck threatened the President of the United States! Chuck needs to be impeached!
"You were shocked into opening your eyes when you felt the girl opposite cup your chin in her hands — her fingers febrile, compared to the chilly shock of her gilded metacarpal — and put her meat thumb at the corner of your jaw." "meat thumb" I have questions...
I HATE coming home in a good mood just for the fam to tear it down. Wtf.
She’s the queen of projection. Damn near every word that she utters is a purposeful false accusation of someone (Trump), of being guilty of the very thing of which she, herself is guilty. It’s obscene. It’s infuriating. And it’s non-stop.
When u finally outrun the hoomans and stop for a rest but 3 mins later they come running out of the trees
He's more than a criminal...he's a stupid criminal...a criminal empire that wants to burn down the country...
When you single nobody want you!Soon as you get in a relationship Tom, dick, & Harry come out the blue
i just realized i’m blocked and i think that’s the first person ever to block me because i don’t tweet about shit and sure i deserve to be muted or unfollowed but holy shit i’m blocked by someone!!
He needs to wear higher collars, to hide the circumcision scar. Ta, da, dum!
Saw my flat mates from hell at the Students Union bar earlier and it reminded me how relieved I am to be living at home this year.
A pinch and a punch for the first of the month and no return.
But let's not get too far down the path. These thread starts and ends with this: Josh Allen relies too much on scrambling because he isn't a good QB who can go through his progressions. Hence, why that scrambling puts him in danger (AKA Week 4).
I was reading about Evangelicals,It’s Not all the Evangelicals That are voting for you, it’s just the angry ones. Evangelicals are peaceful people they live by the Lord’s word. I don’t see you anywhere in that picture
Idk I see him as some sort of amoeba instead of a vertebrate. If he’s a classic glove then the inside would be hollow I think.
and we did a lot of traveling without knowing where the fuck we was gone stay
Ive been sick for the longest time now THIS is madness
Power is out at the station, so no news from your favourite Okanagan team tonight. Be back tomorrow, hopefully!!
Dude seriously 2nd time that i got stung by a bee the same way
He is not facing no impeachment, CNN must be lying to you...we are looking for the whistle-blower and whistle-blower is hiding ..My vote for Trump 2020
Apologies for any confusion. If you're not completely satisfied w/ your pair, DM us your order number and we'll get you started on the return process for a complete refund. If you purchased it through a retailer, please reach out to them to discuss your return/exchange options.
I know. I have followed the news on twitter. Strikes are sometimes the only way. #solidarity
Yep. My guy will not sleep alone. He'll cry until he's on the bed with you.
Idk we didn’t do it and look what happened... the threat of the momentum switch should be enough to throw the flag
It is dangerous times we are living in when certain words are permissible and other words aren't. And here is the thing - the hate speech is defined by people who really want to CONTROL speech. This is all part of the social engineering process.
Also please share what 500 scientists said to the UN “There is no climate emergency. Therefore, there is no cause for panic and alarm,” they noted. “We strongly oppose the harmful and unrealistic net-zero CO2 policy proposed for 2050.”
But they don't "plead" that they lack resources. We can look at how the police per capita has decreased and the police chiefs say that this is because how they lack resources.
“I remember the day vividly” is proffered as evidence of empathy. Grim.
The Prodigy - Baby's Got A Temper http://youtu.be/FglU0X-Vyrw
first two reasonable but they shit comin out the west REGARDLESS
Professor Ken Maher argues that the time has come for all #architects to raise their voices and lead on the issue of #climateemergency. Explore more in his article in .  #buildlowcarbon   https://bit.ly/2mL5iFf
Fake News is rife in Australia. The Globalist media are at WAR against Trump. So far, he's WINNING!
It's a legislative coup d'etat — an effort by the hard right to destroy the President chosen by the American people. Perfect description of Newt’s leadership of the impeachment of Bill Clinton.
most of these celebs are not in the right house smh capital
Test for dwi are not the same as being impaired by marijuana while driving ! Learn your rights . They have no type of test to tell wether your high or not . A field Sobriety test does not work they may make you think you have to take it but you don’t .
can’t wait until the day i live alone and can fully control what comes into my home so i can be zero waste
Theory: MBS squealed on Alice so the deep state are desperate for regime change. You'd think it was too late. Maybe they will use the Houthis as cover for a military attack which Trump can't help with because he's distracted and so are the UK. Their goal is a MB takeover.
Panic attacks are no joke. It's hard to focus on anything when the anxiety brain takes over. Hang in there, I know how you feel. Been dealing with it off and on for 20 years.
About an hour ago. I was in my own head. (Inner thought) And asked myself. What now. That we have seen behind the curtain. And they still hide behind?
stream my shit on SoundCloud! trynna hit 10k streams before the year ends.
Are you scared of spiders? We are, too! To overcome our arachnophobia, we put a bunch of spiders (31, to be exact) on our new calendar in the Children's area. We think this counts as "immersion therapy", and these spiders don't bite. Conquer your fears with us all month long!
Name something you’ve heard over the last three years besides Russia. Racism, or Recession? #ImpeachmentIsComing
You mean the tax cut that have provided the capital to help the economy provide record revenues to the Federal Government, or baseline budgeting that provides for unquestioned, uncontrolled, spending increases.
I swear I’m the only one who gets off to sad music at the gym. Legit gets my blood pumping.
He said he would.... back in MAY....to ind all the crap the deep state is doing...
It takes a lawsuit to decide what else is unenforceable. Hard to feel sympathy for someone who didn’t read any of their contracts though. Granted the point here is the poison pill $50k enforceability, but Streamers need to start recognizing that signing a contract is a big deal.
Idk how people have so much energy to argue all the time.... I can’t do it
Its time to oust all of the congressional lifers who follow the corrupted rules they helped to enact. McConnell, Pelosi are just 2 of many. With all of the illegal acts Trump has committed, our congressional leaders and many members have failed thier duties to the people!
The world is the problem ffs.We need to hit below net zero emissions.Even if Canada is “doing better”,we arent doing enough.We are at the point where we need to invest in technology that sucks GH gases out of the air.The ignorant ones are the people fighting science and adaption.
That’s a very polite version of what the American people want. We want them to do their damn jobs!!! We are sick to our stomachs watching this damn circus. They all need to be ejected and penalized financially for the countless manhours spent on their games!!
Translation " When we wanted an investigation and it was primarily hurting Trump that's fine but now the the investigation turns and could likely hurt Dems now it's a problem"
Anyway so my mom got upset because she thinks my cat has a stupid name (Doja). This is the same woman who named her only child after Will Smith’s son and has a cat named Peanut.
fhdkdjdkd LISTEN my frustration at that entire scene like???? How is he justifying that in his head???? and to have the audacity to bring up what she told him when his dad died about being there with him through anything ....sickening
I can tell how depressed I am based on the amount of Futurama I watch
Ngl my shordy clean af but Ian into the ass eating shit
People get caught into semantics way too much. How about help the crackhead get help instead of worrying about what people call them. My family members never cared if someone called them a crackhead. They were too hooked on crack to care about words. Twitter is the worst.
Of course you're correct that we didn't use instruments in fom. Applying them in the harshest example (conveniently Belgium) and weighting for population difference. It's woefully inadequate and deliberately not cost effective Vs points system. Net not important, process is.
Stay cousin in the NO with cuzzo and cuzzo in law. #WHODATNATION #WHODATCHIC #WHODAT #WEDAT
Chk moi un fake apres il va venir sur disc pi dire chui beau smh dont say the shits that you dont mean
omg the poison type band with CROAGUNK? the DARK TYPE BAND WITH LYCANROC???
I feel so bad for my kids as I start to teach them sales lessons at the ripe old age of 8
I just saw an advert and I honestly can’t believe The Walking Dead is still going... everyone should be dead by now right? I swear the baby is like 25 now as well! What year is it even supposed to be??!!
Get a clue. None of that happened. U obv.only rely on the Lying VAST DemLEFT media empire& it’s puppets their pols. Which all use the exact same WORD or phrase in their daily talking point email. It’s sad really that UR NT even aware of that& what their plot is all about.
Hell yeah, the left thinks it controls the narrative,
Try an annoying as baby in your doctors office. Its like the torture session before the torture session. At least a 50% chance that there is fun waiting for you after the flight.
I don't know who needs to hear this but there are many many many ways to fight fascism that don't involve ingesting a constant blow-by-blow you'll find out about the important stuff when you need to and it's not a dereliction of duty to do something else with your time
But your destroyed subpoenaed emails, your bleachbyte’d computers, your illegal gov’t server in a home closet, your kid glove questioning by the FBI, your destroyed devices you lied about having, your paid for fake dossier, Benghazi, uranium/Russia deal, Clinton-foundation BS
#antifa loons at it again. This time in #OntarioCanada Screaming in the face of an old woman and blocking her path. These idiots are psychotic and should be put in a straight jacket or jail.
Umm... Barr is the AG. You are reporting that he is doing his job and spinning it as if it's a bad thing? Oh, right, you're the #FakeNews . Got it. Thanks!
Me in Lebanon when they start talking and they start talking about how they going to scam me for the water bottle
No club could get u under the cap,  . You would have to be a Visy "ambassador" or something
O resgate do soldado Ryan CALAN E CIA NO JALAPAOCOMGUI
This is one of the reasons I'm pursuing Chem Ed. I probably can't make that much of a difference, but I can damn well try
All of the #TrumpCrimeSyndicate is fleeing for Europe if they’re not already there. Why on earth is Gorka going?! He doesn’t work for the US govt. He’s not a lawyer so can’t claim that fake excuse like Rudy. #sinkingship #ImpeachTrump #impeachment
How about Mt Everest - southern end. Tired of running a slalom course through the holes
i blame this update. i was trying so hard not to accidentally delete everything i just sent it to the junk mail instead.
The guy that built gab has built a web browser called dissenter. It is faster, blocks big tech trackers, etc.
So that means they have endured more losing. Remember, the Browns were winning championships before the merger. Yet their fans have not won anything in over 50 years, yet they show up for their team. There is no excuse for being disloyal, none.
Today was the last day for my mama as a teacher. She is officially retired. This means, for the very first time in my lifetime, I will not have a parent in that high school. Very minute detail — yet, an odd feeling
Am I the only one who cringes at my drunk videos the next day
Ma'am? A few things: 1)To publicly dis your child's father in the attempt to degrade him and his new girl actually makes BOTH of you look bad, and him look like pimp of the decade...(con"t)
Yes Stop the madness Stop your enabling of trumps behavior The GOP has become the cult of trump Country Before Party #CountryBeforeParty #TrumpTreason #GOPComplicit
She’s an idiot. She’s in one of the three Windsor ridings and is an embarrassment. She sends 14 year old volunteers to her opponents campaign office to dig up info. I hope Essex votes her out.
OMG! Are they now going to fabricate a bunch of shit and push it on the American people?
These people have no idea just how much time controlling just the weather takes.
Solving the problem of a hard border by implementing a hard border
I had to get VA MEDICAL HEALTHCARE as a VETERAN on a hardship case because I lost my job! Democrats want to give people that BREAK into this country FREE healthcare! What the FUCK am I missing here Democrats?
Sorry. They did not represent me. I lived in a libtard state for most of my life. The district maps were drawn to cancel out conservative votes.
You don’t have a $4k a month mortgage, pay $24k for pre-k, and go on two destination vacations a year and still get to say you’re “struggling”, get the fuck out of here.
It is unfortunate timing. Our CEO posted his initial decision before he left on a scheduled trip. The rest of us are cataloging and gathering information to present to him when he returns midweek. We too have to wait until he reviews the information. -MMM
I want him out and to begin working for change a whole lot more than I want him punished. Though I think the deal should have a keep your damn mouth shut clause.
 please be preparared to protect us from the civil war our president is calling for.  I thought that was illegal anyway
Oh no I take that back the Carryout by my job got some bomb gravy
Boys off to the State Tournament. It’s a Great Day To Be A Red Devil!!
Yeah crazy! I heard it happened in Whitby rip to the legend
someone very close to me said that i was the patron saint of broken gay boys
You were a vision in the morning when the light came through, I know I’ve only felt religion when I’ve lied with you
Self-care is releasing the habit of overextending in ways that are unhealthy and draining, standing firm to yourself even when disappointment and bad energy smuggles in. It is simply a remembrance that you are in charge of replenishing and regaining yourself.
The Globalists have initiated a 3 pronged attack on  and all Americans. 1. The Fed is choking the growth of the economy 2. Politicians (Dems/Romneyites) are using Impeachment (like Russia) to shackle him 3. Media ( #PropagandaPress) is lying overtly and covering for Pols
Think Ella from TOWIE has been arguing with Chloe cause she wanted Harry Lee for herself. Sad individual if that's the case. That's my opinion.
 didnt like the design of his cup he was using and ranted about it so i redesigned
CRACK A SMILE AROUND THIS BITCH AND I JUST DELIVER THE COLD SHIVER
E.g. Gene Garthwaite, The Persians (Blackwell 2005), criticizes the assumptions of Orientalists, Iranian reformist intellectuals & #Pahlavi era ideology alike, emphasizing ethnic diversity & lack of centralization. But instead of 'modern #nationalism'...
I neverrrrrr allow them to use that razor blade on my feet in the shop. No ewww
You are to be commended for the information you found it should’ve been the governments job to do this investigation now that you have completed your investigation it was a waste of time no one will be going to jail no trials held business as usual
Panchayat polls: “Last year’s polls saw an abysmal turnout. But more embarrassing for the government was that 12,000 panch and sarpanch seats in the Valley — or around 60 per cent of all seats — remain vacant.”
Yeah!! Lol sorry my drawing is very bad. And ya, we only simulated the doubler last class with 1 uF capacitors and whatever specific diodes we're using and that worked I guess? And wait no resistor
I made the mistake of taking preworkout instead of coffee before studying. NO ONE TOLD ME I WAS GOING TO BE ITCHY!!!!!
Man everytime I see lil kids at the store I gotta pay it forward coz I know how it be n if they worked for that money they can keep it
She think im finna put her on the shows i be watching lol no bitch
Exactly. But she thinks it’s shit h0le Somalia. Lol the senate will reject the vote boom
Note that the power of the public secret is quite visible when he modifies his own remark about Persian consciousness/īrāniyyat: 'or so Western historians seem to suppose'. (p.9) Similar contradictions structure other historians' accounts.
The Get Down deserved way more seasons unlike some of these other stupid ass Netflix shows
Nominal doubled over last 20 years and that includes the mother of all multi year stagnations. Inflation (cpi ex qualitative adj) adds up fast Re: debt metrics they are low for a country. It’s not a state. Your blog focuses on later only
 I am so disappointed in you 75% of the time...all this fair and balanced stuff you do for ratings is not journalism.
If he’s an accomplice in the crime they can ask him about his part. If it’s just about what Trump may or may not have told him, that’s protected.
The 'Lame Excuses' From Trump Aides And Allies | Morning Joe | MSNBC LINDAY GRAHAM HAVE SOLD HE'S SOUL TO THE DEVIL!!! THIS IS GRAMMATICALLY EXACT!! HE USE TO ATTACK TRUMP AS SUCH A :""DEVIL""" """SATAN""" EXACTLY THE MINING!!!
seonghwa as alice who burned down the red queens world and became evil like her
So she can get her ass right back in the shower lol
 I received an email that stats I have until the end of today, Sept 30, to link my Blizzard account to Steam so that I can migrate Destiny 2. So I was about to do that... only to find out everything is offline until tomorrow. So I guess I don't get my characters now?
We're excited to announce an update! The first Capital City Conversation will no longer take place October 2nd, instead we're bringing together a diverse panel to discuss "Priced Out: The Fight for Affordable…
Well congratulations Nancy. You probably will lose the House and the Presidency betting on another set of lies mostly made by the most embarrassing congressman in American history. Lie, lie, lie, make it up and get on those cameras Schiff and flaunt your absurdity and stupidity.
That’s the worst part they not even gonna update it. It’s 2k17 all over again
The Grookey Gang has now added you to their shit list
"--being the stupid little brother I am, what do I do-?! I broke up with North over a c-call and- And gods- It hurt! It /hurt/ so much!! It was so painful and he sounded hurt and I wanted to hold him and take it all b-back but I just- I threw my phone away, and got myself--"
I may be young but I'm not ready back the fuck off before I tell my mom
*Old town road comes on* Me: I'm so over this fu- GONNA TAKE MY HORSE TO THE OLD TOWN ROAD
my old boss got bored during the slow szn at work last year and made these (without nutella) and ngl it slaps
It's two blocks down across from the Starbucks and Chase Bank.
Do the people making these claims understand how we came to indict Russian officers by name? Do they know the info we have and why we have it? This is ludicrous
the second a civil war breaks out is the second i completely disregard my crippling student loan debt. let’s start the fireworks.
The Mueller Report discredited the Trump-Russia Investigation. #NoCollusion Now, it's the other sides' turn. #SpyGate
investigation into the “brazen efforts by the Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton campaign to use the government of Ukraine for the express purpose of finding negative information on Trump." https://townhall.com/tipsheet/cortneyobrien/2019/09/30/gop-senators-write-barr-to-investigate-the-dncs-brazen-efforts-to-undermine-trump-n2553912?utm_source=thdailypm&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=nl_pm&newsletterad=&bcid=2187835e3558d3fc405772207fd6823a&recip=21766354 …
And yet the girls at Seneca Valley and families still have not apologized for what they did.
First off, can everyone just for  and  hard work and dedication to the sport of MMA. #legends
Pelosi opposed the impeachment movement until the Ukraine revelation, and still expresses resistance despite Trump’s innumerable crimes and antics. Her comments reveal sympathy for this criminal, if not outright affection, at a time when Trump is ruining the lives of millions.
Please tell me you'll be discussing Trump's new show out this fall, "Dancing with the Czars" where contestants from the white House try to dance around prison terms.
Yesterday made me realize I really am the girl that would eat all of your wings than to rob you while you go make a play
You're obviously confused. He is a human tornado that disrupted your world and exposed the corrupt infrastructures that have been allowed to ferment into that swamp you abide in. Do all u can to make sure Trump doesn't win 2nd term, because.....
The more pain you go through, the harder it feel and the scars that we can’t see are the hardest to heal
ED is the "god father" of my home province Midlands, he is well known there for his cruelty and unforgiving nature ask anyone from Midlands the majority of us don't like him
Oh so you’re arguing that because Pj media reported it, it didn’t happen? How many sources do you need to realize you don’t know as much as you think you do? How about New York Magazine https://www.google.com/amp/nymag.com/intelligencer/amp/2019/09/trump-whistleblowers-lawyer-once-interned-for-democrats.html … How about the Washingtonian? https://www.washingtonian.com/2019/09/24/meet-the-attorneys-representing-the-whistleblower-who-helped-launch-the-impeachment-inquiry/ …
Sad time of year... Boat winterized and tarped away for the rest of the year No more fishing and swimming and tubing and sunbathing
I’m not concerned w what she takes. It was an general comment. She was providing studies and links that had no bearing on the convo then dismissive of studies that were bc they were done on mice. There’s NOTHING personal on my end and it’s a shame that this went this direction.
WHAT THE FUCK IS A "DENTAL CONSULTATION" ILL FUCKING K/LL YOU
Ta bem distribuído por discos passa por toda a carreira Senti falta de At dawn they sleep SHOW NO MERCY - 2 HAUNTING THE CHAPEL - 1 HELL AWAITS - 1 REIGN BLOOD - 3 SOUTH OF HEAVEN - 2 SEASONS - 5 UNDISPUTED ATTITUDE - 1 GOD HATE US ALL - 2 WORLD PAINTED BLOOD - 2 REPENTLESS - 1
That's exactly what you are accusing the dems of doing. What statute does it say for them?
Trump supporters who believe that they will start a civil war if Trump is impeached reveal another fascinating consequence of their extraordinary fusion of stupidity and hubris—they grossly over state their capacities and underestimate the brooding heaviness of Governmental power
The difference between tragedy and surrealism. Shakespeare and Pirandello. We are stuck in a surrealistic nightmare without the pillow.
Enough is enough; Americans are sick and tired of this criminal  - The American People Stop the madness. #TrumpResignNow
and remembering the many lives that were sadly lost and those forever changed. For me today felt different than in years past as I’m finding it increasingly harder to accept that in the technological era we live in folx still can’t and won’t educate themselves. /3
He’s using  pictures to scam people! The whole story is being twisted
Five fantasies Donald Trump is pushing about the Ukraine scandal – and the truth The US president is facing an impeachment inquiry directly related to his relentless pursuit of malicious untruths https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2019/sep/30/trump-impeachment-five-conspiracy-theories-ukraine-dilemma …
I’m so damn tired, I don’t even feel like getting up and getting the remote off my dresserand to think I wanted to go out tonight
Oh nah if this is the case Im pulling up to Uptown. Tired of going to parties and everyone got a dancing partner but me
IM FUCJING SLEEPY OK I HATE WAKING UP EARLY SO MUCH I ALREADY HAVE A SHIT SLEEP SCHEDULE IM GONNA BE SO FUCKING TIRED ALL DAY... LIKE LITERALLY ITS ONLY TO SET UP ANOTHER APPOINTMENT TO GET MY WISDOM TEETH ACTUALLLY REMOVED LIKE WHAT IS THE POINT OF THIS
You can tell Conald is having a bad day when the cleavage increases on Fox.
 keep getting mountain error 00800 at the title screen what is going on???
He also - threatened a whistleblower with execution - said not voting for him will cause a civil war - threatened to sue Congress - conspired with the Aussies and other countries to obstruct the Mueller probe Quite a busy lad.
This is going to sound stupid, but I didn't used to get nervous hearing the jets from Nellis AFB, I live pretty close. Now I realize I get nervous when I hear lots of air activity, considering who POTUS is and what state we are in. I have no idea what they are actually doing.
I don’t think  uses the apostrophe to show possessive anymore. Think I heard this in one of his interviews or biographies. Not sure, can’t confirm.
godddd i am not ready for the EARLY ASS appointment i have tomorrow like... u fuckers sre waking me up at SEVEN FUCKING THIRTY to just LOOK IN MY MOUTH FOR 5 MINS AND THATS IT??? FUCK YOU ILL FUCKING BITE YOUR FINGERS OFF
Tuanzebe was good defensively but not too much offensively imo, but yh I was very impressed, he’s a centre back, I was going to give all the defenders 7 but then realised how many chances we conceded + the goal so hell no esp v Arsenal
Tough people covering their faces. Threatening old people is not something that makes you tough. Makes you sad. Very sad. Not what someone reading a resume wants to read.....scream profanities at elderly people, while covering my face allows me to be the real me
Looks splits villa more BB pls dnt do dat we watch BB to see originality of celeb as person in situations dat was the concept n root of BB nt their fake connection to survive nt worth BB is BB just because of its originality n roots nt lyk other shows on connections
Hope he not locked ...last he told me he moved to the south with a white bitch
There is not enough story there. Characters are different and yes the in ring work is better but it’s not a good enough selling point to the masses. I’m worried and tired just thinking of all of the stuff I have to watch all week. Maybe I’m wrong and I hope I am, maybe not though
Ill take "things you werent saying for the last 3 weeks" for 500, alex.
 has the worst customer service and a long wait just to talk to someone
Read the whole thread. This is, by far, the worst idea from the Tories.
After all the work yesterday I keep getting pains in my hand so I won’t be streaming today. Tomorrow stitches come out and let’s hope for no pain so we can come back T-T
Using the term “illegal alien” with an intent to offend is now considered unlawful discrimination, according to New York City’s Commission on Human Rights. http://www.thenexgenusa.com/nyc-human-rights-commission-says-using-term-illegal-alien-is-unlawful/ …
.  I didn’t bother to ask my 2 cohorts to do this for the 3rd year cause they bailed after 5 days!
THE MEDIOCRE CHILDREN OF ARISTOCRATS; Not only do I want to watch this limited series. I may have to write this limited series. UGH! It just sounds so delicious!!!!!!! The casting possibilities alone leave me salivating.
Yep. This is incredible. The crime by so many senior Republicans is off the hook.
TRUMP AND THE FBI DOUBLECROSSED EVERYONE | THEIR DIRTY PLAN REVEALED https://youtu.be/tFZNg8E339o via
BY the end of this sad sad saga there will be dozens of "WHISTLEBLOWERS " . There were so many bad situations with this BANANA REPUBLIC we the people need only one to get rid of the COLONEL .
I'm hooked on Episode 145: Taunting Terrors: Ruth Finley and The Poet by  on . Check out this episode. #podcasts #audiobooks #castboxhttps://castbox.fm/vb/189969241
i’m sick detroit change they lingo all the time new yorkers been saying the same shit for years
That’s just so much pressure, especially on such young minds! In Canada final exams are only 30-50% of the grade, max (or at least, that’s what it was when I was in high school a decade ago).
A woman who doesn’t want to remain pregnant after she falls pregnant, knows what it’s like to be “not pregnant.” The fact that you need to make up these fake side effects is truly pathetic.
#ImpeachmentIsComing  if you don’t jump ship now, you’re going to take the GOP down with you. Is DT worth killing the GOP. Australian PM now saying “ me too “. Giuliani subpoenaed, after admission. Pompeo and Barr begging for help. It’s over. Jump ship
uhm I think people are getting confused what the definition of homophobe is
I’m in a sort of shallow mourning. We are closing our pool for the season tomorrow. I know, I know.... #firstworldproblems , Utah https://www.instagram.com/p/B3De7IaDYqeUYAYyBvmSscRViEaUCzToU_wL-w0/?igshid=w4pejwide2aq …
This could be why there was such a delay AG Barr took to release the Mueller report. He was looking for dirt.
So Trump has his sycophants searching to discover the whistleblower's identity. By law that information is confidential to protect him/her from harm. So he recommends breaking the law. Wonder why? I suspect he wishes harm to him/her.
Yeah, the criminals in the WH can refuse a legal subpoena so, the answers should contain the following: I don't think so, gfys.
Congress is as obsolete as an Out House and with its greed and corruption smells like one. Fire every one of them and issue an in home personal secure video voting system to each citizen and allow the citizens to vote on everything as our Forefathers envisioned.
You have no plan. That's the problem with all Dems at this point. You will never be elected POTUS there are not enough people that drink your kool aid.... Your party is been heading down the path. The party of do nothing but try to pin something on Trump. The people are sick and
grabe talaga yung playlist ng isko!exo?¿ ang aga aga napasenti ako biglA STOP THE ATTACKS
I used to LOATHE working out. Now I never want to leave the gym. #mytherapy
The fact is Leviticus says God told Moses to put to death men who lay with men.
No, because men already assume that the entire world inherently revolves around them.
This particular recipe for Conspiracy Against the United States and Treason does contain ample amounts of Gorka.
I’ve stated my solution(s) ad nauseam both on here, and in my articles over the past few months. I don’t have enough characters, but minor things like not re-signing 28, not giving, 20 a 2-year deal, and not trying to sell people on a largely useless 17 would have been a start.
DANCE WITH THE DEAD - Get Out https://youtu.be/2E9-rDplPrM via
60 % #economy on electrical consumption ! The Led lighting industry was able to do it! No other sector was able to dream of it! More details: https://blog.nema.org/2019/08/27/lighting-leads-21st-century-reduction-in-use-of-electricity-in-residential-and-commercial-buildings/ …
Bra #realtalk PENALTIES is the reason we our losing like this with a sprinkle of Matt Ryan throwing INT’s
But I really just wasted so many years of my life doing nothing. I would love to just go back in time and tell my younger self that I have to do the things I love and that I shouldn't pleased everybody all the time :(
No problem, the roots will just have to be methodically pulled. A lot of time and work, but worth it.
Accidentally grabbed the wrong color at Sally’s and now my hair is RED red I’m so upset
The meal but he supposes he should stop firing questions at her like bullets. It will give her time to return fire if she so desires.
 plz play like you will gonna die if u lose the match,show all ur experience and skills in this fatal important match,we trust in you.dont miss the goal and score in every single attack. the glory is blue
19 DAYS TILL #GHOE2019 #GASCLUB x #JASCITY x #DAMNRIGHT THE ULTIMATE EXPERIENCE 10/20: SHUT UP AND DRINK (GHOE KICKOFF PREGAME) 10/20: NO FACE NO CASE (REVERSE PARTY) 10/21: AFTER DARK (PAMJAMA PREDAWN) 10/22: 2$TUESDAY http://POWER2K19.EVENTBRITE.COM
While walking through the petrified forest, I find the only red pine cone. #redpinecone #tjweller  Forest of the Black Hills https://www.instagram.com/p/B3De7LlgvxiRRLNQdECvR5L09w6Fti5-576pPU0/?igshid=929z2f5whbdr …
K, when did the GOP speaker call for impeachment inquiries on Obama? What's your point here anyway? I'm talking about this piece of information; a sworn testimony by the former Ukrainian prosecutor who says why he was fired from his position:
You are the most senseless person in the comment section. Just because you hate someone doesn’t mean your head should be empty on everything that concerns him/her.
Not sure that has to do with her being a liberal. You know if she's was a Republican it be all over the news. Twitter doesn't count. As the majority of Americans don't use Twitter
También debo ser del 1% que nunca vio Game of Thrones ni The Walking Dead.
Am I the only one that damn near go deaf when I’m mad?
Question: Can the brain remember what pain "felt" like. I think we can recall thinking "this is terrible" but can we recall how it actually felt? When I'm hit with a wave of depression- even moderate-I am always stunned just how horrible it is & it freaks me out. #SickNotWeak
what’s the worst disney movie you’ve ever watched??
I'm afraid this is the pace we'll be living at for the foreseeable future, Dems have to expand the impeachment investigation and Trump and his crime gang will be ramping up the craziness
Once upon a time I walked a dog for three miles to get cat food for another girl. and in the end... either on of those bitches put out!!!!
According to a 7-day satellite loop, this disturbance is the remnants of former tropical storm “Karen”. But NHC has not included that in the outlook. Maybe not directly related, but it has some of Karen’s DNA.
i hate that i notice when the littlest things change
This is the triple border the Tory proposals would create - it reads like a list of the worst things that happened in the troubles
unless you know what it's like to live with all these scars one can inflict to itself, shut the hell up about what should be covered or not and even if u do, its not your business what others want to show or not
IM SO NERVOUS I FEEL THE ADRENALINE SHOOTING TO MY FINGERS AND TOES
To the straight men that follow me, don’t talk about how you need a girlfriend one minute and the next start tweeting some rapey ass shit. I think that’s where your problem is.
Why every time I check my phone to squad up it’s freezes or quits the app
This is where we failed in the #MeToo Movement...deep breathe Bryan.
I love wearing expensive things, I know it’s bad because life is hard and there are people out there dying of hunger but.. but.. I am a baby.
No, Ken Starr had her locked up. She was never called as a witness in the impeachment trial.
Nah not born , they just made the games around your mold
As a Jew I can say if I’ve worked with them they’ve kept but this girls putting it out there. Once again there’s disagreements on things then there’s “oh I think your unnatural and wrong and gross” that’s intolerance and it’s not for the victims of intolerance to be tolerant
Why would Deal or no deal compare to Conservative MPs who voted against the government to give power to the opposition, the surrender bill
Go on. Get the maximum spice level. You have Nueces Original to put the fire out. On tap at BKK!!  #corpuschristi #thaifood #craftbeer #nuecesbrewing #downtowncorpuschristi #greatbeerbrewedhere @…
  Im doing the Halloween quests but im not getting prizes, are there prizes?
I want MIL to win, but having to go up against Scherzer and possibly Strasburg. BRUTAL. In a one game scenario I’ll always side with the pitching.
Girl who claimed white classmates cut her dreadlocks admits she made the story up, school says https://abc7.com/girl-12-admits-she-lied-about-classmates-cutting-her-dreadlocks/5579202/?ex_cid=TA_KABC_FB&utm_campaign=trueAnthem%3A+Trending+Content&utm_content=5d92820fb1a00400017b5aaf&utm_medium=trueAnthem&utm_source=facebook …
Fireworks and some more shit. Barr, you might as well call the movers, coz this is some career ending shit. https://www.msn.com/en-us/news/politics/late-day-bombshells-erupt-as-trump-impeachment-inquiry-gets-underway/ar-AAI4JnC …
I'd argue that he is likely the worst dead human as well.
i’m not fucking kidding if i don’t swallow oomfs dick w h o l e by the end of this year.,,.. the Void will take me
Ya I know I saw it, but that wasn't a paraphrase that wasn't even a short summary. That was made up bologna, that was nowhere to be found in the transcript in any shape or form. So that was Schiff putting his own lying words & deceptive thoughts into it.
Hey Rudy & Anons - Under what conditions can & should the FCC pull licenses of TV affiliates?? Who owns the airways? Anyone know????? ........................................ Is there such a thing as lying to the public??????
the gop is so corrupt and incompetent they almost make the dems looks good.... almost
I WAS LIEK WHAT THE FUCK IS MAKING NOISE OUTSIDE ITS 3 AM AND THEN I REALIZED oh its raining
But it wasn’t her ground to stand. If the victim would’ve ended up shooting her ass dead would the jury be considering this doctrine?
I feel like a broken record, but here's the VoD for my 100% N64 WR!!
How Does the Supply of Homes for Sale Impact Buyer Demand? https://www.simplifyingthemarket.com/en/2019/09/30/how-does-the-supply-of-homes-for-sale-impact-buyer-demand-2/?a=432580-ee939f318c510bfe525e7583a0c70969 …
Automatic weapons are banned in Canada but assault style weapons like the AR 15 is not but it should be!! As a Canadian citizen I don’t believe that any Canadian should be allowed to own these type of firearms
there's some of it on my TL, the New York Times put out an article claiming that trump is pressuring Australia to discredit Mueller, they're all freaking out lol
He's a coward for not indicting Donald & complicit for allowing Barr to control the narrative. Shame on him!
My dear it is not the “left” that can get him to do this - it’s being on the right side of history that can get him to do this. There is no left and right in this - it’s just good versus evil - truth versus lies - and right versus wrong.
 Trump has no ethics & you know it. You make yourself look so bad defending the indefensible. Why are Dems are so worried about impeachment. There is no comparison between a BJ and extortion and corruption. You’ve proven yourself to complicit is this debacle . Shame
The most hated people in the free world right now are those three losers, where are the police or bystanders when this went on, grow some balls and stand up for people who can’t, another national disgrace.
Bitch I’m in a dress shirt and sweat pants because my phone wouldn’t activate and the store closed in 15 minutes right?! I’m bouta turn in the parking lot and my shit suddenly works............k
Every year around this time, it’s always the fucking same with me. I just want to forget. It’s not fair
Guys! GTS Fail in a Jail is this week!  has amazing matches setup including:  v  v (c) in a Triple threat old school cage match for the GTS Title  vs  for both Youtube and US Title And much more!
After dealing with a pretty bad breakup in 2017. I didnt feel needed or wanted. I started selling LuLaRoe to help get more money in the house as we were struggling. Then in the course of 2018, my dad lost his job, and we lost our cat Chardenay
This is too close to home and saddens me. I hope the offender is found and held responsible.
Wait a minute, it's a date not a marriage! A kiss on the cheek will do. When you use sex at the end of a date in the same manner as a handshake, you don't/can't make love. You only make a mess.
#Resist/ #Resistance is extremist, and anybody who uses it is acting in bad faith. It implies not only illegitimacy and totalitarianism by the Trump administration but also that attempts should be made to “resist” it rather than work with it. Awful for democracy and for discourse.
It might be an issue, and it might not. People have been saying that technological progress will kill jobs since before the invention of the printing press. So far there haven't been fewer jobs, they're just different jobs. Worth watching, but more in terms of adjusting training.
i’m so sorry to all my mutuals bc i’ve been so ia the past month or so. i’ve been so busy with school and i’ve been stressed but i’m trying to just come in and say hi when i can
Congresswoman, Our Nation already recognized this chicanery. The entire fiasco is nothing but an extension of the DEM/Deep-State "Insurance Policy", "Civil coup d'état". Round these conspirators up, remove them from appointments/offices and incarcerate the entire lot. MAGA
We can sure of one thing. The next GOP nominee for POTUS will be worse than Donald Trump.
Evil Fascits Antifa. This is powered by alt left Democrats. They are terrorist with the intention to scare us into getting rid of out liberty. Time to fight back.
The tragedy of the commons but instead lf arable farm land it's Juul pods.
yeah... "Barr met foreign Intel" didn't come across my radar. I'm going to go ahead and just worry about nukes for the rest of the night.
omg I thought he died with the way you guys started off this tweet
Ah that's cool. If you ever blow up or something (I do believe in you) then be smart about choices you make and read the contracts thoroughly. Lot's of fucked up shit going on in the music industry.
I understand this is a child, but this is also disappointing. I hate it b/c it makes it that much more difficult for those who are fighting these battles to be believed. Sorry for the accused as well.
Today’s GOP at work. Steal as much as they can, sell the USA to our enemies at a bargain price.
The flu is super weird this year. One person's kid just had bone deep fatigue and had both influenza a and b. My wife had a high fever for a week, coughing until she threw up, but not the normal aches. Basically, a fucking crap shoot.
We all agree that White nationalists are immoral dregs on society. When she turns around and says the Jesus is an Arab and Ethiopia was the first to institute Christianity as its state religion, she’s being a complete fool, which describes a lot of young “conservatives.”
Let’s list lawyers: Shiff Bill Hillary Barry Michelle Biden Kerry Pelosi And the list goes on and on.... nobody in jail...lawyers are above the law...it’s why we put Trump in office and why all this bullshit is happening. It’s simple! Stop being led!
What? Can a father not be jailed for contravening the same orders? Why would the family court conduct murder trials?
my mind still hasn’t fully wrapped around this.. still getting thru the initial shock + guilt of the love they have for us.. pls the way i’ve seen so many edits/aus of bts being vloggers and for the way it’s a REALITY now.. no more words.
Defense team can miss me with the tired after working long shift BS. She needs to be in prison.
Found through  . It made me forget about my miserable life and even though fairly predictable on the ending, it’s decent story that I wanted to read 4/5.
Sexual images are becoming more of a worry for those of us with children who use social media platforms. Facebook would better serve the public by censoring this kind of content http://bit.ly/2ngbFAl
“A stunning & brazen act by the DemocRats“ #Impeachment HOAX #VoteDemsOut #KAG
No actually it was proven they did nothing wrong by the Ukrainian government. Stop lying to people....
And they should be because it’s nobody’s damn business.
“To me, I think what we need is restraint here...”  &  debate where the blame lies in Evander Kane's ejection on  #ThatsHockey http://fw.to/we1MzAJ #TSNHockey
My blue checkmark has nothing to do with your idiocy. Big Ben had a 1.8 (out of 10) accuracy rating in week 1. The next lowest in the entire league for any week is a 2.2. 19 of 47 passes uncatchable. 1 drop.
Ooouuuuu you fucking with a trap nigga i break the rules... that pussy wet i feel like i jumped out da pool
Won't surprise me if Pompeo was the source. He wants the war with Iran.
When you're stuck in traffic for so long, sitting between two big people and the sun burning my skin.... #haggard #Sunburn #NagupiNaAngPaaKo
how you the plug but can’t drive/ain’t got no car mf you the outlet, can’t go no damn where. all this damn gas money w NO TYPE of mobilization.
i need to get fucked up this week, its homecoming! a bitch has been stressing over bs, staying in my room all the time & not living my life to the fullest...
When they say their body their choice they mean that they don’t want to get fat from being pregnant. The choice they are making is to not gain the baby weight. It’s in the name of vanity.
I will give you the whole blunt if my shit come back wet. That shit blows me.
I want the intimacy of having someone blow into your eye when you get an eyelash stuck in it. . . holding your eye open. . the awkward eye contact as they look into yours to see where it is. . you're holding your breath for some reason. . . their lips so close to your face. . .
Because of a language, two different words and different meanings: "Jews" and "Gentiles." Error of language? How could one group not be the same as the other? Man and woman the same? No difference of ethnic groups? Differences.
Hey Hillary you know we use the electoral college & you LOST. You aren’t the President deal with it. Chelsea hope your mom deal with the truth..for the country. Isn’t corruption your middle name?!
No, they don’t get to do that. They can continue to follow the Pied Piper off the cliff
The measure could affect the family of the worker killed in the tragedy of Ezeiza https://www.en24.news/2019/09/the-measure-could-affect-the-family-of-the-worker-killed-in-the-tragedy-of-ezeiza.html …
//: That’s the issue. I don’t even feel welcome anymore because of my ship preferences and because people make fun of it. I’m at the point where if people can’t just block and move on, I may just leave. Because it makes me really uncomfortable and I feel hated tbh
his base still is not swaying.. that's just the mind boggling part. Either we have alot of stupid people here or.. Nah, we just have alot of stupid people here.
People wanting affection─ Gag the Astral with a spoon.
Speaking in my capacity as a dirty old man--I like the spectacle
If he made disparaging comments about my parents’ college football team, that’s the only way they’d turn against him. And even then, it’s iffy.
Oh I did that was part of the deal t made w/ republiCONs that he cld do what he wanted NEVER divest & republiCONs cld tend to their kkk agendas & stuff their pockets as well. Cost us OVER $220M for ts 11yr kid to live in t towerJan-June & t pocketed some of that $. MT steals too
name: måne. from: y’all know. language: mainly italian and english. height: 172cm. birth month: *. sign: libra. sexuality: bi ig. piercing: 3 on one lobe and 2 on the other. pets: two dogs, two cats, a hedgehog and a bunny. rules: if you see this, just steal it and answer.
Trump is actively trying to find the identity of the whistleblower! Why would he do this???? Because he’s innocent? No. He wants to stop that person from doing their patriotic duty. Their life is at danger, if not from him directly, from his cult-like base.
Of course no woman ever said exactly that! But.. we WERE misled into working outside the house. They just wanted the taxes off our earnings! That was the plan, all along! Paying others to raise our own children has put us in this effed up situation we now call humanity!
Throw the ball Kirk! Stopped getting sacked! Roll out! Evade the pressure!
I've often said if I walked by a twin I didn't know about, I'd still have no idea and I'd likely walk right past with no idea we looked the same.
The revelation that the State Dept’s top official was on the call adds a new dimension to the scandal, which last week led the House to launch a formal impeachment inquiry. At the very least, Pompeo knew Trump was pushing Ukraine to dig up dirt on one of his political opponents
Councils are like petty dictators - they are historically inept. This is a larger problem that needs national coordination from Geosciences Australia - a body that actually knows the topography of the land and the lay of the artesian basins.
phonesex with only breezeblocks seperating u and every fucker else in the flat is TOUGH
Your whole argument is gaslighting. Yang himself has straight up said that his VAT tax is a regressive tax, and the only thing that makes it NOT regressive in his eyes is that it's paired with UBI. You are trying to argue that EVEN IN A VACCUM VAT is not regressive--that is a lie
Another life just lost in #California. #POTUS, please end the suffering. #BackfireTrump
Word has it the photographer was suppose to shoot them
All lies.....you are an enemy of the US Constitution.
WHAT THE FUCK WHY DID NO ONE TELL ME THAT HEECHUL ACTUALLY KISSED SUNGMIN AND SIWON??!? I HAD TO FIND THAT OUT THRU INSTAGRAM ELFs
If yaaaaa smellllll  The Jabroni beating , eye brow raising is finally Back
Feeling a bit weary after the #weekend? The last thing you need to do is go home and #cook... so don't!
It's been almost a year since my grandmother passed away and I still forget she's gone and have the urge to call her
I can't get over how awful the #playlikeanewyorker hashtag is
Oh yeah...Organic Vegan protein powder! What more could you ask for? How about this: The completely reinvented Vegan Shake is organically certifiable. Every scoop of Vegan Shake delivers 22 grams of high-quality...
It was really hard to choose-Juan & Chris lead the pack-but Sheppy is a contender too!
This shit still happening in 2019????? That's murder in the second degree as far as I'm concerned.
..2 virtually zero and something the mother should have taken into account when have unsafe sex (we are of course not talking about abortion in relation to rape). As for the father, the argument that the mother carries the baby does not confer her the right to kill it because..3
my only complaint was when they said something about not liking 4 songs at the same time because they’re only missing 6 songs....when there’s actually 11 more songs gotta at least do the research
When you try to run from the beating and suddenly you hear the Piano in the background.
She never had objectivity. She’s been a regime mark for decades now. Feeding the myth of moderation in western media while the regime continues its domestic reign of terror and pursues the expansionist policy of the export of its extremist revolution through sectarian terrorism.
The only way Gruden goes is if Davis is forced to sell the team for some reason. Other than that I think he’s there until year 7 at the earliest.
Gorka lining up to get in a cell with the rest of the criminals
I think the two main reasons for this are firstly, fighting games are almost always 1-on-1 competition, there's no teamplay or varying stats involved outside of character matchups, and the burden of winning and losing is entirely on each individual player.
Basically sperm is the main source for how the kid is created. I was going to explain further but then I just got uncomfortable
really weird how people don’t see this for the obvious two-way street that it is
Yeah these dumb pussyholes need to understand he was born in a different country and culture. So his perspective on things will be different to others plus he’s religious too, and fuck them dumb pricks. Sorry for the cursing lol.
Considering it’s been maybe 2 years between Revelation and Singularity, totally plausible. Buuuuut they’d either have to film in H2A (which would mean no Carolina and Caboose would be back to Mk 6) or greenscreen the Sangheili in
 Ask a biased question...get a biased answer. Q: “to reduce the risk of an outbreak a bill has been proposed…Do you favor/oppose this bill?” MarketResearch101: never use leading, loaded, double barreled questions.  should know better https://tinyurl.com/UCBdata
i should've known it the day we met, that shit is worse than a hit and run
long the song has been out. We all know someone who has been impacted by suicide, one way or another. Someone who has tread that line whether they're ready to do so or to continue holding on. You never know what someone is going through in their lives, how much pain they're in.
New from : Trump is running out of time and opportunities on a resolution to the China trade war, especially as impeachment heats up https://iowastartingline.com/2019/09/30/trump-considers-upping-trade-dispute-as-congressional-deadlines-loom/ …
He doesn’t care !!! He wants to put him/her in jeopardy, so he can’t testify against him!!! How stupid does he think we are???? Please get his testimony quickly and get him into the witness protection program!!!
I’m starting to get used to this, I think I like it. Fuck that , Ima keep all the lights on. Ima just chill out, wait for her to say some shit.
You ever remember the mess they made un PCap’s last season? The disrespect...
Y'all really gonna let people spam guesses, and then not even give the first people to call a spot the win? Bad contest.
Woman arrested, accused of speeding when she hit and killed 14-year-old boy https://www.fox5atlanta.com/video/610313 ! NEPHEW!May YOUR SOUL BE Forgiven! You made the decision to speed in a 30MPH RECREATIONAL ZONE and Your Car was the WEAPON,YOU'RE GUILTY,because you were CONSCIOUS! Georgia NEXT!
I have made the conclusion that I’m officially a dumb fuck
< my thoughts out loud > I can’t wait until this Orange Oxygen Thief gets criminal charges w/ impeachment..Matt will move on to stalk the old white privileged dude. < relaxing > No worries natural selection
Here we go: -At all? Yesterday. - three months ago - Not to my knowledge. - Thursday. - The most? Five. - R - M - Been asked a few times, but no. - Chris - Nope. - Not in any weird sense, but yeah. - Sorry, but not likely right now. Same old. Drop an emote for the questions.
Keep telling yourself that Michelle. A policy to steal dividend income from shareholders is not a policy at all! The only ignorant voters were those who voted  #FrankingCredits
lmaooo. i be patting my head & ill have my airpod in my ear, shit be hanging on ppl or changing the song. like do i be patting that hard.
this would be why I am now a medical cannabis patient because my BPD/panic disorder/anxiety disorder are Bitches from the very depths of the firiest pits of the Underworld.
Hillary you sound like a shrill, I supported you for many years & you are a fraud, dishonest & a major hypocrite; You threatened that PDT would not accept the election & all you have done is complain, blame & look for excuses since you LOST; Accept it, You will never be President
The Trump-Russia thing has literally been called "The Crime of the Century." That idea that it would somehow be improper for an AG to look into it is ridiculous.
I get they’re all bad but the priority needs to be to different
I get some of the latest notifications from Twitter on some nonsense
There’s no logic in observing that some people are liars and then concluding that there’s no such thing as truth. There is one God, and one mediator between God and mankind, the man Christ Jesus. 1 Tim 2:5
“The gun show” at volcano bay. What a day.  #volcanobay
poor show mark. There is a wee Star Wars fan in the picture. Principles before personality. SMH
Dawg I'm still a lil half sleep from my nap assum cause I didn't see the concert after reading it over and over and thought these niggas ran a train on you
My twitter brand is the second I get off my phone and I’m not sure
It’s sick that the average median is truly that low.
ai no desespero pra procurar o contato nao lembra como salvou pq mudou o nome varias vezes kkkkkk
Alex Jones Report ON What Will Defeat the Dems/Deep-State in 2020 - Brighteon http://disq.us/t/3im8zxb
/crosses fingers and toes that my wifi will come back today i’m tired!! of not having the spoons to write because of no internet!!
I guess you can never trust anybody in the world they’re all back stabbers
Lil B said you ain’t really in the game till you made 1000 songs. You must for vaults of shit for the past 10years
This is misleading. Both Garcia and Porter were established, known names/champions at the time of their fights. Of course it was gonna do well on PPV.
In such iconic project, if the roof was so flammable, it was not because of cost cutting or budget constrains. I fear it was worse.
Just finished S03E08 in my #FearTWD rewatch. The finale to that episode is still one of the most defining moments in all of Walking Dead for me. Madison Clark is one of the toughest characters on television-- not just female characters, but characters, period.
Can the left really be this dim? No, it's more likely part of an orchestrated preemptive propaganda strike before Durham hands down indictments of the antiTrump cabal for coup-related crimes.
Candy corn, peeps and licorice the worst tasting shit i done ever put in my mouf
The worst part about waking up to your alarm on Monday morning is realizing you have to do it 4 more times in a row
Hey Mark Hamill, The Trump Presidency is a hell of a lot more entertaining than what you put on the screen in The Last Jedi. So.....there. #Trump2020Landslide
The most significant in this regard is to reflect all these principles into real deeds !! Words alone wouldn't be enough to settle problems !!
I'll still take #WengerOut over #EmeryOut we suffered the last chapters of Wenger's reign.
I thought I grew out my hair from the awkward length till I actually reached the awkward length. fml
Did they get the book? That's where most new players get lost, I think
Watermelons used to taste awful. The fruits, which are... #didyouknow
she meant it bc i think cc didnt call a black person the n word directly¿ but it still sounds dumb cause literally no one cares so much to cancell her for THAT reason
...thought he was the most evil looking athlete I'd ever seen, until I saw Mitroglou who literally looks like Beelzebub
Covered by the determination of plenary (limitless, unlimited) power. Power not limited by the fact that liberals feel that it is personal private and political. Liberals hate the constitution.
I agree. I just never answer anymore. I clearly state no DM. That I am here to discuss the broader issues. Think there are a lot of scams involved. Initially thought I had to be polite. Nope, now I just ignore them
I didn't hear anything else about it, so my guess is it was a domestic situation with a firearm involved, and domestic calls are some of the most dangerous for LEO's and they can escalate fast. So, they probably locked down a radius within neighborhood in case it went FUBAR.
Ah yes, your lord and savior Q has a master plan. Another Jade Helm but you gullible types can't quit drinking the kool aid. https://taskandpurpose.com/jade-helm-conspiracy-russian-bots …
 thought the #BirdsOfPrey poster was missing something so I fixed it
#ADOS goal is not truth or education. If you notice, they say uneducated and wrong things that can be done easily researched. I have come to the conclusion that #ADOS goal is to distract you, or worse yet, cause chaos, dissension...
life is cruel in the way it makes you so openly, excruciatingly alone
You said it implies "there is something about other girls that makes this hypothetical guy uninterested" as if thats a bad thing. Can you find anything wrong with what I wrote in the last comment if you can't then it proves context is needed, that statement isnt inheritly bad
As seen in the multiple videos and images, the fire spread quickly along the roof of the station and reached a very large size. The ceiling of the station seemed to include perforated panels made of some sort of polymer sheet (see signs of melting).
I just did Me : Okay bye am sleeping Her :Bye sleep tight Me :...end the call ... Her: no you end it .. Me : I wont end it ..you end it
Jeffries is a useful idiot. If he advocates for a civil war he should be removed from the pulpit.
Ugh I told my bf we needed to talk that way when he came home he’d look for me and I’d pop out the closet to scare him
I updated my feelings on the game from "wildly" overpriced to "mildly". I still think it has a bit of a Nintendo/Zelda tax on it, but I think most fans probably won't feel much buyers remorse.
And that’s why so many attorneys are retiring out of public defense work. In counties like my jurisdiction, whole batches of attorneys WILL NOT practice here and the number of murder qualified attorneys is very small, and most of those are set to retire in the next decade
Stuck between wanting to have kids and not at the same time due to how fucked this world is
The only reason they say it’s corrupt though is because the CIA didn’t tell the Trump campaign to ignore the Russians approaching them. They do surveillance, it’s not on them to warn trump not to collude.
Perhaps an unpopular opinion, but jump scares are cheap and overrated. It's easy to startle someone, but true horror moments mess with your mind, and linger long after the moment has passed.
The demand for hate crimes far exceeds the supply, thus more must be manufactured.
White Americans are dumb asf and they’ve proved it in the comments
Fire in the Haramain high-speed rail station in Jeddah: Hope there are no fatalities... I do not read Arabic so I wait for the international media to cover the fire.
People need to start getting criminally charged and locked up. This was a soft #CoupAttempt Aided by the weaponized #FBI #DOJ and mainstream media.
And what’s worse is, it hits a point where it’s not worth the effort of litigating these mistakes, where I literally lose money having to fight these battles
I SWEAR on my life let me find out one of you bitches is talking about my gay brother I really will knock you the fuck out I promise.
Hiding in plain site... Nobody in the media is looking!!!!!
McConnell gleefully boasted about not passing any legislation and you tweeted you refused to work while being impeached (unlike B Clinton who worked tirelessly to show he was up to the job).
"hurt him again and I'll use your intestines to decorate my Christmas tree." he glares at the assassin before slowly, angrily, placing the phone to his ear. "Vader."
Our Intel community? What is that the CIA FBI NSA? We know they're into torture and other crimes. Americans don't like CIA coups to fuel the profiteering on Wall Street at our expense, and neither should you. Not saying Trump isn't a scumbag, but go after the war crimes or shutup
She wanted to fight us. Didn’t she drop everybody the fck off
Nail those bastards to the wall, sir! #DrainTheSwamp #MAGA #KAG
He's saying this because he knows that with no agreement in place the EU (Ireland) will be obliged to impose one. "No I didn't make there be a border, YOU made there be a border" like a toddler throwing a public tantrum, knowing there is no reasonable way out for a grown-up.
I have a lot of coffins to do right now so I can’t take anymore trades or work at the moment I’m sorry
This is unbelievably irresponsible of you! Pastor  said “If the Democrats are successful in removing the President from office (which they will never be), it will cause a Civil War like fracture in this Nation...”. He didn’t say anything about actual war. Facts!
I agree... so much information and research done prior to Trump taking office... His followers know so much but the deep state continues to ignore because it involves so man you them. far beyond what we can imagine
I think Hugh has lost his fastball. Its hard to know whens the right time to retire. Hopefully you dont wait too long and destroy your legacy like Hugh.
Remember when Trump lied about the SIZE OF THE FUCKING CROWD at his Inauguration and then he read from a teleprompter in front of Congress and everyone in the media forgot all about it and gushed about how "presidential" he was? Thanks for normalizing his shit. from day one.
Do you find Breaking Bad doesn't hold up as well upon rewatch? Unlike a Mad Men, The Wire or Sopranos, so much of Breaking Bad was "How will Walt & Jesse get out this situation? Tune in next week". I enjoy the show but I'm noticing a contrivedness I didn't before.
Well theres that yellow X I was talking about, and theres actually 2 of them! I did see the EURO showing probabilities on the right X, but wasnt mentioning it because it was so low chances.
I hate absolutely hate when people just say “here give me the baby “and walks away with him, I love when people ask “may I hold him may I go show so and so to him” ! HES MY SON
A historian explains why the Republican Party is dead https://www.rawstory.com/2019/09/a-historian-explains-why-the-republican-party-is-dead/ … #tuckfrump
Has ANYONE really tried to get an audit on the famous McCain Institute's contributors. The law says it should be public. Why is everyone afraid to demand to see it.
You’re getting hysterical again. The Commons is elected and doesn’t need to be elected again until 2022.
For a state with 15 military bases, Mac Thornberry (top R on Armed Services) retiring is a big deal. Forget the politics for a moment, for decades Texas has had a guy in the middle of every important military spending issue https://www.houstonchronicle.com/news/politics/texas/article/Longest-serving-Texas-Republican-is-quitting-14481218.php …
Check out what I just added to my closet on Poshmark: Stila Eyes are the Window Shake Palette .  via  #shopmycloset
Him: Dr Boyce is worthless, he just talks. Black people someone to give solutions to our problems! Me: My masters degree is in mathematics and I taught Calculus at The University of Kentucky. Mathematicians are very good at solving problems. #DoYourHomework #chillout
Like yeah the comic is pretty out there but folks using it as a platform to shit on ace people has really got me at my limit
Oh look. It is the chick who was the literal DNC contractor who orchestrated foreign interference in our elections the Ukraine to manufacture dirt on Manafort, Trump etc. You know, the one tied to the Atlantic counsel. You sound a little nervous.
That whole "stop texting first and see what happens" bullshit is for the birds. We're all busy, we all have lives. Just because you don't hear from people everyday doesn't mean they don't care about your wellbeing. Quit being petty and ruining friendships because of your pride.
On the eve of Inktober 2019, I still have no idea what I'll be doing.
#ImpeachmentIsComing oh it is not. Why can't we all focus on what's important...like stopping the neighborhood hoodlums from throwing acorns at the squirrels and making faces at my cats...they don't like that.
Italy, the UK and Australia all participated in efforts to spy on Trump Campaign. Ukraine is home of Crowdstrike and where DNC server that was never examined by FBI resides. Barr needs to talk to those countries to determine origin of Russia conspiracy claim.
I should note I don’t, at all, blame the individual employee for this. It’s just that when an entire agency is in chaos, it’s really hard to get little billing details like that right
life gets hard and it gets messed up when you give so much and it's not enough the highs too high the lows too low when you love someone and t(he)y let you go
⤷Writer is an editor, video gamer, /OC/creator, and experienced Rper. ⤷ Adores the lore of the classic original Resident Evil to have enough knowledge of the series.
Gratefully, two new folks to connect to!!  STILL not a follower!! PRETTY PLEASE Alyssa??? With sugar on it????
Again, you're going nowhere fast and should honestly drop out. But seeing as your ONLY purpose in the race is to force second round voting, you earn that paycheck lol. No, I'm passionate about the fact the system you created leaves the poor to die and in bankruptcy.
It’s so disappointing to learn the ICIG is corrupt too. Not surprising though. #Swamp
THE JUDGE is letting AMBER-GUYGER use ''STAND YOUR-GROUND'' for her ''DEFENCE'' in a ''BLACKMAN'' own apartment where she was tired of him disrespecting her complaint on turning down his music. AMBER-GUYGER killed the ''BLACKMAN'' !
We The People ARE soooooo OVER. THE. TARGET. Journalism, once known as the the free press, are dying a slow, painful, agonizing death. Yes America, Journalism is Dead.
Sometimes this world starts breaking me down I get so lost I think I'll never be found And there are moments of fear and doubt Even the best fall to the ground
Rutgers university : Propaganda and lies against Hindus by Rutgers assistant professor - Sign the Petition! http://chng.it/9ZM4st5s via
Me: BITCHHHH, witchu say ? I'm so fuckn agg but he kno I hate it when ppl call me short I'm tall asf (5'2) him: fuck u .. so we get back to the dorm etc and
 Ok, if we can’t see the fight, will they at least release their sex tape?
Amen !!! Her buddy the Devil May not be pleased. She sold her soul long ago...
I don't want to replace all the humans who are here, I want to dramatically decrease the total number, at least until we can stop being so terrible to ourselves and the planet. I don't like the meme of humans being an infestation, but we're kinda taking over and making a mess.
Sissoko! Will put in a shift. Aurier is nuts and the other two are too inexperienced and not ready.
The media has Warren spots on an uptick... Sane Dems with a buck in their pocket will run for the hills leaving Dems with broke, young, crazy, far left loons and no money.
What does she mean a "political set up"? No one made Trump make these calls so he could try to knock Biden off the Election. He set himself up. She's the daughter of the man who took us to war so his company, Halliburton, could make $$$Billions at the expense of soldiers' lives!
"Red's the color of a hero, so there's no need to be scared." [Ayano no Koufuku Riron, Jin]
Gigi's the only one who can post a pic with a deep caption that has no correlation go the picture and still be iconic
Well you can call a meeting about infrastructure, immigration, pick something to work on besides attacking the dems and the legit whistleblower
all the crazy shit I did tonight those will be the best memories
(he doesn't miss a beat.) I've missed /you./ (because really, home isn't a place. home isn't these mountains or the cold whispering breeze. he's spent his whole life running, and no one place was ever home. home is here. now. between them. and he'll never let go again.)
This hose to show that her up bringing is to blame her parents probably put her up to it to get in the lime light. I get sick of seeing kids put up and coached to do this bs. Racism is taught by the parents no matter there color it starts and ends there
I'll using two TVs watching RAW and Monday night football, hopefully the Steelers defense kick ass and go crazy tonight #RAW
“[Self-centered thinking] is perversion, or Jesus wouldn’t have made the prerequisite for following Him denying yourself.” #danmohler
It’s last showing of IllumiNations tonight and I’m only just seated at restaurant I am scared (tm) of missing the show.
#diverted #stranded #AmericanAirlines. Diverted to a different country in the wrong continent due to mechanical failure and now a 24 hour delay with no information throughout. Can you make this right
Game on. . Seeing that fathering doesn’t stop, I may as well keep on a jersey and stay in the game. . . #parenting #fatherhood #fathers #dads #dadsifinstagram #fathersofinstagram #dcbloggers #blackfathers…
“not being more careful” And I just looked her dead in the eye and said “my mom and dad are in the next room, go ahead”
Tell Pèpè to ignore the hate from our so called fans, some of us knows he'll come good because of immense talent
Glad we're cool with the whole murder thing on liberal Twitter
 Who ever that was on 1 of ur shows today saying there is no evidence against  is full of CHIT! He admitted it on TV! If u don’t fire the prosecutor that’s investigating my son u won’t get the USA 1 billion $. Now he’s threatening you about  #WakeUp
No to commercial surrogacy. A blanket no to all surrogacy, I don't agree. You can't sell your organs but you can donate them. I feel the same way towards surrogacy.
When the Lannister family seems less corrupt, less criminal, less destructive, and less incestual than the Trump crime syndicate, #impeachmentIsComing
 The phlegm "could" be linked to the bronchitis type of syndrome If your lung is inflamed due to toxic particles we breathed from chemtrails, it creates excess mucus in your respiratory bronchiole it gives you the congestion & phlegm https://twitter.com/An0nTruther_/status/1137536952243113986/photo/1
Was it no david cameron was the one that shagged pigs?
on #tiorradio3 Dead And Gone by The Dead Daisies  via  on http://bit.ly/2YwumfW
I have been asking for this for so long and never get a response. Please     somebody update the Saturdays with Sauce feed for iTunes (and subsequently all the other apps it feeds to from there)
He did not I’ve known mobsters you sounded just like one when you said that to the president of Ukraine. You need to resign and get Pence to pardon you. We the people will want to see you prosecuted & thrown prison just like Gotti.
 Hello Governor Newsom. I have low regard for California and your family cabal. However, the law you signed to pay college athletes a fee commensurate with the value of their contribution to their colleges is to be praised. Now, back to the less than civil cold war.
No. I've been assured they left the office with it 15 mins ago. So they're traveling from Silver Lake to Long Beach which is an hour no traffic on a Monday afternoon during rush hour. Copy THAT.
 Care to comment on this incident? I ask because you recently accused Max Bernier of hate and division. Who seems more hateful to you - him or the protesters?
I’m sick this airport is so small the same people that checked me in are the same people that let us on the plane and them same niggas are also guiding the plane to the runway
They don't care what he does. All that matters is he hates the same people they do.
“Sorry mate, advised not to leave hotel” is the message I had this morning. Another important meeting cancelled. Fuck.
ICYMI on : Hr. 1 ft. #Clemson/ #Gamecocks thoughts & : https://espnupstate.radio.com/media/audio-channel/sturg-4pm-hour-093019mp3 … Hr. 2 ft. What’s wrong with the Tigers & Cali Pay for Play Bill: https://espnupstate.radio.com/media/audio-channel/sturg-5pm-hour-093019mp3 … Hr. 3 ft. CFB thoughts with : https://espnupstate.radio.com/media/audio-channel/sturg-6pm-hour-093019mp3 …
Titans on DC Universe is drawing it out. I remember the dark days of 1983 when we had to wait for his original debut, and I’m not enjoying waiting a second time.
What a huge loss to the music world! I didn't realize how many songs he wrote in so many genres, until today! He will be sorely missed!
Oh shut up, what the fuck you doing??? Going to the beach and picking up 10 bottles and think your saving the fucking earth sit the fuck down, she’s 17 Years old and is helping best she can damn y’all always wanna say something you want her to give all her fucking money away??
Such a strange comment. The whole reason for the 2A is so the government fears the people. I guess it’s a hard concept to understand..
Doesn't matter if he was addressing the parent. His Tweet was very condescending towards the kid. He was showing his "superior" Star Wars knowledge, which actually isn't superior at all. The kid was dressed as a First Order Stormtrooper, not one from the OT.
KATIE TAYLOR » WEBSITE Top website for a world class superstar. Katie 14-0,6KO the undisputed Lightweight Champ's next fight is 2nd November vs Christina Linardatou, and if you didn't know that you should have gone to SpecSavers VIEW ► https://katietaylor.ie/
Where can I watch this rockets game :/ someone got a link to the stream?
I've had that happen, literally. MFrs beat me to death and left me to die in the alley behind a church. I woke up when the priest came to put out the garbage.
Emerson Lake & Palmer with "From the Beginning"....they just don't make songs like this anymore https://youtu.be/570W6DKg_Oo
If you take the Bible out of the pulpit, you are left with nothing more than a glorified social club. Steven Lawson
My pup was crying when I put him to bed & I feel so bad; after already traumatising him with the journey back home we had smh
I mean I know it’s not that weird. But to actually have it confirmed in a leak beforehand along with that Rica interview a while ago makes me not believe it. As with Giselle, you are right but you could also make the argument that was very early and they didn’t think it her here
"YOU ONLY HAVE A VIDEO OF THE MURDER WITH CORROBORATING DNA, FINGERPRINTS, WITNESS STATEMENTS, AND A CONFESSION! I SAID I WANT PROOF!"
All went well, other than the recording's audio slowly drifting out of sync because I fucked up sample rate settings wheeeee!
I'm not sure if the ownership structure of the rental properties is different in USA compared to other countries. In foreign countries, there is one owner per rental unit (e.g. apartment). In USA, there is one owner per complex (e.g. multiple apartments).
You spose to ask her to grab you one so us lowly people can get the full view
And THEN DC editorial, not Tom King reportedly, push that even further with Heroes in Crisis & effectively ruin Wally's entire heroic legacy. Look at how Hank Pym is no matter what they do with him, a wife beater. Wally will always be the guy who killed a bunch of heroes.
Seriously whoever designed that strip or did up the brief for it should never be allowed to touch any design program from MS Paint up again
If you have anther drive and have a usb flash drive You and download windows 10 off the Microsoft website via their media creation tool and reinstall windows on a new drive and just pull files off your messed up drive or try to repair the files Unless the drive had failed
How does that also explain the 1-8 record when Zeke is less than 75 yards rushing statistic? Does that blame fall to Scott Linehan
Hawu kodwa guys why nifuna ukusibulala nje. I was so shook until the comments. Sikwi trauma becareful of your captions.
like you are pathetically intimidated by him? Or whatever your excuse is? Americans duly elected that guy!To do EXACTLY the things hes doing! The more career corrupt politicians do desperate schemes. To prevent what hes doing?The more on target he must be!Duh
If ANYONE thinks the devil isn’t here, they’re not bright.
Agreed, and he is also the reason executions should be enacted again to combat the rampant treason going on in the Democratic party today...
I'm excited to see Kamala and Tulsi cat fight on the debate stage though
Never said I was knowledgeable, just pointing out your inaccuracies. Namely, that what type of sporting event that the clip came from does not matter. It shows a man out running a women, which visually represented the point that men are stronger/faster than women on average.
32 nations have ratified the ban on nuclear weapons. Your nation's not among them (neither is mine).
Nintendo online for switch costs $20.00 a year. This ain’t accurate and y’all look stupid man fuck. I’m not even gonna get into the micro transaction discussion
the girl I am at school and the girl I am outside of school are two completely diff bitches
my girl has the nicest ass so we’re prolly getting married
The Hacked States of America https://prospect.org/power/the-great-hack-movie-big-tech-facebook/#.XZKU09twu8o.twitter …
so because the slope of the channel is shallow, the breakout won't be that intense? because I don't see much upside at this point, maybe take us to 3050 or 3070
I blame  for the fact that I’ve been listening to Crush by Dave Matthews for the past hour on repeat
#InternationalPodcastDay to the world The Egyptian people will close Cairo International Airport tomorrow until further notice We will close the airport to pressure the dictatorial regime to leave. no allow a murderer&thief 2 rule Egypt To achieve the demands of the people
Literally the same thirsty ass niggas and the same broke ass bitches
But Crocs feel weird. Besides, the reason I hate socks is cause I can’t stand having anything on my feet, so wearing Crocs wouldn’t solve the problem at all
you know what I'm sick of, people putting their drawtober stuff in the inktober tag, where can a bitch see nice ink drawings in peace
I already went I’m sorry! I’ll put you on the waitlist if someone cancels their order!
I kind of knew this wouldn’t work because I’ve tried it before but the white parts have turned yellow and no amount of cleaning will fix that but imma paint over it anyway just got all the dirt off and I’m leaving them to dry in the sun
Kinda tired of people painting jealous sex as something pleasant, like do you actually want to get fucked when your partner is severely jealous?? I don't really think so, most of the time it's non con irl, there's nothing cute or cool about it
Says the man who couldn’t be bothered to read the transcript before becoming a clown on 60 minutes
the hyena men of Nigeria poor animals have been muzzled - man the animal, bullying nature, strikes again painful:  https://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/africa/the-hyena-men-of-nigeria-nomads-tame-baboons-and-snakes-to-make-them-perform-10080731.html …
Why are you leaving race out of the story now? You obviously felt descriptors were important when it was an alleged crime.
They didn't do a very good investigation because here is Biden admitting to breaking the law: https://youtu.be/KCF9My1vBP4
Why was this a bad thing? Didn't the report ask for this detail?
From now until the day I die, I will wonder has  watched the wire. #getuponthis
Heartbreaking loss when our pets pass away..leaves a hole both in the heart and our homes.
I broke the tv remote so now the only thing we’re allowed to watch is kpop music videos I guess
Lmaooo my average trips to the store and shit sometimes is such a journey lol. Someone ancestors is always coming threw and next thing you know we talking for 2 hours lmaoooo.
I’m in the wrong business. I’m getting a tire fitted on my car. I’ve been working in their waiting room for past two hours and it’s a constant line of new customers!
I rarely participate in The Discourse, but I had to unfollow her. “Everyone who isn’t pan/bi is transphobic” is so inherently wrong, and the way she was being outright mean was absolutely uncalled for. I’m trans and pan, but I can respect others’ preferences. Why is that hard?
The Mueller investigation indicted 34 criminals in Trump's orbit, detailed 10 instances of obstruction of justice, and could not exonerate the president of conspiring with Russia to interfere in a US election.
The first  crony to endorse Trump: toast. Dum-dum-dum. Another one bites the dust. Dum-dum-dum. Another one bites the dust. And another one gone, and another one gone... Indicted Republican resigns day before pleading guilty to felony insider trading https://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/us-politics/chris-collins-resigns-rep-pharma-charges-trump-congress-a9126886.html …
I never watched and I never recommend either ...the biggest reality show is politics and we all should watch it ...
Gimme the name of the game and I'll stop Yu-Gi-Oh comparison.
It isn't a huge price to pay, no part of the UK has been ruined by "mass immigration" from EU nations (which are frequently well educated people going into professional roles such as medicine), and the "plenty of nations" that thrive outside the EU don't exist NEXT TO IT.
Obama in Cuffs would help reduce and remove Muslims promoting Terror in America ! This man has betrayed the American people with more corruption than any other in History!
I really feel like eric might kill off the human trafficker
He has no idea what he’s talking about. The whistle blower law was NEVER changed!
Now I’m sitting here, salty af. I did this lame shit just because I was bored lol foul on the fucking play dawg.
if  made a short like “Murder was the Case” dat shit would be dope Dat Tookie knows video was so fire
There is no solution for the #Irish border issue, it is an #Achillesheel and poisoned chalice ,it will keep popping up in pre or post #Brexit to torment the British UK nation state, #Halloweenhavoc 2019.https://www.reuters.com/article/uk-britain-eu-ireland-idUKKBN1WF25L?utm_campaign=trueAnthem%3A+Trending+Content&utm_content=5d929159b1a00400017b5ba8&utm_medium=trueAnthem&utm_source=facebook …
The Rich capitalists Have Always felt a Great Affinity for the Racist, Bigoted & Terroristic Nazis even when our Nation Fought against Them in WW2.  … via
Why is anyone confused about lack of attendance? It’s not like ya’ll filled up the empty seats at NCAA regionals. #FACTS support the athlete from day 1 not day 1460. #WorldAthleticsChampionships
About a month or so ago I taught my 2 year old nephew to say “YEET” when he threw his basketball in the hoop. Guess who just got pegged with a plastic block after a 2 year old screamed yeet
Better to die fighting for freedom than to be a prisoner all the days of your life.HAPPY INDEPENDENCE DAY.
 I went in to ACE and asked for a Langstrom 7-inch Gangly Wrench. They simply stared at me, then politely asked me to leave the store. WTF?
All of the proposals in the motion will allow for more affordable rentals and ownership. It is not a rubberstamp of RT. It adds the elements missed under the CHZR. It doesn't mean other options can't come forward as part of the City-wide Plan.
 Some examples of ur incorrectness are that there is only one bone for the human jaw and that the muscles are not attached to the bone. There is also no hole in the septum of the heart
You think you could take the Pillsbury Doughboy? Naive fool.
Magnet Releasing presents Wrinkles The Clown! In theaters and on demand Oct 4th, this film features a person in a clown mask emerging from underneath a child’s bed... Watch if you dare! #halloween #halloweeneverynight #wrinklestheclown #magnetreleasing #scaryfilm #clowns
i literally could have gotten a ticket to the regrettes so easily they were so cheap but my mom took too long to decide if she wanted to let me go and now it's sold out i'm :(
Without a doubt. Everywhere they “counter protest” violence ensues. Imagine if the Tea Party threatened and intimidated and burned and pepper sprayed people??
2 friends were moving to the same girl and one said “bro she’s got a dick I’ve seen it Wallahi”
idk i'm not in the mood for serious stuff today. #rantaroamami #ndrv3 #tsumugishirogane #danganronpa #fanart #amamugi
Of course it does not impede urban development, at grade is just cheaper. With car haters at the helm, managed congestion is just geek speak for planned chaos design to force you to one mode over another
Everything is fabricated with you!!!!! You know as the day is long you got greedy and/or someone is holding something over your head
I hope they throw your backside in jail for contempt if you don't comply with the subpoenas. It would serve you right.
Yea no the capture doesnt always catch the color flash same with Yun's Genei Jin. Something to do with frame rate but not sure... Never learned the science behind it.
So you’re saying this level of harassment was warranted, ? Defend the  #highered pod .
Chili, the other brown sludge! Ass long ass you enjoyed it then that's all that matters.
Just think if you were arrested for treason every time you lied to the American people. It was obvious he was doing a parody of your bs phone call.
He was a worthless POS. The Worst President in my Lifetime
Cheongju, South Korea: Shut down the illegal dog farms! - Signez la pétition ! http://chng.it/4Y8XMSq9 via  Cheongju, Corée du Sud: Fermez les élevages illégaux de chiens!
6. and if the trade starts losing right away, and you had bought during in a decline (down-trend *gasp*) where's your stop? classic trading books nearly always show breakout trades and a stop below a recent low, but in this case you're buying on a down bar, in route to new lows
This one picture of me where I tricked the camera into not thinking I'm flabby and gross haunts me :(
Your baby picture is making me more uncomfortable than the recent
people that don’t think avril lavigne is a punk goddess are the weakest of races
.  Wait...AND it’s your birthday?!?! I feel like the worst person. I’m learning so much about you right now.
We are the World - with subtitles https://youtu.be/D1Ufv65L39s Estoy haciendo un trabajo practico de los niños que trabajan es un tema re lindo. Pero no puedo avanzar porque siempre se me viene este TEMAZO a la cabeza.
That was off. I myself had it at 225-250k cause Fox ran the ads for it to a point you couldn't escape it. I need ESPN and others to do the same.
Police shouldn't be brought in..sheesh. It's humor. Correct them and go on. Unless it's assault. Different matter. I can only think of the gradeschool thing ..."I'm telling on you!"
So I’ve been pondering working two jobs again for a couple months now but all the stuff I did today after work got me exhausted, got me rethinking the plan
The bigger issue is the long consession lines now. Add beer and it gets worse.
Italy. UK. Ukraine. Australia. Canada. Biden corruption is low-hanging fruit to be plucked while preparing to shake the tree from the ground to its highest branches and gather all the falling criminals and traitors. Nothing can stop what is coming. D5. #QAnon #GreatAwakening
And I had a flight in the morning.. smh I’m never gonna be that thirsty
Asexuals have been included since the 70s so :/ Sorry you got some bad info!
i have done two telegvision showa ndi had made over 100 film so far. in my expeience there wer no difference between film and televison, except for maybe the pace and sped of who we work for the telvision. how we develop and approach the character is exactly the same between ...
Unfortunately I have to talk about Leon’s Draw and Loss Don’t forget to tune in! Join the conversation and share your comments in the live chat and we will share them on screen, live! #LigaMXEng
      Why cant you put a stop to the Dems waste of our tax dollars and World embarrassment of our Country. This whole Charade had gone well past Ridiculous and AntiAmerican.
While  recovers from surgery, let’s show him how many people are waiting for him to come back and be a leader in the fight. Join me in telling Ady that you’re with him. https://actionnetwork.org/forms/sign-the-card-for-ady/?source=twitter& …
Why did I not know  was going to be in Nashville tonight?! I’ve failed at life...excuse me while I go out myself in timeout. Like WTAF! I’m getting old, that’s gotta be it. Someone wild out to Tempo for me tonight. And at the  too, the sound in there...
Just listen to the lies & propaganda coming frm dems. That's all they have left.
They say shit happens and since I’m the shit I’m who it happens to
We have 85lbs weights in the house. Hubby uses them when he can't get to the gym to lift heavier weights for his hammer curls. I struggle with 20 lbs.
the city's law maker in front of the rainbow symbol of the international gay pride movement. " " he accompanied the police who raided the exhibition. after visiting a museum just a few days ago, he came yesterday evening with the police. so he is behind the ban on the exibition.
Another life just lost in #California. #POTUS, please end the suffering. #BackfireTrump
IDKWHAT THE GAMES ABOUT AND APPARENTLY U CANT PLAY IT ANYWHERE LEGALLY NOW AND IDK WHO THIS CHARA IS BUT I AUTOKIN HER JUST FROM HER FUCKING DESIGN
This is totally unethical, but Trump does not understand that as he has had none his whole life. His base doesn’t seem to care. They see the Dems as all socialist so must ignore Trump’s faults. New laws must be passed with both houses, so maybe should look at Congress.
Hola, young people! Our Healthcare used to be affordable. Yea 20 years ago! $25 co pay with prescriptions very affordable. What we need is not not Omar Fake Promises with high extra taxes. It Is Healthcare reform. Know the difference? Omar is Wanna be player in the game, just no!
No tatin un longer version di mijn nummer 1 the immorales/ yazzar g one
When the Devil Calls Your Name too. Both of those ost haunt me in my dreams. So good.
namanya anak orang udah punya gitu kadang suk "fuck the world". -Uus. Sangat iya...
I use it too, and it's got good stuff. But there's a hardcore following that will defend it to the death
(( me: makes a post on my personal about my mom being in the hospital Oomf in my dms: Hey !! Sorry to bother u but will u do this make for me i want svt to come to ___ I hate stan twt sometimes.
On a serious note, who are these people at the gallery? I think it’s pointless bringing strangers to watch them. It’s really weird #BBNaija
Shoota always reminds of the 3 fights I got into during cartis set at rolling loud 19
So he wants uncle luke , 69 boys, 2 live crew, magic mike, dj laz, uncle al , trick daddy to be the half time show
As I debated with a Cardinals fan, the biggest crock of was Holliday and Kozma saying it was the right call. Then Joe Torre regurgitating that crap afterwards. I lost complete respect for Torre following that fiasco.
の新曲 The Side Effects に文化を守るためだと言ってアートを殺す (Saving culture? killing art)って歌詞あるけど、多分 愛知トリエンナーレで騒いでるやつらのこと言ってるのかな？ http://coldrain.lnk.to/THESIDEEFFECTS
I think you and all the democRATS have to go back to school and learn to read and understand what people say!!! Trump DID NOT SUPPORT A CIVIL WAR.....did you hear me? Reread his statement and TRY to understand what he said!!! That's the problem with the dems....no common sense!!
Was Rudi his choice? If so he is getting what he deserves. I bet Rudi puts his fake choppers in the same glass as Don at the end of the night
Yea and she lost. She didn’t campaign in Michigan or Wisconsin at the end. Other than Trump she was the most disliked candidate ever. She was not a good candidate. She faced no competition and almost lost the primary (again) in her own party.
Since we’re keeping it , Board lawyer Jim Franczek hates us. Everything about us. Always has. And can you blame him? We’ve given him fits since 2010. But there’s a reason why the mayor and CPS CEO smile in the press while our rank-and file members leave bargaining seething mad.
I'll vote, I'm just really disgusted with the people around me IRL. They all turn to me to explain things they don't understand, especially when it comes to the media. I'm done helping people.
It is full-on sick that all these parodies are almost indistinguishable from reality though. Honestly it's only a matter of time before Pence or Cruz or one of the other talibangelists says this almost word for word
Sack the clown #Arsenal . Not putting #Ozil even on the bench? Are you nuts? Where’s Tierny? What happened to Holding? #EmeryOut
 If the motor won’t freeze up in -20c weather, can track through at least a minimal snowfall and/or freezing rain, a 75ft 20 degree incline slope and can be outfitted to our municipal recycling bins... my money is yours!!!  #Montreal
$BBBY when was the last time you walked in a bed bath and beyond no ones buys from there
This disproves any “quid pro quo” conspiracy theory the left peddles.
the amount of money i could spend at target is so unhealthy.
Unacceptable!! Went to far!! Hollywood SNL!! You already committed murder in your mind!! The more you all mock!! The more you lose!! Very Shameful!!
The captain walked to the plumber and patted his head weird since. they were the same height.
Keith, A Big Thank you to Our President for standing up to the DemocRAT Party. It won't be long and America is going to see just how corrupt they are. What they have put this Country through with their Hate and LIE's is Disgusting, but what goes around comes around. Hold on!
Don’t worry about a civil war there, little oathbreaker. The US military will make quick work of any little upstart insurgents. They will protect America from those who would destroy it, starting with trump.
Yo! wtf was that noise at the end? I thought someone started firing off at them
And that is what DEMS are trying to do destruction of the gov't and constitution Imho
luv family mart's iced coffee but wah the ice is already pre-prepared in the cup before u even buy it so no use even if u have your own cup :--(
I guess so because the first time I went was the LAST time I went. It was disgusting.
in the past century life has become enormously convenient and modern. yet it seems human being is still troubled by someextremely primitive behavior. domestic violence is a huge problemall over the world .. " " female ahas a choice whether they work or not while many male has to
 When are you guys going to review the "undroppable" list? Aaron Rodgers is QB 16 and George Kittle is TE 13. With bye weeks in full swing, these guys are dead wood on my roster.
Given the fact that the form had a box that could be checked indicating that the whistleblower’s information came from other people, and that it would be stupid to limit complaints to only first hand information, it makes the most sense.
And... if you lose - I bet you’ll say “  rigged the election and his lies caused me to lose”. He’s not a true leader, nor are you for your inability to take accountability and responsibility. Do us a favor and craft a message owning your hypocrisy!
Now we know that you shouldn’t put any jackass in that office. The GOP put up a guy, George W. Bush, who we thought was the very worst you could put in there. We were blesses with Barack Obama. Then the GOP really plumbed the nadir for this nation in Donald Trump.
idk when my paypal; will connect to the bank and theres nowhere that says their trying to do it........
of course i notice the spelling error after i upload it
I feel like I’m going to scream! Or straight up lose it! Maybe both.. at the same time.
Why the 𝘧𝘶𝘤𝘬 won’t his pussy stop throbbing, he doesn’t fucking 𝘸𝘢𝘯𝘵 to be raped!
 Vaping THC is a felony?! Damn these are still medieval times. Don't even get me started on the blue laws which are elementary levels ridiculous.
You’re worried about Red Flag laws turning the Constitution on its head while AR’s are blowing heads off. Get off this false narrative and wake up, red flags were apparent on how many mass shootings?...too many!!!
50 days without a home game is a bit ridiculous, good thing it started with the shitty colts
The problem with spending an hour replying to all your emails is that then everybody replies to you.
Well I’ve been saying that since before 9-11 Apparently the people we put in charge are incapable or don’t give a shit.
Unreal bro! The hit hasn’t even been talked about as much as it should. Offsetting penalties?!? Those refs and the  should be ashamed of themselves. If that were any other quarterback that the league covets, dude definitely would have been thrown out of the game and fined!
He was a better corner overall last year, he hasn’t looked comfortable much at all this year. I think they will keep him in the lineup but Ward hasn’t been as bad as people think
is no execuses for allowing harmful materiasl with sexual image available n the market and that means we haev to draw a linesomewhere and ... after all 18 is thea ge of marjotity majority in most countries and i think we should follow the standard an globaldstandard an standard
U are the one that change them for her, stupid idiot, all cos of game u want kill urself, she is better than u in all ways, Olosho
Someone who understands my Sixers/Yankees fandom and the effect that has on making October weird. I needed to know there was more of us out there
Nah the worst bruh is cats who roll and two at the same time. 30 minutes later the blunt finally rolled and I don’t even wanna smoke at that point anymore lmfaoo
Guyger, and all the other police who who shot because they "feared for their lives", would have less to fear if guns were not so ubiquitous that it is more likely than not that the person they are facing has one.
my record player is broken so it can't play the last song on a side of a vinyl and My Melancholy Blues is the last song of News Of The World and I am UPSET
Nah, I’m personally driving to give you yours. The only one I’ll do it for
Not manspreasing per se, but I had a approx. 50yo man literally cut in front of me in line at Qdoba the other day AFTER we ordered. So I already had my food in line waiting to choose toppings. When it came my turn, I literally had to push in front of him.
Wait isnt that contradicting though. If all life is precious,but you want the murderer to die woulsnt his life be lost to?)
Life is less stressful when you’re the invisible one
The bigger question is why didnt ANYONE bring this up when it happened??? #FakeNewsMedia even reported on it. The video was out there... Do your damn job #HouseDemocrats #SenateCommittees Nothing to #Investigate Watch the damn video
Hayes is just another lughead, quoting irrelevant information while totally ignoring the actual problem. No wonder he has been begging for gigs since 2016.
Still doesn't change the fact the majority of the censorships they did were completely dumb and unnecessary.
1. Some Base Supermen in the comics get punted across the universe with no damage. DCEU Superman gets KOd by a nuclear bomb. Clearly, you are wrong. I don’t see how you’re not seeing this. 2. I’m not asking you to do research I’m asking you to prove your claims.
I also saw dawg all the time but that one is my own fault
Why won’t this asshole turn on some fuckin’ music at least? He didn’t think Aizawa would be loud, but fuck, not even a single word for an entire hour? And why the hell won’t that voice in his head just shut up?
The Democrats are going to do what ever they can to destroy or discredit this president
in my opinion this is not just a legal issue. but a cultural one too. coming of age at 20 is very much part of uor culture and ... supposing simulated child pogrnapy pornographyis banned, how are they goingto determine the age of fctiona fictional fictional rfictional character
I have a thought I know many may think silly or wrong Our Country is divided by deceit Trump wins 2020 but rapture happens rt after. Left goes berserk Country thrown into chaos w/Christians gone This sets Tribulation into WW swing The rest is BIBLICAL history
And I cannot be the only person who thinks teens should be forced to fight eaCh other to deat for committing felonies
You are delusional and a fool. Do you not realize that you are standing on the Titanic as the water rises and claiming that everything is fine? Delete your account.
Not when you can just hide your face throw concrete on someone and run into a crowd whis all wearing the same black clothing also with masks.
my account really only gets restricted because I try to follow so many people back (because I actually follow the rules) and abusing liking/rt’ing. But never from finessing people out of a follow
As this article does state at some point, it's a diplomatic norm not to share the transcripts of calls between leaders. Not that it can't be done.
She think she gonna know how to swim in two days for her trip to the Bahamas FUCK THAT
I'm guessing said packets of nuts carried the health warning that its contents "May contain nuts". That decision ro put such labels on food was the point humanity entered its decline.
The last refuge of the scoundrel is no longer patriotism - that's merely a way station on the journey - its god.
Let's not forget he was there for Jake's birth too. Only one that didnt matter was Danny, in fact, cos of him, Sam missed the first few months of Danny's life,with his beating up McBain,setting off a chain reaction of Danny being stolen
Letting out a sigh, The King says this once. " I have the power to end this myself. . But I need someone to aid me to buy some time. . . This move can also destroy other universes along with it. . Including myself. . Could destroy Buu. . along with the stones. . " #FORTHESTONES
Would that be like yanking his SC? Which WH said they were going to do with Brennan & Claptrap, but never confirmed the effective date of the revocation.
The vote I cast was obvious but in all seriousness I think I legit use both depending on when/where I use it and which spelling I remember first
Can't say I disagree. A good pop to the mouth has taught many people to stop being assholes over the centuries. lol
Poor ex boy of this singer...How can you do that? Right now he is bullining for your fans... The personal life when you are a public person is own of you. Don’t be bully and make suffer to other people who never loves you. Please people, don’t judge the ex of this singer...
He was always obsessed with the idea of being married at 25, now he is 25 and finally today is this day. #BieberWedding
and I'm no extrovert, mind you. Just needed to escape virtual solitary confinement. On the morale side it's significantly harder to build a cohesive team without the random brainstorming, minor problem solving, and chit chat that comes with seeing people as you wonder the office
I never cared for him as an actor, so I guess I never kept up with the madness. No, it doesn't. Not at all. Kristen Johnston's tweet about Randy gives me life, though.
You only experience 2 emotions in them shits. Elated when you finally see they ass and depressed when you miss them/deal with the shit that arises from missing them.
Actually the infected are based on a fungus that really turn insects into zombie like creatures, so it's realistic as it was possible considering the context of it, also there's the human interaction and behavior which is quite realistic too
WHAT IN THE ACTUAL FCK HELL IS THIS? #ImpeachmentIsComing
Concerning the case in which Guyger killed Botham Jean: the castle doctrine cannot be used when one is not within their own abode. Otherwise, anyone can kill anyone in any location & only have to state that they “thought” that they were within their own abode. Not going to fly.
My little buddy hasn't been feeling good the last couple days.
When LeBron and AD land awkwardly and end each other’s seasons in the most Lakers way possible >>>
what if i rewatch haikyuu so the pain from ch367 will lessen? ahaA hah
What do you believe the Reds payroll should be? I'm down for a competitive team. You've probably written about this. If it's 150m on an ongoing basis, I would be shocked.
We understand your concern. We regret to inform you that we are unable to process your request for a new connection NO0000BV3R6H with Jio as your existing number of connections exceeds the permissible count - Prashant
It's just odd? Yes, I think there is a place for a retirement income product. I really, really do. But you can't have a go at Big Super for not delivering it when they are merely aware of the risk of either: - running it at a deficit - garnering such low returns no one wants it.
Can Ball State please hire more people for the on campus Taco Bell? I’m tired of waiting 20 minutes for fast food
Here is their Affidavit that contradicts the body cam footage, I gave him his Ego & he abused states authority by continuously hitting me I did "Not" #standmyground
I think I speak for 99.9% of the world’s population when I say IF YOU DRIVE LIKE A COMPLETE EFFING IDIOT & DRIVE UNDER THE SPEED LIMIT & ARE JUST IN GENERAL A TERRIBLE DRIVER, GET TF OFF THE ROAD BEFORE I FORCE YOU OFF OF IT!! I’m done following & waiting on complete IDIOTS.
Damn 2k u do and update and fuck up other shit .. stop loading me up on the wrong player
Rewatched 2012 and found myself reminiscing about the days when I could watch these things and say ‘that could never happen in real life.’ A decade on, I find this film more terrifying than I did as a child, because I saw just how close this now is to ‘real life.’ #ClimateCrisis
I have claimed my title as man of the house by killing a wasp as my mother ran away screaming. Honorable mention to my sister who used to wasp spray... to shoot me in the eye.
You forget America is an experiment. Western Civilization as a whole is an experiment. Before quite recently ethnocentrism was the default. I’m sorry civilization didn’t fix itself fast enough for you. None of this is any excuse for harassing people who have nothing to do w/it
Behind enemy lines where the stars at night are big and bright
relationship of a single father tryhing to desperately connect witb his son who ahs been diagnosed as a severe autism. it was something i ahd an strong resopnse to and ... i knew i would be more disaappointed if i didn't do it than if i had done it. so the choice qws actually
The corporations you think you're combating by empowering the institution that they have bought and paid for is some of the zestyest irony on the internet
mfs born from 1997-2000 are the most annoying generation like shut up u sub-boomer, no one gives a poop about your nostalgia
Sometimes when I wake up in the morning still tired, I like to think I've been at the fight club I run and don't know about.
cw: rape fantasizing Bakugou can’t get it out of his head. It’s not what he wants, not really. The tense silence during their long drive does nothing but send his thoughts spiraling.
Look at us now. Hard as I try, I get halfway up the wall and you pull me down
After dealing with everything I’ve encountered and all this pain and trauma I’ve learned that very few things matter in this life, so I’m just gonna focus on cherishing the few things that do.
Hate driven attempts by people in government & the news-information business to kill Donald Trump's Presidency are guilty as those who murdered the Son of God, maybe even more so--Jesus said His accusers didn't know what they were doing. He also said hate was murder.
The only people who want you banned are your sycophants. I want to see you keep digging your hole deeper and watch you panic one tweet at a time.
The problem is that Trump was a subject of the investigation that is being reviewed. Barr is the AG and can audit an investigation, which is within his right to do, but Trump shouldn’t be anywhere near this. That’s what’s “problematic”, Matt.
Horny bastard. And I mean with the amount of smut I’ve been reading lately I can’t deny it.
Please - then talk up Warren. If you see the big picture now, don't tear down Biden when he's bring falsely targeted by "The First Criminal" and his enablers.
And He Himself is the propitiation for our sins, and not for ours only but also for the whole world. 1 John 2:2... #JESUS.
Are you cooking it in an instant pot? At any rate, for any cut of meat that you are slow cooking, it is not necessary to completely submerge in the liquid. Half submerged to 2/3rds submerged should be fine.
Nerds everywhere ducking in lockers to avoid the dreaded “penske”
You said Mueller was “guaranteed”. Maybe just try to vote the guy out, stop the insanity.
What are the young players geelong would offer up if the saints pay Stevens salary for the first 12 months? Meaning you can heavily front load it.
And nobody helps these elderly couple ? I wish i get the opportunity one day to be there and its gonna be bad news for these assholes !
I actually get kind of angry at how well targeted the ads are (well, 10% of the time, maybe, I’m just ignoring the other 90% of them I guess).
"To manage the demand fairly, if somewhat brutally, a computerised ballot is conducted..only some of the apparently eligible and appropriate offenders are successful..and given a Drug Court opportunity. Those who are unsuccessful are, inevitably, simply sentenced to a jail term."
Meaning it wasn't political? Kind of strong implication that the photo was in regards to the kid in the costume dumb fuck.
I just read my email. I’m disgusted that this happened and have email the CPC. I’ve done nothing if not praise our party for not suppressing freedom of speech like the libs. What the hell happened ?
We were sad it canceled so very first farm tour but totally understand the weather did not cooperate at all looking forward to seeing you soon in Richland
Arguing via text in the flipphone era was a different type of mad
Where’d he get the money? Steal it from a humanitarian fund? #corruptAF
While not a good paper by the standards of most, he is writing it for a class at Central.
How many more damn times will the lil general’s sentencing date get stalled?
I should have listened to my dog's instincts. There's no class tonight because of the game and I dragged us out here for nothing
How many times have you told yourself that in the past though and then been like "nah ill just blade barrage stuff instead"
Trump has betrayed our country- that is a FACT. It’s not a political thing you must impeach if you believe in the future of this country. There can never be another person like Trump become POTUS
They got money to waste on fruit like this? Or they gon eat the bruised up ass fruit...
You're all insane. Forgetting Obama saying he'll be more flexible after the election and Bidens out there taking 50k a month and destroying investigations into his son.
The point is that even without VAR it was a penalty, this was also a penalty
Oh look, it's the failed prankster who thinks he has any idea what the fuck he's talking about.
That article is bull crap and no help is needed in discrediting the already discredited Mueller report.
There’s 3 or 4 pollsters who this entire primary have had Bernie lower than average. The fact they release a new version and it’s lower than previous polls by other pollsters doesn’t mean he’s slipping
Nah, shouldn’t matter. The law is the law innit? If we’re forced to follow it then everybody else should too...no matter who they are
Everytime we go to McDonald’s Aaron asks if the ice cream machine is working & they b getting so rude
I did no such thing. I said the harrasses weren't #antifa. They were agents provocateur and the scene was staged.
that's the one who forced cops to give her the names of any clients caught in stings. she's toxic
Once again you are a rumor monger. Where is the proof? Your hatred for the President and you being funded by the DNC is showing
It is another desperate coup attempt to distract attention from the investigation of the first coup attempt. Pelosi is committing treason.
#Iggy Why are people mad at her ? Her music is trash so her music opinions are trash I thought the hashtag was going to be her saying she was “retiring”
Misogyny, male rage and the words men use to describe Greta Thunberg http://theconversation.com/misogyny-male-rage-and-the-words-men-use-to-describe-greta-thunberg-124347?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=twitterbutton … via
Canada and the churches that ran the #ResidentialSchools bear a heavy, shameful burden. #indigenous #FirstNations #settlers
"Stan" and "receipts" and all that were stolen and popularized by all the people you called faggots in high school so there's that.
#Today we learned that #Pompeo was on the #Ukraine call, #Trump tried to involve #Australia in one of his stupid investigations because AG #Barr told him to, and #Rudy got a #subpoena. . If all this dirt came from #Tekashi6ix9ine, that kid will serve about a week and a half, tops
If he has any sense all, he should go for the resignation ASAP. Otherwise I think he faces prison time or worse depending on what he is charged with...
Now dak is the problem. Smh!!! Yall didn't had this energy for 3 weeks but after 1 loss yall debatin if he the problem. Pathetic!!!
Bitches be so bitter they will hurt the baby just to spite the dad
I bumped into a friend since elementary right now with her dad it’s been over 5 years I haven’t seen her, the last time I saw her we were competing eachother at Otis art school n the first reaction was “ oh shit you have a kid?! You been busy “ I’m still dying
Need to get Scorsese and DiCaprio back together for The Aviator 2: Mob Casinos, the Mormon Mafia and Stealing Soviet Subs
So, you and Yang are reduced to old fashioned vote buying. To get rid of a President YOU think is corrupt. The self awareness gene in you is terribly recessive, isn’t it?
Understood (some vicious ones in the past) but he should be judged on this specific incident not everything that came before. 2 game suspension should have been the most handed out. 12 games is insane.
It's the same in the US where dirt poor people vote Republican. There's been lots of research done about it. It beggars belief because the LNP/Republican parties grind the poor down but they just keep voting that way out of spite, aspiration, racism and sheer doggedness.
I ain’t no expert on eyebrows, but this girl’s on IG look the Nike logo.
I have nothing against Ohio State and a lot of respect for them. That being said, after listening to the Buckeye Talk Podcast and hearing the closest prediction be 35-3 OSU, I want to ruin their season really badly
Literally the tactic antifa uses to shut down any person they don't like. Just call them Nazis
Refs should blow the whistle for kick off and then disappear.
Tomorrow morning in downtown #Buffalo  will be holding a press conference to discuss the status of the race for #NY27. No word on whether The  will be present.
I feel like I have to tag you in the retweets or you don’t see it. I still literally don’t know what the hell im doing on here
im on the verge of having a rage fit n i just woke up wtf
Agreed as long as they find why the retail funds perform worse!
Why stop @$1k? Why not make it $100k/month, plus throw in a new Tesla, a $600k home, a $250k Vacation home, a $175k boat, pay for the Insurance & Utilities so one never has to work a day in their life???? That is, until you've bled the "Rich" and Corporations dry!!!
This what we pay all the money for on your games ffs this games lag is so bloody bad and servers are terrible keeps taking me out of pack market transfers , sbc . Piece of crap game
I think you’re probably right. I just don’t understand the motivation behind it. Whether they’re trying to paint themselves as the victim or anther the villain, what will that accomplish?
“You’re wearing white pants after Labor Day?” “You’re still cheating on your husband with the tennis pro?”
He was convicted of buying. Got a 4 month suspended sentence. Will do no time unless convicted of another offense before October 2021. He denied buying and basically said one of the guys involved in whole case was an old friend, and he had paid for him to go to rehab.
The unhinged democrats lie to us everyday, they've broken their oath's of office repeatedly, I'm sure their oath of office didn't include, Seek to overthrow the president everyday. The dems are the threat to national security by impeding the president from doing his job!
what is the point of maing rules making rules whne they can&'t benforced ? i find it hard to imagine that leaving tup to theindsutry would make its difference. " " in this day and age, it's not wise to ignroe a strong international criticism. we need to show the world that weare
Thy type of blatant abuse shouldn’t pass the muster of the revenue procedures run as part of the 2019 audit (reliant on the audit partner to make it an issue with management)
Anybody that says they taste the same are fucking liars
Idk but I’m thinking they probably paid the parents off or something. Could be wrong
Morning Quotes "Pada akhirnya hidup bukan siapa yg cepat sukses,tp brp byk kita belajar nikmati prosesnya,krn sukses itu sendiri berarti suka proses" " Past was just a lesson, not a life sentence, let go of your past and focus on the now " Have a Focus TuesDay...!!!
I do. Thats called a conspiracy. A set of circumstances , unverifed, are treated as gospel to bolster mistrust already felt. The FBI investigated it and found no such thing. I trust them until proven otherwise.
I have stuff to do. The last thing I need to be worried about is a nigga
We already know why. That 40% were still upset we elected a Black President. They thought Trump would deliver them. From what I am not sure. They didn’t think about the accomplishments the country had and how to build upon those accomplishments.
Student: malapit na po kasi the teacher's day e. Uhhhh! Expect the unexpected. Inner Me: papatayin mo ba ko? Matamis to a. Hahahaha Thank you Fernando!
Just wait until they miss the playoffs again. I’m making a burner to roast him.
never been the type to beg for nobodies attention and i damn sure won’t start now !
Those are rolls of foam. The process to make it uses Butane. So it's supposed to be cured in a ventilated warehouse before you mess around with it. One spark and that's what happens.
if u ship byler good for u that's cute i don't actually care like who u ship unless it's harmful,,, THAT BEING SAID,,,, ig stans really made a whole ass online petition for the writers to make byler canon
I find the fact that no one came to their defense. I find it Disgusting, Society, wake up.
What’s Modi doing there now? Some lower caste Hindus or Muslims or Christians or Sikhs discovered there which the area must be rid of? #FreeKashmir
* he blushes when he hears that, then he looks at the horizon and it's starting to get dark * "mmm ... I think we should keep things and get into the tent, I don't want you to freeze"
Owners suck. Making so much money off this team and the fans.
Dude honestly, who gives a fuck? If it offends you that much just block mute or keep it moving like the rest of us. Who are they hurting? In fact it's kinda hypocritical since them existing is what's putting money in your pocket. Live & let life man.
Okayyyy BUT were YOU born the same week as Beyoncé NO I was
The only stuff I have is from the Gibbs era. Snyder has ruined the skins
insanity and racism. That is white priviledge to the max
Have you ever...? School edition 1. yea 2. all the time 3. yes 4. no 5. no 6. gross no 7. no 8. no 9. no 10. yea 11. yes 12. yes 13. yes 14. kind of 15. no :/ drop an emoji and i'll send you the questions
Top issue can't even play the fucking game right now
What a Guilty looking Face, RINO, The Species is in a severe decline!
we are doing something about this prblem. other countriesa re free not to import wahtver they don't approve of. they have no busienss telling us to ban them in our country too. " " it goes withoout saying, the act of showignreal children as a sex object itsefl is a crime againtst
Nah closure is really needed to put everything In perspective and letting you move on form the situation.
"I mean, what it puts to rest is the lie about the confidence of the Trump campaign: We're leading in all polls. We're ahead. He was so terrified, so intimidated, the President of the United States got on the phone...
This is absolutely fucking disgusting and should be considered on the same level as psychological child abuse.
my major issues with note taking apps (at least one appears in all I've tried) * cloud storage only * only view one note at a time * notes are not queryable data * slow or just plain bad ux design * no access to the underlying structure/engine/api * virtually no documentation
lol iggy australia is on the world wide web trying to shade Lizzo because Lizzo failed to mention her pale name and blaccent in a tweet.
For the first time in along time as a middle class person, I feel like I can breath, the pressure of pay check to pay check has let up some. But now we have to worry about the carpet being ripped out from under our feet. Can't just sit back and enjoy the moment.
So the whistleblower does not need to meet with Trump, Barr, Pence, Pompeo.. none of them. Trump is guilty but in his delusional mind he's done no wrong! This is an indicator of how he does business all the time... quid pro quo- ing of sorts...every day, all day long!
Good grief. The scammer Trump has has drawn so many other scammers.
You missed the biggest and worst one: #MoscowMitch McConnell.
It has to be official at this point this is the worst launch of All time I cant believe I have spent 200 on such a horrible fucking game not even a month has passed and 5 patches have came out that makes the game worse 2k should give up rights to this game
I really hope we don’t adopt that social currency bullshit down the road. I’d be screwed.
The 3 morning moods can be: 1. Happy Birthday Junna-chan! ♡ 2. Claudine finally coming out of that coffin ♡♡ 3. My soul ascending because I'm gonna be late to work and also near death experience with a car with no brake lights
Stinks pal. Absolutely stinks. Breaks my heart. Season ticket for 15 years and the change in that time towards corporate awfulness was huge!
"And every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry"...
Dems are hating on Kevin McCarthy for having a thought through opinion on the clearly legit phone call while ignoring Schiff literally lying to the American people’s face! Schiff should be expelled immediately for blatantly lying.
Just as we predicted, the $15 minimum wage hike is crushing NYC restaurants. The left doesn't care about the impacts of their policies. They just want to take more money out of YOUR pocket. https://nypost.com/2019/09/29/15-minimum-wage-hike-is-hitting-hurting-nyc-restaurants/ …
So if its dak it's all his fault, but if its wentz it's the team then, is that your logic?
Times got hard after the George Clooney junt LMFAOOOOOOOOOOO
Automatically, I blamed autocorrect for you;) I concluded that you intended 'blame', as it gave the sentence the correct meaning.
#DuqueMienteenelExteriorYaquinosCondenaaMorir Siempre con copia a          Read About Colombian news and the corrupted #grupoaval SHAME ON YOU!! #SOSNOSESTANMATANDOENCOLOMBIA y
What’s wrong with our country can be traced right back to YOU! You’re the one who created crooked politics that instilled division, corruption, cruelty and everything else about dirty politics.
Isn't SC simply saying that J&K doesn't deserve the attention that all anarchists are crying hoarse about. Learn to live within the rules of law.
It's as Trump and Boris are competing, on a monthly basis, for the crazier news cycle.
Deck chairs. The problem is the candidate and the fact that she will say anything depending on the audience
I am officially coining the ban of Juul pod sales as “Bro-hibition”
I just took an inventory of my body. Turns out I’m overstocked in all the wrong places.
Hard conversations need to happen and I’m falling into the habit of delaying the inevitable.
Does the instagay on the Baking Show get his hair cut literally EVERY WEEK? I hate him.
Who knows...since no one has been allowed to see the entire report...js
If President Trump is serious about wanting Schiff questioned at the highest level for Fraud & Treason then why doesn’t he pull his Security Clearance? This dirtbag gets away with everything and we the base are sick and tired of it. Fight back!
No. The senate does not have to take it up unless there is overwhelming, unrefutable evidence. Hating  is not grounds for impeachment.
Oh no... I’m gonna bet on Gon clappin’ Palm’s buns because she’s def w that freaky shit but imma keep powering through until i know the truth
Remember “the lesser of two evils”? That used to be every Democrat I know’s argument for voting D until the 2016 primary when I was suddenly supposed to give a shit that somebody’s “not a real Democrat!” What a load of hot crap.
's becoming clearer and clearer that this is an inside job. Gin up a complaint that is based on hearsay. Change the rules to allow such a complaint to be filed. Leak details of the fakecomplaint to lay the foundation of partisan outrage.
— Ness absolutely hated his own reflection, and staring at it during one of his episodes only made him want to shatter the mirrors into a million pieces.
And the Noid would be so far to the left of this chart under a category marked, "Felony Assault"
Time to slowly walk to the store to get one. Though I don't remember it being so long and dang it I'm stuck not
Thanks for the article. Unfortunately the number of people who will read it is small compared to the number of sensitive souls who are shocked by this act of violence.
Fuck to the Hell Yeah. We should have a #ResistParty that night to watch the results live
Don’t forget the housing housing that black people couldn’t see. But maybe that’s not news for your news editor
So you're mad that Mifsud could be exposed to be a Western asset when the media and "intelligence" officials, including Mueller, have lied about him being a Russian asset.
The problem with Bear Sterns Bravo and the whole Horse ebooks thing was that this marketing campaign ended up not having much connection to the game it was an ad for at all. Anyway because of this nobody actually played BSB and they stopped making it after two episodes.
uhh, she's exactly the reason why 16yo shouldn't vote lol
Attorneys...isn’t calling for the murder of a political rival .......solicitation for murder? Saying into a microphone that Schiff should be killed for treason is solicitation isn’t it? Shouldn’t “law makers” already know asking for someone’s death is a no no ..what say you
At the age of 23 I think it's time I retire. If I had a pound for every drunk fresher thats fallen on me tonight I'd be a millionaire
Crime pays. Bankers have known that since there have been Bankers. Here is just some of the fines of the last 10 years!!!
everything was the result of one's own choices, it was a road chosen by oneself. Even if this path is hard. ##bot
 you need to get control of this quickly! The American People cannot go round 2 with another illegal collusion story! Durham must start providing information to have Grand Jury and indictments
What I'm describing is that for a long time when Gen 5 was the main gen for Pokémon, a lot of people took a hard pass on White (her manga equiv) as shown in like old screenshots I dug up because it wasn't their ideal Hilda and they harassed people for being fans of a chiller ver.
Health department: THC cartridges ‘likely the driver’ of vaping-related lung illnesses in Utah http://fox13now.com/2019/09/30/health-department-thc-cartridges-likely-the-driver-of-vaping-related-lung-illnesses-in-utah/ …
It hasn't been seen as yet Sir. You see how badly and death trapping the motorway had become just as the Korle Bu Hospital Surgical Block? A country that is highest producer of gold and cocoa and now in the Oil Producing Country's league table?
Share how wrong the climate scientists have been. Kinda important
I'd rather wear baggy pantaloons & sing Stop ! Hammer time ! In the Big Market.
And besides, do you really think Mike Pence wants physical violence against homosexuals? And that local law enforcement is going to lay off defending people because the president is really really Christian? I just don't see that as being reality.
 Ask a biased question...get a biased answer. Q: “to reduce the risk of an outbreak a bill has been proposed…Do you favor/oppose this bill?” MarketResearch101: never use leading, loaded, double barreled questions.  should know better https://tinyurl.com/UCBdata
Manipulating me on the tl in front of everyone? Phew!
Maybe that's how I should have worded this. What will frustrate people the most in PvP?
I was wrong and I’ll own it. The judge is a black woman.
Do not be Fooled. I am Really the 'Total Package'. I might have been Damaged a bit during Shipping and Handling, though.
mga insensitive bitches who didn't have earphones and have the audacity to fucken blast their videos on their phone with speakers like ate,, as far as i know hindi mo nirentahan at binayaran ang buong car for you to blast your shitty screaming videos like this wtf
MA legislators are dithering on the state's distracted driving bill. We are the only state in New England that can't get this together. Join me in photographing people #DistractedDriving this October, and tag   and your reps!https://mass.streetsblog.org/2019/09/26/lack-of-police-accountability-holds-up-distracted-driving-law/ …
That’s awkward, but you suffered no real harm, right? I don’t think that’s a compelling reason to make English the country’s official language.
Why is that important? because why would Kylo thank Han for letting him kill him? why was Han holding Kylo's lightsaber? i'm getting the impression that he understood Kylo's plan to do ''evil'' things to lure and kill off Palpatine for good and Han sacrificed himself
girl i was gay but wasnt even out to myself in 2015 idk what the hell i was doing back then
Let it be the last day you stress over people or things that did not get you where you are today. If they didn’t help you get here, how are you gonna let them distract you from what you worked so hard to get? Cut it now.
I think that AOC wants to endorse Warren, but she’s terrified of what will happen. Can you even imagine the rage an AOC Warren endorsement would incite?
Just listed my ancient Forester on CL so I'm now mentally preparing for the avalanche of spam emails and annoying texts Also if you are in Chicagoland and looking for a tough winter beater, have I got a deal for you.
have you guys looked at the drop thing from the stream bc its in my inventory but it’s been a whole day and i still haven’t gotten them in game
It sounds like Democrats Menendes Durbin and Lehey that wrote the letter where they wanted a foreign govt to dig up dirt on a political opponent MUST be investigated and have criminal prosecution brought forward. Nancy No one's above the law https://www.foreign.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/5-4-18%20Menendez%20joint%20letter%20to%20General%20Prosecutor%20of%20Ukraine%20on%20Mueller%20investigation.pdf …
RIGHT! Billie is one of the Top 10 artists in the world and I haven’t seen her donate anything to help the Earth. With a Hoogle search the only thing that pops up is her donating to planned parenthood. There aren’t gonna be any parents in the world goes to shit!
I came to see the tweet ppl are being dramatic about, and this is why ppl panties are in a bunch???, you didn’t say one bad thing, but I always wondered who was buying Igloo music but I found them all in your mentions these folks delusional!! they can’t dim your light sis!
In case you missed it,  recently awarded 69 #grants totaling $28.5 million to various organizations across the state serving communities disproportionately affected by the War on Drugs. #cannabis http://business.ca.gov/Portals/0/Files/CalCRG%20Program%20Grantee%20List%209-2019.pdf …
Really now? Is Sweden inside US or inside EU? You know comparing to Mexico and Venezuela the US crime rate is nothing right? That's not a comparison. Sweden grenade attack goes from a flat ZERO to over 100 in a year. If that's not fucking alarming I don't know what is
Hi, there. There are many reasons the boarding process may have slowed, including gate checking a large amount of carry-on bags, unruly or concerning behavior from a customer, errors with boarding passes or gate readers, etc... The flight is now expected to arrive at 8:33 pm. ^DD
i hated christie but please shut the fuck up she looks good
The decision between wanting to be blonde or brown is the worst ever
Re: Lee Oswald The Cop Killer http://twib.in/l/LLqGrex5kryd
Let Negan loose! I’m watching the return of #TWD Sunday 9/8c.
Did someone hack the #RayoOKC account? Or #RayoVallecano seriously looking to restart the US club? #NISA #NASL
 is done...over...through.....question is...how ugly will the death throes be... #Resistance #ImpeachTrumpNow
I'M CRYING I'M TRYING TO PLAN A DRAWING SO I DREW A FEW CIRCLES WITHOUT MY HAND BRACE BUT THEN I TRIED DRAWING A CIRCLE WITH THE BRACE AND ITS SO DIFFICULTHDHDNSK
why tf do i have to have a cold and a sore throat AND a headache AND my period at the same time. fuck you uterus, nose, lungs, and throat. jk not throat or else i can’t suck grays pp
The difference with Clinton is he committed actual crimes. The purpose was to get the Democrats in the senate on record as saying they were okay with that. Impeaching Trump will just be for spite. The precedent that sets is every president who loses the house will get impeached.
queria ter chorado ao som de the killers mas se precisar de qualquer coisa to aqui
People online that complain about yoshi don’t even play smash, tournament players know how to fight a yoshi, dude is the most popular character in the game outside of DLC, I refuse to believe no one knows the basic gameplan of how to beat yoshi and some of his mechanics
Savage: Woman Starts Crying While Watching Her Drunk Boyfriend Make-Out With Another Woman On The Dance Floor! ((video)) http://ihe.art/qr21bWE
No one mentioned the Bucks last year. Some had them as the 5th or 6th seed. No one picked Toronto either. Who cares about preseason predictions? Most are wrong anyway.
#BieberWedding somehow he managed to find the one broke Baldwin
I found that the people who hate Trump the most are bully narcissists - basically people who are worse than Trump in "bad manners."
sickeningly good episode Kick Stu off the show and roll
 Rick Santorum was once a man; now he's a candyass effeminate girlieman ordered around by his masters on CNN. Tonight the coward referred to our president as being "out of control." SOB
You mean that intern who pulled up her skirt, snapped her thong when leaving his office?The one who wrote and wrote about her relationship with him.The one where she saved a dress to incriminate him? That one? She was 24. The sexual predator is our moron in right now Its D Trump
LOL Dana. Love a crude comment that needs a follow up for grammar error. Who's the moron again?
Would add laments and distorted ghast cry as background sounds to the valley
I thought this said moose for a second and was perplexed at the idea
No, just no. It's a number, just like the 1% is a number. Your donors can't help you win this, just let Sanders and Warren be the Ticket and help Reform and Save America before it is too late!
If you don't have a reason besides no, then I'm afraid the cause is lost. Nuance is required. That's realpolitik. Cheers.
It isn't going to happen. The swamp will be drained! Get over yourselves
Trump takes orders from Putin deploys US Troops at the wim of UAE. He has no clue
NEW VIDEO: STEALING THE CYBER CAR 『Watch Dogs 2』 (feat. HUNDAN) #4 ++ https://youtu.be/_hpOIXKX6ew #WatchDogs2
And #PornPresident has the DOJ working for him. why hasn't DOJ prosecure Schiff? Is it because there's nothing to prosecute or #PornPresident is incompetent? take your pick?
Alex - you are so my spirit animal. Your take on women squatting over toilets (causing the problem to begin with) is something I’ve been screaming into the void for years! Cheers!
There are a dozen good reasons to impeach this turd, the above is not one of them. It begs the question as to whether you understand English if you believe this is calling for a Civil War or inciting thereof.
not being in the bay tomorrow is gonna be so weird sighhhh :(
For real i was saying that the other day. It would trend coz even the haters would watch just to find something bad to say hence giving her ratings. Tag her management
Says the one that basically lives in his Yaris smh.
The loser PM, sold out her country and her party, now sits smugly in the HoC, while it crumbles around her.
Idk why I so hungry I done eat my one meal for the day
“It will be given appropriate consideration” = I will ignore the subpoena
ive tried it and its not better, the stream quality is doodoo compared to obs studio
My thoughts on religion is this...it creates wars “my god is better than your god so let’s start a violent war over it”. Also I think blind faith is for the weak minded. If you need a cosmic teddy bear and a blanky to help you sleep better at night, then so be it. Not my thing.
The problem you have is America has ears. They know he isn’t lying. He won’t be impeached. His approval rating just went up. Everything you say or do, backfires. You’re helping him to get re-elected.
The so called press in Haiti they re the first responsible in line of the misery of the haitian people except of a few of them.
Yea no backcourt D, they just gonna need to outscore the opposite backcourt
the only tour date in California and its 21+ I just want to see Wale perform :(
Prison? I don't want them in prison. I want them at the Gallows, ready to take a swing!
It's Monday new day another stream. LIVE IN 10 MINUTES. We are entering the fog on that grind for blood points and perks. Come on by and watch me die. http://Twitch.tv/TsDevilishDJ    #twitch #deadbydaylight #monday
Oh and  , I've caught you sharing fake news before and you got pissed off and doubled down to defend the fake narrative that I provided evidence which showed it was false. Maybe, just maybe hold yourself to those higher standards too.
Hillary Clinton: Trump 'Knows He's Illegitimate,' It's Why He's Obsessed With Me https://www.yahoo.com/news/hillary-clinton-trump-illegitimate-160637453.html?.tsrc=fauxdal …  Trump very legitimate president of the US you got beat & you had all these ppl trying to fix the election in ur favor & still could not win get over it & get on w/ur
I read the Mueller Report. I read the memo from the phone call and I read the redacted version of the whistleblower complaint. I am a Republican. I am shocked and infuriated that you expect your constituents to believe the spin coming out of the WH and lackeys like you.
I wonder what tipped them off. Obviously it wasn’t when they locked children in cages. Or when some of those kids died. So you wonder what it could have been, all the other crimes, maybe?
Come on out to the show, kids! Join Joya and Andrew in a battle of wits!
The hate you have for Mariah doesn't change you are what you are because she shared her dream with you. When u know what it is to build, something from ground up with the rejection attached to it, you will learn to appreciate people and their gifts.
House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy EMBARASSED himself and the Republicans so bad on 60 Minutes last night IT WAS STUNNING..Not as PATHETIC however as  s 75 tweets , “Gym” Jordan, Lindsey Graham and the little girl they sent out to defend Trump, Steve Miller..
I completely agree. What is wrong with people? They disagree with Doug so they mention credit cards. Are they doing the same to Jay Williams for his accident?
You are the fraud Mark, acting so self righteous, you don’t own the force, you were only the “hired help”. #WalkAway #GreatAwakening
It’s the first day of October tmr & im so ready to throw a pumpkin  bitch head already
about all her "creams" that I asked her "Don't you like to have people come in your face?" "Does it rejuvenate?" "Haven't you heard about these ladies who take young guys to the theater
Whenever i’m having a bad day i can count on this vid of my prof to lighten the mood
 Thank you for speaking up that that Sheriff lied on the police report. It happens all the time and it effects lives.
I’m old enough to remember a time when Democratic lawmakers were outraged when GOP lawmakers suffered gunshot wounds at the hands of a partisan fanatic at a baseball game.
Let’s wait until the IG report is out. Let’s wait until Barr and Durham are done investigating. The problem is that the right people weren’t investigating her, now the right people are. I shouldn’t have brought Bill Clinton into it, he is actually a saint compared to Hillary.
Hey bitchy boy you’re going to be impeached, jailed and gang rapped by the Mexican Mafia (LA EME)
If Marx's real intent was not stated, then (basic epistemological question here) how the fuck can you claim to know his "real" intent? You have a that reveals the ulterior motives of people long dead, or what?
I am so tired of being dragged down. I climb mountains and when i am close to the top, someone just pushes me to the bottom again.
Absolutely, hands down the two baddest females ever to front hard rock bands.
Lets forget about today, even in the past few games, he didnt get his team right eventually. He doesnt have that strength in making the right choice of players for the right games.
I was on the fence about backing The Sierra Adventure—I missed out on limited edition tier reward—but just listened to the  interview w/  and immediately pulled the trigger. If you haven't heard yet or was hesitant like me, do it! https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/klytos/the-sierra-adventure-the-story-of-sierra-on-line …
A lot of people trying to figure out what to call this scandal going forward. Whatever it is I think it should include the word "Trump". His name is his brand. Shouldn't it be a synonym for corruption and bad government for generations to come in the way "Watergate" is?
01:50am.. cramp in my leg woke me.. how the hell do I turn off my mind so I can get some sleep.. work tomorrow!! #Tired
Same, never made it to the first dungeon. I will say the remake is *better* at making it clear about where you need to go and what to do, but not always. The GameBoy Zelda games always make me feel like a dumbass, when in reality I feel like it's just poor design. Idk.
People are hyperventilating over the Australian Ambassador's letter to Barr. Trump & Barr launched this shitshow back in May. Australia is just confirming it will assist where it can with facts, not that we help lie for them. Context is key here
Didn’t Barr say months ago he was going to get to the bottom of it? Did you miss that?
the most savage af moment i saw in retail was when i saw an angry customer tell the manager "so basically you don't care about me", and the manager said, "pretty much" lol
tfw your homie pulls up naked at target and hides in the dog beds
 Seth Lugo? He did have 4th highest WAR among NL relievers. That’s the only acceptable answer besides degrom.
Lie! The favor was to help investigate 2016 campaign intervention by Ukraine. Stop lying about what was actually said
I took the pic while she was talking to someone and thought it’d be funny to make a stupid ass face LOLL
If we trade  I'm gonna be sick. Thielen only has a couple peak years left. Somebody tell  the  are hiring
I think people just hate my face bruh... like something about my face makes people read my tweets and be "I wanna argue with this nigga" and they go out of their way to do it.. half the time it aint even about my tweet! mfs just start arguing lmfao
That's a horrible take. Maybe you haven't watched baseball in the last decade. We can wait for you to catch up.
As to the Twins’ Prez saying it’s time for his team to “slay the dragon.” (AKA the Yankees) Obviously tough to cheer for the dragon. They’re regularly the villain in fiction, just as Yanks are in many baseball movies. But don’t count them out. https://www.mlb.com/news/yankees-aim-to-add-to-history-vs-twins …
Ppl shit on the Cowboys so much I don’t understand it?
Ending on a hopeful note:  reminds us not to get so fixed on the analysis of the problem that we lose sight of the world that we want.
"Here I come again! You cannot anticipate me because your brain is so big and weighty and far from the ground, but my brain is aerodynamic and small and ground-sure and I have all I need in my wicked goose-body, and also I have your radio." https://www.shatnerchatner.com/p/i-am-the-horrible-goose-that-lives?fbclid=IwAR1ZWULcn0yg3E413JWjlWpXsrpdRqBzQL-3tuSzMmmEbvPvgT70FDe8o6A …
Zero new followers means real people don't give two shits about what you think. The rest are bots and assholes.
I forgot the hanging evil pumpkin man I put on my porch is motion activated...this evil laugh out of nowhere ain’t gone work for me
“Through the flood and the fire you are with me and you won’t let go”
Yes, but for him to betray the country and do what trump says, he MUST have some pretty bad skeletons.
Butter bread. Pour sugar on bread. Close bread. Pour fresh orange juce over bread. Cut bread into squares. Usuaully feed to sick child with achy throat, but sometimes make for childhood nostalgia.
Exaggerated and extreme camber is the bane of my existence
Because I'm already incredibly sad today, I'm gonna be posting something I know I can't post on the actual day, in the next tweet
I felt so bad leaving my cat for 3 days that I spent the last 2 nights sleeping on the couch next to her bed to make it up to her and it only just occurred to me that if I'd carried her off to my bed she probably would have slept there with me and I could have been comfortable
Dr. Carol Swain Commentary: Barack Obama and the Evil Plan to Destroy President Trump https://tennesseestar.com/2018/09/09/dr-carol-swain-commentary-barack-obama-and-the-evil-plan-to-destroy-president-trump/?fbclid=IwAR1OhLD-NAWY5eaRKt4yyo4uCWgPJeiOJ52bUXsdDemM7A7ktdQO9GnkzLg …
So Barr was telling the truth.. no one asked him, he asked Trump...
He's talking about people who freak out at him over his opinions, he's not saying they are immature just because they disagree
i couldnt find my car in the parking lot rn. in conclusion: im a dumbass
After Trump invokes the Civil War, his mockers on Twitter rush to sign up this theat is as sad and pathetic as him pretending to care about US. #PatternOfPresidentAllAboutMehttps://www.washingtonpost.com/history/2019/09/30/after-trump-invokes-civil-war-people-twitter-mockingly-rush-sign-up/ …
You trippin if u an athlete and dont like the weightroom
SO, it is ONCE AGAIN impossible to distinguish Andy Scheer from Minstrel Show Justin Trudeau. Tell me again why I must vote for either of the genocide and racism denying stains? #elxn43
I know right? Krave is the next big thing, just don't like how dark skinned he is...
this is the only person stopping billie from having #1 streamed album by a woman......... how
 is a joke! Rejecting claims when the mechanics say the damages are consistent with the wreck. Would not recommend them and will be reporting them to the state as well as the BBB to make sure they don’t dupe anyone else. Such a load of crap! DO NOT USE STATE FARM!!!
Since you asked so nicely I’ll give it a glance but the NYT track record makes it hard for me take anything they say too seriously
I liked it when it came out but I would never consider it a top tier film, let alone being in the Top 10.
you occupied half of Poland, the Baltic states & Besarabia, while murdering & enslaving their best people. You helped Gestapo in Gulag know-how, you were providing German troops with steal & oil until June 1941 when your dear ally Hitler attacked you. No lies will cover this up.
maybe I'm too gay but I'm getting dr*ke vibes and shit like that and im ..... AM I THE ONLY ONE SEEING HOW CRINGY THIS SHIT IS????
This is sad. What a bunch of thugs (not activists) the left has become.
Three Saudi Brigades Annihilated in Devastating #Houthi Offensive in Saudi Arabia #Yemen Good for the Houthi! #SaudiArabia is committing genocide in #Yemen.https://www.strategic-culture.org/news/2019/09/30/three-saudi-brigades-annihilated-in-devastating-houthi-offensive-in-saudi-arabia/?fbclid=IwAR3QxtdU8YXoK1uU-fBOSqdoF-ccF07hcuLGFL0Vm2GzYJNKGpjbNx0n0IQ …
i jinxed myself the other day bc i was wondering when i’d finally get called for jury duty again and then what came in the mail today? smh
Stop the ICE shit until we get a REAL President in there.
the burden of his argument relies upon showing that in al instances and in all contexts that this position is necessarily always consistent and always true.
omg I am devastated to learn this - Norman has been a favorite of mine since she came on the scene decades ago, and I am so sad to know she has passed. Thanks for this clip - this aria is also among my favorites. /tears
man i miss having a laptop that could handle the brutality of Wizard101 marathons
This is absolutely bizarre. It's mostly a give-away to the rehab industry, which will hold people hostage until their insurance maxes out, but underneath the greed is genuine contempt, & rejection of the fact that personal liberty is our most fundamental right.
So I work in a hospital...in the OR and today I’m walking through the hallway and one of my coworkers was literally CHARGING THEIR JUUL IN THE HALLWAY OF THE OR. You hate to see it
The POWER Of The G BOMBS: Part VIII - Mushrooms vs. Cancer https://youtu.be/cQR_S3saG6g via
#California is suffering today after fatal shooting. #POTUS, stop the bloodshed. #BackfireTrump
 The fossil fuel lobby is hiding behind a new disguise - . They fund climate denial, run greenwashing campaigns, and oppose real climate action. Reject their attempt to continue unbridled fossil fuel expansion.
Actually no she’s suing bc ppl are allowed to go religiously smoke cigarettes but she isn’t allowed to practice her religion that is everything to her which is discrimination and against the law so literally she should sue them
" Oh look if it isnt my dear twin. You want the title back eh? This title was mine to begin with. You were the naughty one who took it from me "
Enter the apartment to engage a threat? She entered an apartment she thought was her own.
Just throw more money at the problem and watch it disappear
— Eu leio mais mangás, e tenho boas recomendações: Kingdom, Haikyuu!, Neverland, Dr Stone, os do Inoue (Real, Slam Dunk e Vagabund), The Flowers of Evil, Berserk, Vinland... tem mais mas foda-se não lembro
 fix the matchmaking on this shitty ass game please! No reason for me to be playing with ppl 2 ranks under me and the other team is 2 ranks above me.
It has me thinking about how Kai told Y/N that she's incapable of changing anyone for the worse, but I disagree with that... Kihyun is different now (permanent or temporary? Don't know yet) and not for the best considering the way Y/N is & what keeps her attention...
Do they supply barf bags with the show? Watch as they compete to share conspiracy theories, lies and BS
sorry guys i thought i had tweeted about it but x1 showcon pc sets will be mailed today unless you bought a signed x1 album! those will be mailed when the albums come #nytsyhupdates
I'm pretty sure that Trump has a response planned and will execute it at the appropriate time. I trust the plan. I believe that he is letting them indict themselves. They are stupid. Dangerous and stupid a bad combo. NOTHING CAN STOP WHAT'S COMING.
M-man...h-hearing him in the bathroom though...I-if he would have b-been here m-much longer I-i might have g-gotten him t-to fuck me m-myself...
If In a miracle the Democrats somehow get POTUS impeached..the Democrats will not see the Presidency for decades...America has had enough of the corruption, lying, spying, manipulation, cheating, parodies, coverups, and I could go on and on..it’s time for accountability!!
He doesn’t, but rhetoric and expressed beliefs can embolden people who already hold those prejudices but for one reason or another don’t act on them. Like, have you seen how the far-right exploded after Trump got elected?
A radio show host I listen to now refers to chronic lying as bullSCHIFF. The Democrats are full of #bullSCHIFF
Our provincial gala conflated WWII and the Civil War, which is one way to deal with that, I guess.
If our President has anything to fear about you it's that you might get confused, think he's a little girl, and try to sniff and dip him on the debate stage.
Trump I guilty of treason and he and his co-horts and family should be tried and punished - like the Rosenbergs. Of treason and civil war: An agitated Trump amps up threats (from )
Did you ring the door bell? That boy don't look too swift so it may take multiple rings?
I don’t know if you’re calling me a wimp or yourself, but if Hocus Pocus is on the screen, count me in. I’ll be a wimp.
Nancy Pelosi is a LIAR ! She couldn't know any details unless the transcript was leaked from within the Whitehouse, and if it was by whom ?  someone is a traitor and it isn't you.
#Dominic #Grieve and #Philip #Hammond along with their other #Treacheous #Remainer colleagues, the most hated #MP.s in the #Uk, they should hang their heads in shame or maybe just hanged following the legal process of course
You should be able to tip the rec DJ bc they’re on fire today
I think the gay part alone would have been enough not just black and gay. This guy should have been in jail before there were multiple victims. #sick bastard #somebody was protecting him #hang him
Imagine if you destroyed the evidence like 30k emails  did when she was subpoenaed to hand over her private server...  basically said she's too stupid to be arrested for it. #Trump2020 #Benghazi #BidenCrimeFamily #MAGA #KAG #WhereIsHunterBiden #Ukraine
I'd also like to point out this goes towards people you DON'T KNOW or aren't close with. Or you know, people on the Internet. And if you want to sell your MLM shakes to combat obesity and continuously state that everything is BAD, you can go get your head slammed in a door.
Representative McCarthy - At least have the good sense to read the Call Summary and Whistleblower Report before going on 60 Minutes and being humiliated by Scott Pelley for misquoting their contents in front of the American People! How embarrassing for you!
being multifandom is tweeting a lot about just one of the ppl u stan and then feeling sad bc ur not giving enough attention to the others that u also stan
So long, suckers! My name is on the next mission to Mars: NASA's #Mars2020 Rover. Send your name too!http://mars.nasa.gov/participate/send-your-name/mars2020/certificate/352918422327 …
“If the facts are against you, argue the law. If the law is against you, argue the facts. If the law and the facts are against you, pound the table and yell like hell”.
I don't even play the game anymore and I'm curios what happen?
Wllnirnth worriers wnenthol the wdtiis e and wdreeee in twin peaks are liter lake mining crack
members performed openings, songs and/or dance, gave key note speeches and sat on panel discussions today. And for that, I thank them because it’s not an easy task to lay out your trauma like that. Today is not a celebration but a reminder of the Residential School System /2
Oh well I guess if you say there was nothing we should believe you. Because of the 12,500 lies you've already told not sure we can believe you. You are a sorry excuse for a man. Your father did a job on you didn't he
If Barr resigns, who takes his place? Who's the DAG right now? I can't keep up.
The more and more I play Mayhem 3 the more and more I'm starting to despise this game. Constant shit modifiers just buffing enemy HP and reduce all my damage for """difficulty""" (PS, that's not difficulty) and fucking anointed after anointed after anointed... Why
Raise the issues and refuse. If you do go talk about Biden.
you have no right to call us clowns when you’re the one who watches elite
Using a IPhone 8, and I downloaded the App from the Apple store not sure what version
Moral of the story: Sometimes we blame the devil for storms in our lives that we brought upon our selves. In reality we should hold ourselves accountable and make better choices.
It’s not a whistleblower, but a spy! The transcript contained nothing that the spy claimed it said. Total fabrication, just like the fake Russian dossier.
You heard that right folks, every single American citizen is going to be confronted with tanks during the tyrannical take over. Molon labe
That kind of sucks. Shawn was one of the reasons I thought Sony was doing so good.. To lose him, in my eyes, is a pretty big blow..
Bitch it's not only my responsibility to make the world a better place, their only so much I can do. Get in your place.
BREAKING NEWS! Chris Hemsworth and Celine Dion have been spotted arguing in Hamilton. When confronted by The NZ Herald, they said they were expressing their hatred. Papparazi state the pair were spotted outside a petstore and have purchased a hippo. They are naming her Snowy.
Who is concerned about the well being of the 3 white boys whom the black girl accused of horrible racist bullying?
This right here sound like some gospel.. I lost my daddy the same week that they lost nipsey
and i don't want the world see me cause i don't think that they'd understand
Odd choice to seek foreign help to undermine the CIA. It’s not like they might not remember that later
‘Pagliacci’ Review: Betrayal Under the Big Top - The Wall Street Journal ツ #opera #operaholic
Everything will be relevant in the Senate trial, and everyone, no exceptions, should be subpoenaed and interrogated under oath. That means Hillary Clinton, Barack Obama, John Brennan, James Comey, Peter Strzok, and the entire gang behind the coup.
There's no need to be out in it and risking your life. 3. Kids, think 2 before sending them off to school/college. During Imelda I've noticed that stupid HISD didn't cancel school when they should've! Instead they put your kids at risk in the rain and the floods! Think 2
this gets even harder and dumber to talk about though because Derrida style deconstruction is about this process of finding, as a critic, internal contradictions in a text, often emerging on the level of linguistics... which is only soooort of like TV Tropes "Deconstruction"
chile HTGAWM is bad bad. now I know your taste is trash. Let season and the one before was horrible.
I do, too. I tried to have a civil conversation with ultimate Bernie Bro Cusack about how we should not only support Bernie but all who seek to promote the policies he has championed over the years, and I immediately got piled on and numbers shamed for followers...
I have never heard mention anything good in any government except the one you rule over. No doubt that your knowledge is home based with high concoction of selfish mentality.
“Some death”? —> Not fine if the chance of death from vaccines is higher than the chance of death from the disease itself.
i can barely listen to any songs on i am not because they remind me of the concert and make me sad i’m
Thread by : "Young King checks his teacher for using the N word SALUTE Sorry, your browser doesn't support embedded videos HISTORICAL CONTEXT MATTERS! It […]"
I’m already applying force on her jugular, so the lack of oxygen to her brain is causing her eyes to roll back
Listening to two Irish catholic women on  currently “discussing “ abortion and the amount of prayer required for the women undertaking the process !! ALL religions are dangerous poisonous fairytales and should be outlawed unequivocally!!
I need a attitude adjustment but I can’t go like that mfs a be driving me crazy running me wild n I ain’t the one for that shit
could the circular silhouette be this current fortnite world/map, and the battle bus is going back in time to like the season 4 map?
Selling a football ticket for this weekend!!! For the low!
I Think Biden, Unless He Is Convicted Or Censored. They Almost Have To Now, To Clear Him In Front Of The Public, Because It Would Further Hurt Obama's Legacy, And Make Him Complicit With Biden's Crimes.
DAVIDO fans start coming out on Twitter wizkid fc: DAVIDO fans are threatening our lives wizkid drops two trash he calls music, and people call the song out for being trash wizkid fc: all these people trash talking joro has been paid to do so. wizkid fc, pick a hustle now
whether it was to disciple this kid or not, it causes an entire new problem. this kids gonna go to school the next day and get harassed for being bald. as if bullying doesn’t cause young children to commit suicide. i don’t care what the reason was. this is wrong either way
I love it. I think Trump is Australian because he sure knows how to use that boomerang! The more shit the Democraps throw at him the more crap comes back to them and his ratings go up! Keep it up DEMOCRAPS!
My fingers hurt from guitar playing. Does this count for anything?
And then the POTUS ran out the oval office door abandoning the battlefield to the press, something that has never been done before.
The Congressional Republicans’ track record is 100 percent FAIL so far - even after we delivered them the majority AND a Republican administration - so our expectations are low. Very. But hey! Fox News talking heads are selling a lot of books!
Give the hog a break. He only had three drinks at the bar because he has a fear of flying.
Isaac wearing fake pink horns and round framed glass without the glass
So what's the problem? If they did nothing wrong, then there's nothing to find. Right? Right?
This is like the 6th time Trump has used the “(Person) is lying but also they must be spying on me if they have that info” logic pretzel
I'm not disagreeing with his argument. I'm just referring to what the ICIG claims in this latest document.
#Prairies: Schools closed amid dangerous, record-breaking snowstorm.  broke its all-time September daily snowfall record on Sunday after 24.6 cm of snow fell, making it the snowiest September day for city #snowtember2019 #ABstorm - https://www.theweathernetwork.com/ca/news/article/mammoth-snow-storm-sets-new-records-in-the-prairies-calgary-alberta-southern-saskatchewan-dangerous-travel-blizzard-conditions-power-outages-tree-damage …
They're mostly Democrats in Maryland trying to ruin my life. Maryland corruption tied to Dyck-O'Neal Thomas Kokolis's corrupt attorney buddy Eric DeBear married Barack Obama's personal travel secretary. The corruption I'm fighting went straight to the Barack Obama
You are appropriately surmising how most of the country feels right now! Stunned! Our taxes have paid for this corruption and unadulterated depravity-This is nit onlyba “ cancer on the presidency”;but ,a cancer that has metastasized throughout the entire administration -
I would pass by this time capsule for my nearly 9 years and think “2019 is so far away!” And here we are...the time capsule was unearthed and opened 25 years later! Something that struck me from the...
At the end of the day, Don Gotti can’t blame no one but himself. #Hardball
One more: Waiting on The bus at night, Can give one Quite a fright. Danger lurks When you’re alone. You’ll feel better, When you’re home.
ok didn't know about the $15 million buy out. He won't be leaving lol
LIVING DEAD 2.0 Living Dead Chronicles  GET YOUR COPY: https://livingdead2.webs.com/ After a #zombie apocalypse takes a life of its own, survivors all have to accept living in a world that has forever changed. A world of the Living Dead. ..
Antifa are anti-fascist in name only. They are fascist in every other sense. They dont even know what a fascist is, I think, as shown in this video. If you disagree with this, you're a white supremacist according to the ADL. https://youtu.be/lwQF303h9dw
sees attractive man on bumble and in the same town sees he’s in the military and gets disappointed
why the fuck do so many white lesbian couples look like SIBLINGS i am Mortified
One more totally erroneous and debunked conspiracy “theory”. Right wing bs from the beginning.
Alex is a creepy and overly sexual person to the point that it upsets a lot of people and basically forced me to block him because I'm actually a legal adult and I didn't want to risk being called a pedo. He talks publicly about having sex with his gf even tho they're both minor
Whatever guys. The chances they let you in with a bomb again are very slim.
well, going by release order, you were supposed to do the opposite... no problem tho
Scam a signalFNF member and we will come at you with the force of a fucking truck for $5
DC family, yesterday a young man was killed in a shooting near the Shaw-Howard Metro. His name was Tahlil Byrd. A few friends and I were in the area when it all happened. Does anyone know if there is a planned vigil or a fundraiser for his family/funeral costs?
Spartan Football Weekly: Offense and Defense Scout Team Players of the Week!! #UDLeaveALegacy #ZweifelEra
“fighting for the 8th seed” you geek bro. It’s called rebuilding
Come on people, STOP COMPARING THIS TO THE CLINTON IMPEACHMENT! This is NOT THAT! It was as blow job for godsakes, this is TREASON!!
I had acid reflux for the first time this morning and I swear I wanted to end it all
soooo haley pham is just going to ignore all the backlash she got??? alright
You should do The Legend of Zelda next! Imagine the outrage that will cause!
If only a fire extinguisher could stop the Orange Blob.
We will protect the president with everything we have. The coup will not succeed.
They consider him illegitimate. Therefore anything his admin does - such as conducting routine DOJ investigations and seeking assistance from MLAT partners as every admin does - must be scandalous. The real scandal is how little integrity the press has.
33,100 extra 'PUBLIC SERVANTS' who do nothing but serve their Govt masters. Meanwhile people are waiting for over 1yr just to get an appointment with Dr in our hospitals. Govt takes the tax but doesn't provide the services. Fraud?
Ironic isn’t it? They were the anti establishment. The seekers of truth. Now look at them. They are the establishment. They are everything they say they hate. Careful. It’s going to turn on you very quickly.
I won’t leave, but my wife and I will probably retire. We’ll be gone in the winter!
Not true. The Steele Dossier was commissioned by a conservative media outlet, who then refused to pay when Trump got the nomination. Steele then offered it to Dems, Dems turned it over to the FBI. Trump should have bought it. Dumb move.
I am pretty sure I heard you say that the whistleblower form was changed in May 2019. That information is incorrect. The form was changed FOR this whistleblower. Way can't you get this shit right? Your job is to report accurate news. Your hatred of Potus blinds you. Shape up.
y’all had the nerve to promote something that looks this boring?
The menu music will be cut off before the week is over with.
I bet! I’m still working right now I might have to stop soon I just really need all the money I can get for these last 4 weeks
I suspect now that the leaks are happening, there will be many more.
"A SECOND Civil War", he says. Right...Try "A Syrian Civil War-Esque Situation". No, never mind, let them do their thing. Even some Faux News-ers are understanding that they've been on the Titanic for too long after the Hit...
Trump fires off: 'Quid pro Joe' and Democrats out to destroy the GOP https://www.bizpacreview.com/2019/09/30/trump-fires-off-quid-pro-joe-democrats-out-to-destroy-the-gop-832614 … via
  What in the world has the Democrat Party turned into?They hate borders,hate law-enforcement, hate men, hate whites, hate Republicans, love abortion, hate Christian’s, hate 2ndAmendment, hate our POTUS ,love high taxes, hate US FlagPARTY OF HATE
Think you are confused Peter. Illegal aliens is the legal term. I agree their parents and sex traffickers should be on the defense.
We heard you on  still trying to smear the Bidens. It was one of the few times  missed challenging a guest who was spreading conspiracy theories. Nice try at gaslighting.
It’s absolutely Goddamn incredible, and let’s put that on the To Do list for when we get together.
True enough, but as some will repeat over and over, we never lost an engagement in Nam. As the video circulating yesterday & today of the slaughter in the valley, things are not going well at all militarily for the Saudi coalition -- to say nothing of their muddled strategy.
I am especially tired of clergy members do that in denominations where the denominational structure provides benefits and retirement.
Wtf? What are they gonna do? Give them out loose? Go through a ton of effort to repackage them in the regular packages? Spend 10x more money buying edibles? This is just plain stupid & unrealistic
I was watching The DEFIANT ONES a few days ago and there was a part where #JimmyIovine was talking about donating to the #SpecialOlympics . How cool is that I thought. Then last night at the end of the #RamonAyala…
I was at the game and caught this injury. https://youtu.be/eyWl9Dwa1kk
girls only watch anime to complain about how the mega titted anime babes designs are sexist
Use the bag to flatten it out after you’ve put your dirty ass feet all on it and had it on the floor. Fix it Jesus.
I think these people are also part of the problem if they fly private ever. Some of the biggest champions of fighting climate change or poverty are the biggest hypocrites. Yes they are bringing awareness to an important topic but its hallow if they don't practice what they preach
Obama used the IRS, they admitted it and suffered no repercussions for doing so.
Congrats!!!!!!!!!!! I know what a pain in the ass that process is.
Then i cried for an hour which only caused to increase my fever. I still can't sleep and i have to wake up in the morning to go to another city
If you are a teen and not liberal, you don’t have a heart. If you are a grown adult and not a conservative, you don’t have a brain. You are ahead of the curve. Don’t waste your time on h8rs.
knowing a nigga being honest, but still calling him liar cause you in the mood to argue >>>
The claim that President Trump’s phone conversation with President Zelensky of Ukraine somehow constitutes an impeachable offense is ridiculous. But impeachment is a political act, not a legal one, and the Democrats’ motives are entirely political.
People can yell all they want, but it’s more effective to choose appropriate target audiences. Physical intimidation of those weaker is always a bad look, but more importantly, those that decry nazis shouldn’t forgo human decency. When that happens, they’ve lost the plot.
Christopher Steele. Foreigner. Paid directly by Hillary and the dnc, the FBI, and fusion GPS to produce the RUSSIAN DOSSIER on trump. Should those people be arrested, expelled from congress ?
Title: Sorry about Computer : I'm not sure I understand why people feel the need to read this thread.
adelaide is the worst state to live in when it comes to concerts
this video has the same energy as the video of the group fight and that woman who boofs all over everyone
My friend said Harry Potter and the prisoner of Azkaban
I'd say call him back to testify again.....but then he lied to Congress once under oath, so I doubt he cares much for the truth anyway.
One of the biggest icebergs recorded has broken away from an Antarctica. The massive block of ice - covering 1636 square kilometres - calved from the Amery Ice Shelf, the BBC reported. The iceberg, named D28, was estimated to weigh 315 billion tonnes. https://www.stuff.co.nz/environment/116225037/massive-iceberg-breaks-off-antarctic-ice-sheet …
What’s the Oreo Mystery flavor? I don’t wanna eat them.... I just wanna know because they smelled weird af.
No, but I think she will be tapped as VP by whoever gets the ticket. Then they will have an "accident " after taking office if they won...that is a BIG if though.
I got to catch the preview before all hell broke loose at work. Looking sharp!
All of the above' at the same damn time! And in a weird way' I'll probably thank them while telling them too go fuck themselves!
Literally any trio. What the fuck have these 3 entitled princesses have to be all angsty about and pull the fingers for Insta likes for? Nothing. But it's a big fuck you to all the poor fans who can't make enough in a year to buy a pair of those sunglasses or the tops
Will you? (Dirty) 1. No 2. Sii jaja 3. no con cualquiera 4. Si 5. Depende 6. si, depende 7. no sé Drop an emoji and I'll send the questions
hey alexa how many bitches can we fit in the tesla
Newt Gingrich is single-handedly responsible for the Patterson divided we currently face destroying our democracy right now until he came along we are doing okay at working together not the best but at least we work together until Newt https://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2018/11/newt-gingrich-says-youre-welcome/570832/ …
Don't rush God's perfect plan for you. Allow Him to work out the details.
He's playing a smart political game. In the absence of any real evidence, he knows impeachment will die in the senate. He will let the Democrats take all the heat on this fools errand.
about me LGBTQ+ ‍ ‍ BQ ‍ nope no ‍ nope ‍ unfortunately not ‍ fortunately not ‍ i’m the gay cousin ‍ yeah! ‍ yup :( ‍ like 13? ‍ online? 14. irl? 20. ‍ yeah :( ‍ damn straight!! drop an emoji for the questions
Can’t believe Blair telling lies. They have the gull to mention that conservatives will have weak laws when the liberals have been in power for the last 4 years and if anything they weakened the laws by allowing more power tonthhre criminals while in jail and nothing for gun laws
bruh icb i got schoolwork 2 do over the holidays .... shocked & offended
Fear mongering. Get lost . NOBODY in WH let alone a staffer wld ever talk to  Bill Barr is in Italy & Australia soliciting help frm foreign governments to get to the truth of foreign interference in our 2016 election since Mueller was a joke FISA ABUSE report coming.
Don’t change the subject- get back to impeachment whining.
Isn’t it sad, that this is old news to us who follow and pay attention to what the mainstream media doesn’t want us to know? This is old news to us, but new to so many. Adam “Fulluv” Schiff is a sniveling pencil-neck who desperately wants to think he’s a leading man in a movie.
ah this is the art inspiring pain I was looking for
DO IT NOW AND DON'T FORGET MICHELLE AND THE BRATS=GRANDMA TOO=DO IT NOW=ALL TO PRISON
Worth noting: The hype video claimed this is the Coachella Valley's first pro sports team. Wrong. Palm Springs was the Angels' California League affiliate from 1986-93. Among the alumni: Tim Salmon, Dante Bichette, Garret Anderson, Jim Edmonds, Bryan Harvey, Troy Percival.
Just resign already. Be a patriot for once and resign for the good of country.
Just to make sure you don't misunderstand, I'm a huge Sarah Silverman fangirl. But holy shit, seriously? Number 32????? This list is wack, even if I'm glad that Pete Holmes and Hannibal Buress are in the top 5. Wtf. Okay I'll stop now. But also I'm gonna make my own damn list.
I don't normally do this but I just got done watching  "in the shadow of the moon" and as an avid Pervear of the Scifi genre I have to tell you. Wow holy hell I want the last hour and 55min back the hell was the movie even supposed to be?
White cat doesn't understand privacy. Yeah kind of the difference between a Japanese and Westerner
I sure hope Dems screen shot this tweet as evidence for #WitnessTampering! Threatening the whistleblower who is a fellow American & have worked in his/her position for years is a tactic that a dictator would do & you have broke your oath of office! #ImpeachTrumpNOW
no cause jungkook in a manbun at the gym vlog is maybe happening
Finally got the stand up...this time on a small private parcel...hopefully no one messes with it now
oh, another flock of seething leftists willfully misinterpreting an observation as a threat. this is the very sort of behaviour which contributes to the sociopolitical climate on which trump remarked. the country *has* been on the brink of civil war, but they know that very well.
The most common reasons for startups to fail in 2017? http://rviv.ly/8H7zR
Events! It’s . In & out of the media-quick!They blame mass shootings on Trump, Epstein on Trump, Biden & his son on Trump! Yet, we can’t get the answers we deserve on their crimes. They’re over shadowing these important facts & focus on impeachment because he’s exposed it ALL!
Of course it was, because the entire MuhRussia was a flaming crock of shit that cost the tax paying citizens of this nation tens of millions of dollars. Heads will roll because of that.
Is your argument that this is a competent and justifiable use of the office of Attorney General?
Some people are so stupid here is someone commenting under a little romance comic of a short girl and a tall boy who are a year apart but the girl looks very young
no offense but that was just karma. that's the same demographic that voted for harper in the first place
It’s probably why he got the State Dinner. To bribe and butter him up. The man know no bounds.
Same here. He would have killed it on the dance floor.
But the savagery is what makes 107 get togethers that much better
When you fucked up the only advice a mf will give you is “damn that’s crazy” moral of the story is stop telling people what you got going on
darth_erogenous: Been working on this. darth_erogenous: Weird Al Yankovic implies the existence of a Normal Al Yankovic HumberSod99: that sucks man paulywalnuts : not funny xXx_10inches_xXx: not funny 𝗱𝗮𝗿𝘁𝗵_𝗲𝗿𝗼𝗴𝗲𝗻𝗼𝘂𝘀 𝗶𝘀 𝘁𝘆𝗽𝗶𝗻𝗴...
Hell no. I’m the one in the front keeping quiet and always a half step behind. Head down and pedal. Try not to worry about how much worse I am than everyone else.
He damn right This is a coup to unseat a duly elected president.. There are a lot of us who believe in him, not the swamp like you believe in
I was admitted to hospiral on Friday night. I just, on Tuesday morning, brushed my teeth for the first time. It's something so basic, yet it feels so good! I initiated it though, and am now wondering why no one asked about #oralcare ? Being a patient hurts my head sometimes.
Tired of bad news? I cycled 4mi to the grocery store and realized I forgot my wallet *after* everything was bagged. I left. As I unlocked my bike, I met Melissa from Lansing who covered my purchase. Thanks Melissa - I’ll be paying it forward!
 But the Dems’ focus? “China set to unveil Dongfeng-41 nuke that ‘can strike US in 30 minutes’ at 70th anniv parade” https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/10039105/china-set-to-unveil-dongfeng-41-nuke-that-can-strike-us-in-30-minutes-at-70th-anniverary-parade/ …
I guess that depends on how much of the dead wood within the Body of Christ burns away. Even now, when it's abundantly-clear that Christianity is being pushed to the margins (nearly always a precursor to persecution), there's still too much "team jersey" loyalty.
if zico says he didnt, then i believe him. honestly, he’s a smart dude. he knows the repercussions of lying to his fans and the public. so i highly doubt he would lie and risk his whole career like that.
sorry let me just Guarantee that this is the One Time ill get sick this semester so that i can stay home
the nail shop cut my toenails so short & filed them skinny i have granny feet now
My fault i didnt open the image fully just the game
Much better than Medicare’s criteria based care!!! My husband has obstructive & central sleep apnea & badly needed a sleep apnea machine to sleep with. In order for Medicare to pay for the machine,oxygen,etc. He had to fail 3 sleep studies to prove to MEDICARE what machine needed
Yeah he’s the stereotype now and now it looks sadder than ever. But he’s a parody account that just so happens to bully people.
So this is an argument against....books? Some ideas do deserve longer forms to fully flesh them out, right? Twitter cannot carry that. Books have served this function for a myriad of cultures for centuries. ALL of the climate scientists write in books. What's the deal?
Hahahhahaaaa!!! #FuckSec a money and power hungry posse of underachieving bureaucrats, who didn’t cut the passing grade for real world jobs.
I’m not pitch perfect, I just have the G note committed to memory. Do not ask me why
 this is why the war on #vaping exists in the US.   dont have public health on their mind only financial wealth.  I voted for you to drain the swamp, not facilitate it. #wevapewevote   https://altgov2.org/surgeon-general-tobacco-stock/ …
I mean they are lopsided as hell but the actual stitching is tight
Y’all ever heat up chipotle left overs and forget bout the guac in it this goin make me sick I can feel it
I'm concerned about the fallen driver though. Seems bad.
Poor Trump, is he really the dumbest POTUS ever? Intelligent minds KNOW Schiff was not quoting Trump verbatim. Schiff did what even a high school essayist should recognize: he gave an "interpretative meaning" based on the author or speaker's actual words.
If your sign a cancer stay the hell away from me lol he ruined it for all y’all
Lmao bitch I’ll have nyokie come get you the weekend to come over cause risha be lying
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀Sebastian was on his way out of the manor . Demonic irises stared down upon her blue ones ; the lack of soul disgusting him . ❝ Oh ; the inhuman . A lucky rodent in a royal disguise . ❞
Just sh00t the in the head when it pops out.. less pain.
Toxic synthetic chemicals, known as "forever chemicals" for their extreme hardiness to resist degradation once they are released into the environment have been detected in 74 California water sources that deliver water to more than 7.5 million people https://www.ecowatch.com/forever-chemicals-california-drinking-water-2640793789.html …
On very next day tried to book the same bus again and the same thing happend so I thought again we will get our refund as this happened last time as well but when we were traveling we checked our email dashboard and look like that bus booked but the same was not successful.
that entire bottom non echo row is absolutely entirely impossible i think. also the concept of a arcsys character in smash that isnt literally sol or ky is making me scream
You guys might both be missing the point. If the players control their likenesses then companies will have no choice. Video games and merchandisers will have to pay the athletes . Under the current system, they don't pay the athletes a cent. Schools get paid.
Barr is the biggest treason maker in Trump administration.
The Germans sank a majority of them and hardly anything got through..if the channels were cut off from the south and Africa was occupied how did anything get from South Africa??? You people know nothing
DROP IN A BUCKET Catch every drop from the leaking ceiling before it hits my vintage shag carpet!
imagine dropping out of a class the day before a test bc u have a fear of failure BUT i wont need that class anyway when i change my major
THE WAR OF THE WORLDS (2019) TV Mini-series Trailer: Humanity Fights for Survival During an Alien Attack [BBC] https://ift.tt/2mpzEg6
These brownshirts have no idea how differently it's going to end for them, compared to the ones in Nazi Germany, especially in the land of the Second Amendment
A month back, while trimming a tree, I stepped on a yellow jacket nest & got whacked about 10x (=10x the toxins) by the bastards. Rash developed on my chest and arms w/swelling at arms and feet. I used health plan’s ‘virtual doctor visit’ (telehealth) to get a steroid pack.
Me finishing my test early: :) My grade bc the only reason I finished early was that I didn’t know shit:
For bringing Meghan into the Kate photo privacy lawsuit.
You're right. But his hands are tied, he's forced to play him as striker. We can't pressurize Greenwood and the injury to Martial is a big blow. We need time to get in the correct players.
Why do people keep including Clemson in this? We have nowhere near the financial clout of other big name schools. If anything, this situation would hurt Clemson
Im pro-choice and I say they should have left them up. If you try to silence one side of an ongoing debate on morality, you're going to create resentment and anger. The image hurts nobody. Well I guess it may hurt women who had abortions and regretted it, but thats emotional
I'm not sure if you're aware, but Irish is just one of the Gaelic family of languages! It was my grandmother's native tongue - she had to learn English when she went to America.
A whistleblower complaint is separate from a criminal proceeding. The rules of evidence do not apply. This is not hard to understand, unless you’re a lying swamp toady like Gaetz.
you ready for tonight i wish nothing but the best #VoiceBlinds
That is messed up, so sorry you were treated like that. Why can't people just keep their mean thought in their heads. I get similar things with the transphobes. sis
Antifa helping Trump get reelected by middle America one Twitter or Facebook video at the time. Videos like this really anger of those leaning slightly right or slightly left of center. This kind of shit is really hurting their cause.
Catholicism is for you evil. Why they didn't make 1 for good I dunno. But if they do, all it takes is a wish of the tiniest proportions from your mouth and whisper it in a good way.
American Historian explains why the #GOP is dead  and  transfer their obedience to Putin's Puppet #realDonaldTrumphttps://www.rawstory.com/2019/09/a-historian-explains-why-the-republican-party-is-dead/#.XZKTzMxbhVM.twitter …
im literally restless 24/7 I’m always looking for the next thing to do i HATE IT i can never enjoy the moment or be in the present why someone tell me why
Firstly, the Keith Vaz story was covered extensively, secondly, you seem to be forgetting the fairly major issue of consent; whatever you think of Vaz’s actions they were consensual, what Johnson has been accused of is sexual harassment/assault and should be taken very seriously.
Line has been shit. And he is a work horse type running back that is averaging 11 carries a game. He wont do much carrying the ball that few times. Needs more touches and the steelers have not been in situations to do so
Borrowing from  HOW DARE YOU?? #ImpeachDisbarBARR HOW DARE YOU pervert an entire agency to do special-interest, political bidding of  HOW DARE YOU PERVERT the agency tasked w/ pursuing JUSTICE for American People.
Labour have principles. I may not like them, but they have them. The Lib Dems have nothing! They change their position constantly. They are a pastiche.
after i buy/sell shit on craigslist, i always google the people bc new york is wild. for example- i just bought a dresser from the emmy award editor of the jinx.
I hate that I’m on the losing side of this argument
Labor? You make them sound like slaves. They CHOSE to play college football. Nobody forced them. And the scholarships ARE compensation. All this does is confirm that kids don’t go to college to get educated anymore. It’s a shame really.
niggas: *uploads a clip of them doing a bounce, proceeding to turn in a 360 degrees rotation then scoping in fully and shooting someone* the replies: OMFG! DAMN THAT WAS SO SICK BRO!!! me, an intellectual:
I've played him since day 1. MU's and playing just gets harder and harder the more people figure out. He needs safety options + a scary mind game or two. His mind game rn is: I can do X and be this punishable OR I can extend my reach with Y option and be MORE negative
Will Oscars Embrace 'Joker,' a Comic Book Movie Without a Superhero but With Gun Violence? - The Hollywood Reporter
Man he used to be a terror and this is all it’s been for the last 4 years
21st watch-through. There is defs some kind of sketch deal going on in the line to get back into the Land of the Dead
PUBG Mobile Crossing avec The Walking Dead ce week-end http://conseilsjeux.com/pubg-mobile-crossing-avec-the-walking-dead-ce-week-end/ …
Don’t act like the victim boo, you’re facing the consequences of your own damn acts.
 just released Turn Off The Light, Vol 2. There are SEVENTEEN amazing songs on it, so go stream it bitches.
Or the other way to state it is he is going after criminal activity committed by politicians who have screwed Americans for far too long.
I agree about political using plebs to get riled up. I have no favorable opinion of most Republicans, they had both houses and the executive branch and yet did not pass anything to fix our immigration problem. We should e-verify and prosecute businesses who thumb their noses.
When Cain created his sons it was for one reason and one reason only. He trained them, raised them, & bred them for the battle of taking over heaven. Does Erin Gabe Liam & the rest of the Order have the stop them? See #Halloween in #OFC: Level 1 - #horror #asmsg #ian1 #booklovers
Wait shouldn't that be 1870? That head injury from the Civil War has messed up my short term memory.
In reality: Sean Davis walks into tense silent newsroom “People on the internet are disagreeing with me, which isn’t fair at all. We need to block everyone who disagrees with me, and completely move the goalposts” Staff cheering. “Lies, lies, lies!”
Ah that’s just the first sign .... the ears are the final step .... the smell of singed hair as the flaming methylated spirits are wafted inside The first time that was done came as a complete shock, I was waiting for the trimmer
It's like they playing in real games but got practice rules on their mind. Like no don't touch and I'm sick of them talking lets be physical and letting 3rd string Te's block them .. Also nobody blocks on fumbles or interceptions look at the film ..
 You ready for it it’s coming.Sink or swim a massive tsunami hits the Santa Monica pier lots of devastation comes their way.Some firefightersare in the middle of it.On this new episode of 9-1-1 tonight. So get ready to hold on tight it’s going to be a hell of a ride.
I was wondering why son wasn’t getting harassed and kicked out then I seen the hand
"White people will shoot people up because of this very problematic movie" Movie comes out "Nobody was shot during the problematic movie and we still don't know why"
Look at the #sunset trying to be #extracute and #glowy because it knows I’m moving away from this #view. I’ll miss my tiny #backyard. #movingon #lifeisgreat #gainesville
on going relationships with devout evangelical women during the Satanic Panic
And aren't the values in some order? Isn't it really a LIST of issues?
I heard you talking about delloy almost not being approved as an owner for running his mouth. Other than the video at the royals game where else has he run off unfiltered. Or is it more trying to micromanage the team with no soccer knowledge?
will of the DNC- Republicans fought so that blacks had the right to vote against the will of the Dnc-Republicans fought segregation and intergrated blacks into white school against the will of the DNC- Robert Byrd was the longest Democratic representative and a kkk Grand Wizard !
did you pay to get the hourglasses? or you collected them i'm crying
finally caught the flu after ages of trying to avoid it
Virginia sixth-grader now says she falsely accused classmates of cutting her hair https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/education/virginia-sixth-grader-now-says-she-falsely-accused-classmates-of-cutting-her-hair/2019/09/30/ad0cbd92-e390-11e9-a331-2df12d56a80b_story.html … The tragedy of this is that there is so much real hate in the world. There was never any need to invent any extra.
Lmfao, I’m so tired of deleting games and I refuse to trade it in with the ps5 rumours
i accidentally got nail polish remover on my moms dresser and used black acrylic paint to cover where it ate the wood bye no one tell my mom
Nope, If you shoot at someone and miss, it's still a crime. You solicited a foreign country to investigate your opponent, by your own account of the events, they chose not to participate. #Impeachment #Treason #IdiotInChief #Dotard
ICYMI ..... all poorest states in the country are Republican-run/Red states
Uh... Oh..... TigerBin is back ... Not a good sign when he is seen outside the studio... Am ...scared
They said the whistleblower has no direct knowledge. IC IG tonight said that was a lie. It was a fake news hack job article. Be a man and call it out.
I feel "clearer" memory-wise but so far the depression hasn't budged.
You’ve had it tough. I imagine the former crime is worse?
The Odds of Trump Being Impeached are Still Substantially Low  #BitChute
my toxic trait is that i hide in the backyard to see if anyone will notice that i’m gone and come looking for me
Thanks that there are many of us who are frustrated with the impractical ideologists.
We Republican are conservative Christians and we that all mankind is equal under god-1865 the civil war was and DNC refuse to free the slave so the ku klux klan aka kkk- to genocide the black race- but we Republicans stop them-Republicans fought and gave citizenship against the..
 this account has been suspended  without doing any problem please let me know why you suspended?? this accounts didn't break the twitter rules and didn't insult anyone .. why suspend them ?!
She's supposed to be "Christian" yet she's saying no guy has ever turned her down for sex and she begs for more alcohol. Not a match for the prude.
Recently the hoax that a group of whites cut the dread locks off a black girl.
No rain, so the creek behind our house is nearly dry. Apparently this fox jumped our neighbor’s fence to drink from their pool. #ncwx
All of the above but I have been using Working Hands the longest. I still swear by it to heal your cracked fingers in the dry, cold winter season up here is NW Wisconsin!
Why have not the Snakes been arrested I’m sure there’s enough evidence of wrong doing, Brennan, Clapper, Hillary, Obama etc u wait they keep coming take the head off the Snakes u r President quite soft showing go with gut listen to your Patriots not all advisors Go Getem Pres.
‘The butcher with the sharpest knife has the warmest heart.’ -The Prisoner, Episode 5.
Damn I ain’t no Greek bro made the team. That’s wassup
 is 1 of the worst players I've seen play for  should be thrown into a skip
Just a reminder: Seb Gorka (full disclosure, he’s blocked me here on Twitter) was drummed out of the Trump White House because he could not get a clearance. Also, it was unclear what his role was other than white nationalist.
Lately I’ve been seeing the true character of some people & it disgusts me
Steady talkin on the low but when I’m around they silent
I used to watch it before it got popular. When they was just ordinary mfs and Kylie as young af and had no lips and Bruce Je-..... Yeah u get what im sayin. After that it just got stupid. Got tired of all the crying and fighting over the simplest bullshit.
through the confederate era-where the confederacy law stated that if you were dark skin you were to be a slave-that has done more than Donald Trump-remember it was Republicans like Trump and us that emancipated slavery from the confedaracy aka as the DNC...
No matter how much I want to be there for the wedding... I'm not that stupid for going there without invitation. Glad I'm not that creepy. It's so disrespectful for you to do that
The higher you build walls around your heart, the harder you fall when someone tears them down—Unknown
Or really, in this case, if the individuals involved personally reveal more than the call does, pretend only the call exists.
And the Democrats want to arrest the President, so here we are.
I hate bullies too! I was with OG until she went too far with the Thomas thing. She went too far and I no longer see her as a sympathetic character. She is just like all the rest: aggressive, petty, irresponsible. I hope she finds a way to redeem herself
Less than a week after report stating these types of accidents will be on the rise?
It is way past time to get Trump out of office. He is threatening civil war. Dont make the mistake of thinking his words have gotten past the deranged lunatics that support him. It hasnt.
Upset that my brain still remembers the name Dieter Addison.
All of this is bad. The first thing that came to mind, is looking up from a book or nap and having to look at my fellow passengers, in the face, for hours on end *shudders*
Robin turned towards him fully, Levin Sword at the draw. He began to approach him. "I'm sorry my bloodline isn't filled to the brim with weak tea drinkers."
Vic doesn't owe them anything, they're the ones squeezing him out of cons, out of jobs, and ruining his career
Unfortunately in boxing you fight probably in 6 months the next fight to get on the win column but other sports for example football you have a bad game or lose you have another game the next week.
Jesus Christ, in Jerry Springer The Opera, 2003: “Actually, I’m a bit gay.” In 2005, the Christian Institute tried to bring a prosecution against the BBC for screening Jerry Springer the Opera, but the UK courts refused to issue a summons.
You’re body is full of sensation receptors called nerves. As far as I know, there aren’t any confides in the human body :/
I've not even flown with Ryannair and I hate Ryannair? How the hell does one figure out baggage
The final Byakuya vs ichigo fight still top 5 bleach fight for me
Yeah admittedly it was a little fucked up. Especially in the finale!
Just saw a pic of Kanye in the Mad Max/Treach leather vest and the worst denim, same joints George Costanza had smh
“Data from numerous sources, including the Anti-Defamation League...” and...ya lost me.
It’s not going to be long before we see the Senate GOP dam burst. Y’all will never believe who the GOP Rebel leader is, and...
i got past the vampire episode and i thought i was prepared for whatever it had to offer but i was Wrong
If your understanding of egolessness and emptiness is causing you to disengage, or grow more apathetic and dismissive toward the details and problems of your own life and the world you live in, that’s not ultimate truth. That’s a psychological trap called spiritual bypassing.
Flowers are placed in Sandra Verastegui’s front yard in Cary. The 52-year-old was hit and killed while taking out the trash.  #wral
Just hold still. I'll get that nasty beard for you.
I'm confused, if trump and the Republicans claim Mueller found nothing and it was a bust. Why is Barr and god knows who else, traveling around the world trying to get a different outcome of the report?
This is bullshit.. So this guy got arrested 4 years earlier, then waits until the officer wins officer of the month and says something. Dont hold a grudge do ya. Of course your innocent, all criminals are innocent..that's why you got arrested..
You disrespect the words of Marcus Garvey. You present a bastardized version of his work. You shame me for knowing his work and spreading it. Why?
Fittingly for the Halloween season, I just thought about 's short-film "Becoming". I think it deserves more attention, or maybe a second watch. It conveys suspense with very little means and perfectly avoids modern horror cliches.https://youtu.be/VsLoGI-ZIcs
I realized the bitches wit da most social media clout aint got shitt in real life , close to shit
It is unfortunate this is the new norm in every state and on a federal level. Instead of actually working for the taxpayers to find common ground they prefer to blame the other side. Disappointed both sides cant find some common ground. Can’t have it all, try some give and take!
couple rejects from the vietnam war you better check them for ptsd Gun-toting far-right group says, 'We ARE on the verge of a HOT civil war' after unhinged Trump tweet https://www.dailykos.com/story/2019/9/30/1888954/-Gun-toting-far-right-group-says-We-ARE-on-the-verge-of-a-HOT-civil-war-after-unhinged-Trump-tweet …
That’s the major problem with Moon Knight, Egyptian Gods wouldn’t give a Jewish character/person Powers
Man the could’ve kept that damn bill... focus on you, your health and recovery. God got you
English sonic twitter: knuckles says bruh you just posted cringe in the clown hell world! Japan sega twitter:
No brainer here that these are the last dips ever.
Did you check the cable for defective lanes? (Device needed) Alternative: Have you tried using another cable? Do you have onboard WiFi? Does it get ip from dhcp? (When using WiFi) Have you try to configure network settings manually?
Just got home from TwitchCon, what a crazy fucking 2 weeks man, spent the past week in San Diego now the next week is literally going to be me grinding Shadowkeep everyday, going to work with 2 hours of sleep and coming home and doing it again. Pumped for the new Raid Saturday.
Putin- Hallo Trump Trump- hi master Putin - you know this whole problem with the horrible dossier? I would never tape peepee But I bet it start in Ukraine Trump - pee is gross!!! Putin - this is the exact think Ukraine do, they accused cousin Vasily the same way, call them
During the Republican Primary of 2016 Republican Establishment said to a man that  was unfit for office and a lunatic. Since the #IdiotInChief assumed office the  knows he’s unfit for office but have chosen Trump over country. All have betrayed oath of office.
Asking because I truly don’t know the answer to these: This police lady was charged with murder because she shot a guy in his home thinking he was an intruder in *her* home, right? What’s the evidence she had any idea what she was doing, and this wasn’t some terrible accident?
Yikes! Big controversy brewing in Miami over a Democrat legislator’s anti-Cuban bigotry. According to The Miami Herald, ’s “comments also embarrassed some of her Democratic colleagues...” https://www.miamiherald.com/news/politics-government/article235622827.html …
Never been a big Marcus Peters fan but damn. He did not deserve that and it should be treated the same as if it was done to a WR or RB.
Same here. What I’m learning is assume the absolute worst, though they’ll likely redefine worst.
I guess if you're attempting to expose a conspiracy theory you might as well take along the physical embodiment conspiracy theories. No need to hide it anymore.
Hehe, that's why I have an entire playlist called "why the fuck was this in my recommended?"
That's not how it works dumbass! You might as well say "The guy I'm holding a gun to his head isn't saying he felt threatened at all..."
Exactly . So losing me is the biggest L you gone make .
Was just thinking this as i watched the fakenews via . This is exactly whats going on...getting close to the russian investigation so the Dems are roadblocking with the Ukraine bullshit
I miss the concert. Dapat tiket tapi tidak sekalian dengan ongkosnya. Musibah musibah.
I got into a beef with the Walmart™ meat department cuz Walmart™ Sucks!
At least you had an excuse. Me? Just dropped the plastic box, it broke, and 96 tubes of E. coli and Salmonella go tumbling underneath everything.
Oh man it always bug me in the wrong way! Specially when it's about NSFW. "Sex is not like that- you shouldn't do that and this people dont do it" Well yeah. No. It's not real. Its p o r n and absurd by default.
Biden should not have asked news networks to stop interviewing Giuliani. In the eyes of some Americans, that makes him look partisan, fragile, and in cahoots with the liberal media. Giuliani will implode on his own.
Wrong. America OVER party. A future sinister Democrat President should get the same treatment. We want full investigation on anything that does not appear appropriate with 100% transparency and White House participation.
Dino Stamatopoulos, comedy writer, actor and producer (Mr. Show, TV Funhouse, Mad TV, The Dana Carvey Show, Late Show with David Letterman and Late Night with Conan O'Brien)
I like the fact that no one can see the face of queen mercy,there are levels to this shit back to voting #BBNaija
Yes, Andre Tiranda. One of the most dangerous man in the Indonesian underground music scene. Sad eh :(
That’s the end of my ted talk that no one seemed to notice but that’s why I really enjoy this app. I get to put my existential crisis that I have every other day and turn it into entrainment for myself later in the future till next time
OMG WOW YOURE THE SWEETEST wtf! Thank you!!! I thought you were gonna send me a link and I was gonna figure it out from there but you da bomb
THE DEMOCRATS NEED TO STOP ALL OF THIER GARBAGE AND GET IT THROUGH THIER THICK HEADS WHAT THEY HEARD FROM THE PRESIDENT OF UKRAINE !!! ENOUGH IS MORE THAN ENOUGH ALREADY !!! STOP WITH THE EVIL GAMES DEMOCRATS !!!
guess whos is crying bcs of this in the early morning
I first heard her sing when I was very young. I had never heard a voice like that. She was majestic. She filled the hall. The hair on my arms stood on end. I think the hair on my head also stood on end. I will never forget it.
Hey ! You’re so kind! I’dto be gifted this! 1/2 would go to my parents: 1 is struggling w/Stage IV cancer & the other had retina surgery. They can barely afford bills & food. The rest I’d use to #support_a_teacher to #clearthelist for my class & others! $PositivePaulie
do u ever just want someone to have a crush on u for the heck of it
I just started the movie and then will watch season 4. I've heard that Rob Thomas and Kristen Bell are both up to do more with Hulu.
Jim Ryan taking over at PlayStation makes me feel uneasy about the PS5 era of Sony.
Jessye Norman, Regal American Soprano, Is Dead at 74 - The New York Times ⁦ ⁩ ⁦ ⁩ ⁦ ⁩ ⁦ ⁩ ⁦ ⁩⁩ ⁦ ⁩ ⁦ ://www.nytimes.com/2019/09/30/obituaries/jessye-norman-dead.html?smid=fb-nytimes&smtyp=cur …
The mere fact that classes and government work were suspended is proof that the strike was successful. The message of the strike couldn't be any clearer but hey, what do you expect from this government? #NoToJeepneyPhaseout
Hey man. Not sure if you’re trolling or if you actually believe that but Trump is objectively the most divisive political figure in modern history. There’s plenty of blame to go around but he is far from innocent.
I’ve watched half my family collapse in the last year I’m not prepared to see the other half do the same.
Did winkle the Bernie bro get banded from Twitter or did he block me?
No, Boston has 2 ball stoppers as their primary options, Hayward has his injury and Horford is just solid, Boston was overrated all the way.
Shits mad weird yo. It’s the complete opposite for me .. yalll backwards as fuck! I’ll let my girl go anywhere any time. I don’t own her... you in her face, i let her breath.
This idiot elevated a drunk rapist to the Supreme Court with the help of Susan Collins, now he is barking ? Any Republican listening to this guy ?
 currently watching an episode of Murder She Wrote, and guess who’s one of the guest stars
You should be ashamed of your words, actions and of caving to the even crazier!
Fuck it whoever slides $10 so I can get the Cupid's Dagger gets 10 glows for you and your friends
Also to whoever unfollowed me over the last month, you're all abhorrent cunts
I forget titles, but know what colors were on the cover. I have been looking for a certain orange book for decades. (Professional woman returns to f'd up Southern family. Young wife of crazy brother is called "the vessel".)
She too thought Indians had accepted emergency and that she would come back with a bigger mandate. But the electorate spoke otherwise.
s3 was the most watched show in 4 days with 40 million viewers. they hate to see it!
Nigerians can be so naive. The guy would just look for one word and repeat it and make it rhyme and they would be shouting jam
Dawg when I buy a house in AZ I’m technically gonna be buying the land they stole from Mexico. Smh.
Pero yung The 1975 reference ni Marsela ih... You never found love in the city ba, ineng?
I’m blocking him too. I wasn’t involved in any of this either but he is bringing up drama that happened weeks ago and pretending to be the victim. It’s clear just by going back and reading all his tweets and I’m bothered by this behavior of an account representating a magazine.
Wow, you are really deluded. We read the transcript which shows you doing a shake down and that your own administration tried to hide it shows they knew it was bad alsol
i don't know what the R/T stands for but i'm sure it's a hate word
Candy corn is by far the worst candy on earth you might as well eat candle wax
Even tho the kids wrong, he doesn’t deserve this. Shame on u pakpol
I Think Biden, Unless He Is Convicted Or Censored. They Almost Have To Now, To Clear Him In Front Of The Public, Because It Would Further Hurt Obama's Legacy, And Make Him Complicit With Biden's Crimes.
I’ve been at work all day 1 so I’m already over it and 2 it dosen’t even look like you have a wife idk what you made you think my pregnant ass would want to help YOU recruit bitches for porn, even people that I personally KNOW. The fuck is wrong with these fried ass niggas?
So  how is your soul now after voting to confirm illegitimate Gorsuch and perjuring Kavanaugh? The massive debt-exploding tax cut for the top .1%? You have no soul.
The radical change is to stop going.... the laws of supply and demand will cause prices to fall
Tulsi was my choice.. but the media decided who they wanted instead. Biden would be my pick now.. Tulsi/Yang ticket would be awesome.. but again the media doesn't want them therefore they don't get the star treatment they deserve.
we're approaching another Mercury Retrograde in Scorpio. people from the past may be coming back but for many it is only a test. pay attention to the red flags. this person hasn't changed.
L.Graham deserves to be investigated for lying, and supporting the criminal president.
after the election, they will forget the black community exists, as normal
We are trying to stop the madness by getting the mad king out.
Oh Donnie, it's over......resign and you just might, MIGHT be pardoned out of pity. My Republican friends can jump ship now with no shame. Hang on to this train wreck and the party never recovers from it.
One of these days I'm gonna steal one of your ideas and write the whole thing
Afrika Bambaataa - Zulu War Chant - (The Funky Remix) https://youtu.be/kP9lgKKlYi0
You ever just sensitive as fuck one day and the most heartless cold bitch the next
It SHOULD be an impeachable offense for a sitting President to deliberately MISLEAD the American people (LET ALONE calling for their supporters to start CIVIL WAR II when he's found guilty). How irresponsible can he get? #TrumpIsANationalEmbarrassment #MobBossTrump
If it's done right. [ Hideki shrugs. ] The second time? That was in self-defense. He ripped out my ECHOeye first. You'd have to be insane if you think *YOU'LL* have the pleasure of killing me. No way, sweetheart.
THIS!! lead in part to the current FTC  investigation. Plus,  recently broke its contract w/Amazon. I stopped feeding the giant last year. “How Amazon’s Business Practices Harm American Consumers” https://link.medium.com/kJM0LOSTp0
Funny how the female population overthinks everything so the male population doesn’t have to think at all....women always seem pick up the slack for men and we still get paid less wtf is this bullshit
A President that threatens/instigate a civil war against the country should be removed from office immediately. Everyone he appointed to office should vacate immediately. All these appointments are NULL & VOID.  should take lead in this.
So our editor (it's just ) got sick, so the next episode will be delayed a bit longer than we thought. In the mean time we encourage you to plug in your headphones and imagine you're listening to our new episode.
Manga: Tsunade's unmatched in combat; Tsunade's called the strongest kunoichi; Tsunade was the only medic who can fight on the front lines; Tsunade says her student has to learn to fight on the front lines DB: Tsunade = Jiraiya & Oro : Tsunade's a medic & not a fighter.
So. Im driving down Big Horn and I see a fuckin child waving a gun in the front seat. A caucasian child. So i pulled up next to Karen and her son Scott, dialed 911 while staring at her and gave them her license plate.
the coastal divide is alive and well over here don't let nobody tell you different. They really hate on us out here just for being from NEw Yawk
From Lukov with Love, The Cruel Prince, Faking It, Furyborn, Serpent & Dove etc I can give you my Goodreads account so you can search through my lists if you want
this is the stupidest thing i've read my whole entire life. i had 3 slightly working braincells before reading this and now i have -16. thank you candy
 your "leader" calling for, or threatening "civil war"? seriously? think of the bulk of his "followers." do you really think they differentiate between "rhetoric" and "reality"? why can't you find the courage to stand up for America?
Same old, same old crap - how are the racists in remoaner Liebour, these days?
He's the worst kind of liar, he lies right to your face with a smile.
So what’s to say ! Our man in London , Alexander had drinks with Trumps man George who told him about the Russians.Please PM don’t allow yourself to get dragged into this nonsense.
no STOP I LIKE HIS VOICE BUT SOMETIMES IT DOESN'T FIT WITH THE MUSIC WELL
More prosperity. Less violence. More beer choices. I think economists and historians call that the trifecta
People who want Trump to follow the law are REAL Americans, some Democrat, some Republican. Too bad you’re just a pedophiles emoji.
It has to do with signing deals with companies, played for the use of their name from whomever is using it, the NCAA would pay em for television views primarily and that would be just about it, but the school has no part in payment
My quest for subtitles continues. I tried watching Bungo with Korean subs before and I just got more confused. Netflix finally released the English subs a few weeks ago, but the series is limited to the 1st season.
Packing & unpacking are the worst things about a trip
I’m not sure why the critics choose a film to unanimously hate sometimes. I actually liked  . It had its problems, but I was still moved at the end.
No more PSN cards from me to many fucking little bitches playing the try and scam me game i am fucking sick of it.
Cuando no hay argumentos, empiezan las descalificaciones
When you're bi and insecure and you see someone of the same sex you don't know when you want to fuck them or be them???? #biseks #biseksuel #bisexual
I have to stop smoking for the next 4 months and my anxiety has gone through the roof.
Good God dude... WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH YOU! #RACISTPIG
“This tour is perhaps the only moment anyone has ever been annoyed that someone didn’t bring their kid with them to a public event.” Prince Harry and Meghan in South Africa: James Weir behind the scenes of royal tour https://www.news.com.au/entertainment/celebrity-life/royals/james-weir-recaps-the-behind-the-scenes-mess-of-harry-and-meghans-tour-of-south-africa/news-story/f96e5277bdec2cc001dc21f68d84ffd7 …
I think I’m about to cut kelani hair all the same length and let it regrow itself out.
#TraitorTrump is furiously trying to win the meme war by saying & tweeting some of the most preposterous & incendiary things ever. 'Does anyone believe him?' is the wrong question. Right one: are people still paying attention to him? Are his memes still dominant? #ImpeachTrumpNow
Was watching his Tool review but I didn’t mind that he didn’t like it. He seemed like he had actually listened to it and also noticed the crappy keyboards I had noticed too. But I saw Darkthrone and Megadeth reviews where he complained the music was too aggressive, essentially.
#California is suffering today after fatal shooting. #POTUS, stop the bloodshed. #BackfireTrump
Tavistock: The Illuminati’s Psychological War on Society https://shar.es/aX8LI1
Made a little montage of a 5 Kill start of Armed and Dangerous. Got the HypeZone win but the footage was blurry . Check it out! Check out my Mixer! http://Mixer.com/bouuze      #SupportSmallStreamers
thanks for making us bi people feel like shit because we “don’t go through as much” i can’t tell you how much shit i’ve gotten because i like the same gender
A season-long suspension for Vontaze Burfict is far too light of a punishment. He has too many dirty hits over his career to allow him to play in the NFL beyond this year.
I read king of the cosmos in a neutral milk hotel voice :|
What in the hell would possess her to go and do that? Oh my fuck that had to hurt. And walking?! Oh fuck that. She's insane just for the placement, let alone every other red flag here.
Take time dengan cara block me dekat semua socmed and gone macam tu. tu bukan take time. You did ask for break up and you said you no longer can go on with the relay. So its not “ take time” , you left me bruh just like nothing happened
What's awful is how defensive you are about your #cons support. You obviously don't care about the democratic process if missing candidate is on the ballot.
That’s a made up lie denounced by your own Pakistani journalist. Read this and weep about the ethnic cleansing of minorities in Pakistan https://www.hudson.org/research/9781-cleansing-pakistan-of-minorities …
No morally well-balanced person much less leader would ever suggest any type of conflict within our borders. There is NO individual worth that. To uphold our principles and laws which this president has never done should be the only motivation to stand up for this nation not him!
Sitting here getting pumped for college bball thinking about how I need to make it to the Ryan Center on Feb 4th for  return. If that man does not get a ROARING standing ovation I will be very, VERY disappointed. might have to get my jersey by then  #Legend
I'm not saying that the left should weaponize Trump supporter's anger towards the CIA whistleblower into a movement to abolish the anti-left CIA, but the left should weaponize Trump supporter's anger towards the CIA whistleblower into a movement to abolish the anti-left CIA.
Shame on them for doing their jobs according to the Constitution! :/
https://www.justice.gc.ca/eng/rp-pr/cj-jp/fv-vf/mcb-cce/index.html … Apparently all children are protected? Apparently people who abuse children would be convicted under the Criminal Code? Apparently the way to get away with killing children is to be Ministry of Children's Services and Crown Prosecution? Am I wrong?
Not very helpful for blind people walking about those metal bits at the pavement ege .
Why the fuck would I need a bachelor's degree for about HALF of these job listings I see?
These ADOS/MAGA Hate Cultists rarely travel further than the corner liquor store, but they got all this concern about Pan Africanism on the continent.
I managed to listened to both the grizzlies and wolves media day interviews and idk how I’m gonna do this in the regular season
 I’m dumbfounded that you are so ignorant on the investigation    and a big team of dedicated #FoxNews people have been working on for 3yrs! The Australian situation is all part of that which you made a fool of yourself with!
If you don't like the fact that he's right...then don't follow him...you're welcome...
[07:10] At least 7 men and 5 women were brought onto police vehicles in Hung Hom. Police gave no reason for arrest License plates of the police vehicles are below There was also a fire engine on the scene
 No one should ever be body shamed especially when you called me beautiful when I had cervical cancer. So now it's my turn to tell you Aaron, you are beautiful just the way you are.
What's really sad is American's knew a lot about him before he was elected and still voted for him. Even sadder, they know the shitstorm he's in and they will still back him. Even more sadderer, they are in the Senate.
—— ... Freya’s recently informed me that in order to keep negativity away, one must burn sage. So here’s to rid the town of Doppelgängers.
Nooooo!! This is a terrible idea. Sadly I was not able to attend the hearing tonight. As a parent, I am against this type of addition to the neighborhood. How about a school, community and green spaces instead?!
I drew this shit for 4 hours just redoing the pose over and over again.
"An ethical wreck of a man"....PERFECT NOT perfect is how the Australian Government and our elected leader  has hitched their cart to this #^it show. #auspol
100% !! Boris has one chance. People not thinking logically. There both here for this country. Nigel breathes down his neck daily !! We’re leaving Deal or No Deal. Left have no answer other than Corbyns shite. Labour don’t want GE because of Corbyn . Too far left.
So, you were around Musharaf's time. What Imran Khan should do is that every person that existed during Musharaf's time should b placed in a time capsule and drowned in the Indian Ocean.
It took me four years of undergrad to show up to the wrong room for my midterm. *I still made it the right room in time though (no tears).
This should be no surprise to anyone. The Liberals destroyed CA and have been leaving CA so they can destroy our beautiful state. From being $100 million over budget in their first budget cycle to donating our Electoral Votes to the Popular Vote. These actions are intolerable.
Im tryna get into that forex shit bjt i need the top dawg not yall middle mans
Bullshit. This is no longer news anywhere else in the world.
bruuuhh when she gets acquitted the riot downtown is gonna be
Ohhhh such a Trumpee Conspiracy!! Even if the many investigations have debunked them. Dear God!! Let it go and stop the Conspiracy Theories!!
The case was repeatedly delayed in an unsuccessful effort to broker a settlement. yep it worked well, even ordered to release it he witheld it
So, who’s gonna pay $15 a seat to see his 3D version of ‘Aquaman 2’ at the Alamo Draft House?
I am not OK with an enabler who knelt quietly at the throne for three years while this lying con man has made a mockery of his office.
I have never got the impression that  is a cop hater! She is very respectful and mindful of how busy they are! I believe her patience are running thin! That’s why I suggested going to the local paper! Get Alissa’s story back in the news!
No. Not at all. Even Sanders is to the right of every single one of them.
I did a massive butt in at boots once as a lady tried to buy something for her daughters teenage grease hair. Tbh the poor sales assistant was barely old enough to shave and clearly more their to refill the meal deal shelves.
Other poc can be racist to us and black ppl can be racist to other poc. It’s that simple. I’m simply saying that sometimes when it’s some black ppl being the ones saying something racist about other poc, sometimes we over look it or don’t see it as racist. That’s all
You're making America unsafe the PRESIDENT is whacked And when hes thrown out of office you're all gonna lose your jobs
Is it bad that i thought the dress form was a part of the dress?
Just got stuff for bomb lunch for the week for $7 USD
Imagine being so warped that you either incite violence or follow the “orders”?
The tweet was about kids having a fun moment. Mark (a full grown adult) allowed his hate to get the better of him and attacked the moment they were having. You are defending that attack - clearly you are ALL the things you are trying to accuse me of.
Trump betrayed U.S. moral leadership. Congress was forced to act. - The Washington Post https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/2019/09/30/trump-betrayed-us-moral-leadership-with-saudi-arabia-so-congress-had-act/ …
Omg. Drunk boarding this plane. Hope I sleep the next 5 1/2 hours. Bye bitches.
3-1 because the Rams and Falcons SUCK at football. Bounce back next week.
   wow is this really the kind of “business woman” we need in this day and age? I know this disgusting woman unfortunately we live in the same area
My dad was an autoworker who worked in the maintenance department at the Ford glass plant. Once, I was embarrassed about this and told 2 classmates he was an engineer. I was 8 years old, knew immediately it was wrong, and apologized to my friends and to him. Fin. #AndysResume
Not here, not yet, but in some places there's a whiff of it. Imagine the next iteration of this mania being like "climate terrorism" and frankly, I can. Ms Thunberg's performance, not "I have a dream" but "You have stolen..." was a siren call for this level of outrage. We'll see
Democrats on the Senate Judiciary Committee are pressing for Attorney General William Barr and other senior officials to testify about President Trump's actions on Ukraine after a bombshell whistleblower complaint was made public Via  ://thehill.com/homenews/senate/463719-democrats-demand-barr-senior-officials-testify-on-trump-ukraine …
And put the money where? The issue is corporate power and how it is detrimental to the world. I swear, you people think money just solves any problems we have
I never really got into wrestling, but I'd buy all 9 hello and maybe some layers of the abyss outta that shirt. It's the freaking shirt! I mean shit -stupidautocorrecct
Notice the old guard is retiring now that corruption in office being exposed.
It ain't ya ex gf you need to block you need to block the messy ass friend who call u bro
I have a pc that runs 10 FPS on fortnite it’s one of the scam PCs from ibuypower it’s horrible lmao
The material shit just be a bonus but that’s where you hoes get shit confused bc y’all expect that
EU law basically which I one of the main reason people voted to leave! We will loose the right to a fair trial by jury & we will no longer be innocent till proven guilty & the EU hate us especially Brexiteers! We must leave or our kids will be conscripted into their Military
Money wasted? On the investigation that made more money for the American people than it cost? That would STILL have cost less then we pay to the presidents company for golfing at his own properties every weekend?
Why so surprised? Barr didn’t really hide his foxnews paranoia & conspiracy beliefs during his confirmation hearings, did several key ‘giveaways’ right into the cameras. (For that matter, neither did that teary, whinging prick kavenaugh)
Ya fuck the ncaa straight up. Can’t believe they have been able to con this for so long
this is ruralite blackface make it stop make the suffering end
this is the most wholesome thing my childhood could cry for
Bill Barr needs to walk home,  please cut off all funding for AG's travel, he's doing the dirty work for .
We do. Maybe you get it a bit more, beneath the skin, under the fingernails if you lived in the city during real poverty and tragic circumstances, especially of the Thatcher years when we felt abandoned and despised. I even offer that up to our blue bretheren. We knew who we were
Same #AntifaScum after harassing the elderly, so tough, so strong, more like so #Pathetic!
Another industry veteran moves on. Damn, its such a surreal feeling that many of the people who have made many of my gaming experiences are no more part of it. The day I hear Phil Spencer isn't working at MS anymore will definitely be a whole new era to me.
Hmmmm so it can be done... then they will play Ohio state lose and the wheels will fall off
I’ve never doubted the love I’m getting on a daily basis and that says a lot
Let them just switch to ubereats. The fact that Tony didn't listen to drivers about pay until customers learned he was stealing tips shows you everything you need to know about how seriously he will take you as long as you take his low pay.
I swear the narrator is just leading this poor, young girl to her death. Luring her with this false idealisation of "Eternal Happiness". Are you sure this game isn't connected to FNAF? #GTLive #LittleMisfortune
The Dept of InJustice Barr Covered Up Russia Rudy Ratted out  Trump basically Confessed and offered The Transcripts to prove it from the UN He Said we would be well represented At the United Nations and He Hung Us All Out To Look As Stupid As His Base And
Despite standing straight in place. An invasive plea ensures him of where his soul resides, "I wil always stay here" it assures calmly. The voice quivers in muted panic sometimes.
I’d say a bowl at all is optimistic at this point no matter how down the ACC is. Agreed with the disappointment though.
1– Before 3 hours 2-Minutes ago 3- an hour ago 4- 30 minutes ago 5- an hour ago bardo 6- Yesterday 7- A damn Year ago 8- Before an hour 9- 2 Years ago Drop an emoji for the questions
i might've lowkey disliked vivi a lil during the arc but... that episode Really vhanged my opinion of her
Crazy if you think this team still couldn’t get to the finals
Most Cubans are legal under the wet foot dry foot policy that your hero Obama took away on his way out of office because he was mad they didn’t vote for his ass
Yet more pressure on Wall Street's fee stream, as SV pushes for direct listings.  did a podcast on the topic with  last week
Why would China want to end the protests? The terrorists aka anti-government protesters are performing a show and doing audition for a resident permit in UK, US or Canada. The earlier they leave HK, the better. Less burden to the HK society
Lol that’s odd I seem to remember impeachment talks before the mueller report ever came out. The mueller report was supposed to be the smoking gun, it turned out to be a dud.
A dems liar told somebody who told another, who told somebody else the lie. The set up
Spotted at : Pumpkin spice cough drops. The world’s first cough suppressant that also induces vomiting. For a limited time only.
If I start trying to speak Spanish, cut me off. Grab the damn tequila from me.
You need to realise something here. Without Özil we ain't any better as without him and it's not as if we're contending for the PL when he's not around. The man has not even been giving a proper chance this season. Played 150mins of futbol which he were class. All hatred from Emr
Eu tenho zero amor próprio mesmo... Pq diabos tô vendo a nova temporada de The Walking Dead, senhooooor?
Things that kick ass... 1. Hurting your ankle before you finish setting up 3 projector screens and gaffing all the power.
Oh, we all know what’s in the memo. Either you’re ok with the president witholding aid to a foreign government in exchange for dirt on his political opponent or you’re not.
Lmaooooo, boy get the FUCK out of here with your illiterate ass. Go tweet someone who actually gives a fuck about what you have to say.
Aalsjdhhsa I had to go to 3 fkin libraries to get the entire tgofat series smh
Not taking any chances with the ALDS coming up #YankeesTwitter
Just when  thinks it can’t get any worse boom.... once this is over I bet some top brass is in jail including the USAG. Trump will try and make it all them while trying to rally his 25% of the pop to civil war! It’s going to get ugly fast!
women blockchain to know your account and no alarm set after touching his mornings Football computer for the lolita express in got Fake New
Of course the Evangelicals are made they want what they paid for- calling themselves Christian is ridiculous- Jesus would not approve
I’ve never wanted to propose so bad. Afro-latinas, the best of both worlds
Mayo Pete attended the Stop Sanders sessions run by Democratic Leadership and lobbyists . He has no room to talk about anyone’s behavior .
not enjoying life at the moment but i think that’s sort of the point
why does the chip reader always have to ask “amount ok?” ...like no, the amount is actually not okay, no amount is “okay”. I shouldn’t be spending the money, but am I going to? yes...
That's no ritual that's an instinctive reach for the man you love before you both die
I wonder what the code word is to access the code word server he’s hiding all those secrets.
ME TOO sometimes I remember everything that happened on the nts trips and lose my mind a little
Anyone can be batshit crazy but no one can dumb batshit on the U. S. Constutution and not raise America’s ire.
The more socialist the dems become the more revolting they become. Revolting against capitalism is the basic raison d'etre of socialism and when capitalists are greedy and uncaring people can be persuaded to revolt. Wages and jobs are increasing under Trump so dems are desperate.
Watching the Aussie crowd silent or in rage & MMA twitter burn to ashes Meanwhile I’ll be like this :
Running late this evening. Doing some homework first. Sorry for the inconvenience.
all the time i do so much for so many different people and i really cannot say that a single one of them has ever truly thanked me yes i know that sounds so selfish but that's just the way it is. im hurting.
It was a brutal Friday for me to say the very least. Could not agree more.
fake ass chat lmaoo the chat was made by the police ksjdksks CLOWNSSSSS
Bruh it looked REAL, raw skin and all. I’m confused NO HAND SHAKES FROM THE FAKES
Confession: having first been exposed to Hickson’s definitive Marple, I’ve never been able to get into the Rutherford adaptions, her boisterous, larger than life take on the role is too at odds with the wallflower character I think Christie intended (and Hickson’s got).
About: Dr. Martin Luther King Jr: ‘I fear I am integrating my people into a burning house’. Many who cite this quote do not know the context. This article from Harlem's newspaper gives the context and understanding from Harry Belafonte, MLK's CR partner. http://amsterdamnews.com/news/2017/jan/12/dr-martin-luther-king-jr-i-fear-i-am-integrating-m/#.XZKT4yvjqb8.twitter …
When the #CivilWar2 #civilwar starts will  or  send out a #PresidentialAlert to notify the public? Fuck them! Both of you & your #RightWing supporters can eat shit fucking #losers!!
HYPOCRITES CRIMINALS belong in jail àddress corruption and lack of accountability for the governor's office and state of Nevada government and the refuseal of health and mental health and dehumanizing bullying ignoring 8 YEARS of refuseal any information about anything Address my
me when i pass out drunk on the couch and have to get up before my parents wake up ifykyk
Wikipedia is useful for introducing general ideas. In fact, Wikipedia is often as accurate or more so than printed encyclopedias. Get a general idea of the problem space - I can't unpack 4 yrs of college level theology in the characters I'm limited to in a tweet.
Mental illness being ignored in the Black Community
With the current state of problems with which he’s involved, he still takes no advice from anyone in his administration to “Just SHUT UP”!
No one is questioning her guilt or innocence, but only the severity of the crime committed. Pre-mediated murder probably won’t be considered— manslaughter, reckless homicide, or second degree would be the likely outcome.
At least the self-driving trash can provides a new go-to insult GIF
Paraphrasing a letter he wrote this morning to his GF Rosario Dawson, Booker also likened his campaign to Washington's army during the Revolutionary War. "We are outgunned and outmatched, there are people who have 5x what we have in finances," Booker said.
jimmy butler should’ve went to the Trail Blazers smh
Pompeo is part of the Bible club true believers block who see Trump as their King Cyrus on the road to making America a Christian Nation in the image white evangelicals imagine.
i was about to be like "how the fuck did you take this photo" until i remembered
Here's antifa for you, very sick individuals who stup so low that they harass even the elderly.
I miss Venezuela, I miss the vibe, I miss mi gente básicamente
Here’s what I noticed. Not sure if you saw me say this yesterday. It’s not any research or any target or who I follow or who my friends are. The more support and patriotism I show for my President, the worse it is. They are hiding conservatives
While i 100% agree that ppl should be more mindful about the impact their words/actions have, I don't feel like telling others "You're the cause of someone's potential su*c*de" is constructive OR healthy It's traumatic & dismissive of the underlying cause of those feelings
leaving the club crying and ending up crying laughing in the uber home, what is life
Saki turns back to the boxer after gaping up at the crumbling pieces of that alien-shaped chunk in the rooftop, reminding herself never to get on the blonde’s bad side as she expels a low whistle. “Just another day in the life at Ryozanpaku. . eh?” She surveys the keychain —
Critical and contrary opinions aimed at the idea are fine~ trolling and opinions aimed at the person are not.
Sometimes family only tells you they have your back because they’re trying to convince you that the stabbing pain you feel isn’t from the giant knife they keep putting in it
Just completed my first mini-freelance project in a while. Sometimes I genuinely forget that not everyone in the world is a geek - I stopped asked myself, "wait, you're actually being paid for this?!" I guess there's a lesson in there about judging one's own worth...
oisín dragging me to the kitchen and then i ran straight back and then hE DRAGGED ME OUT AGAIN
The architects of hatred are those who would prefer to reach their keyboards to type words of discontent, conflict, and contempt rather than seek to know, appreciate, and grant the benefit of the Scriptures. "You will be hated by everyone because of me" (Matthew 10:22)
if we have the option to demand the vegan meal, which has far less cruelty and does less damage for the planet....why wouldn’t we?
tried to steal our bit, but you look like shit we’re the ones who were down with it
New York Times Releases a Bombshell Report on the Proliferation of Child Sexual Abuse Imagery Online https://jezebel.com/new-york-times-releases-a-bombshell-report-on-the-proli-1838624038?utm_medium=sharefromsite&utm_source=jezebel_twitter&utm_campaign=sharebar … via
In fairness you say a lot of things... seems to me you’re filling in the context as to why you lost #’s. I for one unfollowed and I don’t think that word should be used by anyone.
And some drunken, smark-aleck Munchkin actors went off script and sang "the wicked old bitch is dead". Or so the urban legend goes.
Oh Dear. Someone at  is actually doing their job and following the law. #Democrats are panicking.
The Latrine : a large hole filed with bullshit! The stinking refuse where no one would venture of their own free will or olfactory offense.
I'm a man with terrible secrets & multiple personalities. Isn't that the romantic ideal that you've scuplted me into? #Eiri #Bot #Gravitation
Love them or loathe them Boris/Cummings are not going to make the same mistake May did in 2017 by inserting a very unpopular policy into the manifesto.
The entire  They all betrayed their country. I count the voters too.
whenever I'm sad I hum Beautiful Soul and that's basically the same as Jesse McCartney saying I'm a bad bitch so thank you
I just fear what's gonna happen after the inevitable repave. A lot cheaper to reconfigure once instead of having a paving bill on top of that
let 'em collect the $200 - gonna need it for the prison store
Mueller's report was the beginning of Trump's end. The Ukraine calls, and the Civil War threats will be the final nail in the coffin, for Trump's presidency.
At least in the snobby video game critic world, Bioshock is considered a must-play classic.
The predicate is that Trump might lose the election in 2020 and they might all be unemployable after that, and be unable to pay their mortgages, school fees, and buy groceries.
AFFILIATES You're invited to participate in the worldwide online premiere of ... Pain Revealed Docu-series http://bit.ly/30Vw5wU
My brother and I have been expecting to get The Call about this from my Dad any second now, knowing full well that my parents are very truly terrible at giving bad news. So a few weeks ago my dad calls the two of us and says...
human resources is gonna find my twitter and fire me on the spot
Accidentally referred to Lou Brock as Brock Holt when he came into the booth during the bravehearts radio broadcast.. looking back never should have corrected myself #Legend
peep the imbecile in the comments trying to devil's advocate the use of the n word in any classroom holy fucking shit lol
A police officer who can enter someone else’s home and murder them because they got scared sounds like someone who doesn’t have the self- regulation skills to be a police officer.
Corrupt through and through. I just don't have words for the effing mess this administration is. Every single one of them and it never stops!
seriously is this what we have become not me but the democratic party is really fucked up
Patriots want to know what went on with the DNC, Crowdstrike, Russia Hoax Keep asking those questions  You are our voice Democrats are trying to silence our vote and our voice! Donald Trump can ask any one he wants about corruption and his law enforcement can too
I have T E N houseplants everyone. (not including the avocado pit I stuck in a pot of dirt) please don’t let me buy anymore. The campus plant sale is coming up and I am weak.
 This is the Show Cause Notice to you , for Spreading Fake news. If you have proofs kindly send those copies to me, else ready to face the Defamation Suit against you as per law. You are intentionally causing bad name to our Leader Sri Nara Chandrababu Naidu, 1/2
when you’re first listening to the beetlejuice soundtrack on apple music + you have no idea what the plot is and then it switches from ‘home’ to ‘creepy old guy’
Same! It’ll just be one more crime that he’s gotten away with. And this time there are TOO MANY VICTIMS! Not to mention - Did Hillary really win the election? I do not want him to get away with this.
"Beating a dead horse?" On the tax payers dime? Trump is and always has been a criminal. The FBI knew as did CIA.
well you're already dead from throat lacerations so i guess we can check with the coroner after they're done
Hoy mi sobrino me dijo que me parecía a Adam Driver en The Last Jedi. No sé como sentirme al respecto.
Not saying to you sir. But expecting some political party e-army to attack you. Keep fighting for the truth.
#NewRelease $0.99 YOUR PRECIOUS SIGHT: An Optometrist's Most Memorable Cases =>>  Are you petrified by the thought of permanently living in COMPLETE DARKNESS? GET YOUR COPY! #Strabismus
If he comes across as he does on the talking head shows-angry, conspiratorial, disrespectful of Democrats, and uncooperative- that's not going to please independents watching at home. And that won't help Trump win the narrative war.
Here. Read the entire report for yourself. Most people won’t. That’s how “political strategists” like #AlexandraChalupa & #AdamParkhomenko get away with misdirection, lying, & controlling the narrative. https://www.documentcloud.org/documents/5955118-The-Mueller-Report.html …
More demonstrable lies from the Bullshitter-In-Chief. You really are clinically unable to tell the truth, aren't you? Its actually incredible. https://www.cnn.com/2019/09/30/politics/donald-trump-inspector-general-whistleblower-complaint-conspiracy-fact-check/index.html …
Whoever invented the fistbump should be knighted, as far as I'm concerned. I've become increasingly averse to shaking peoples' hands, especially in light of the fact that quite a few don't wash them after using the bathroom.
Joe Mixon to be Joe Mixon. Got him in the 3rd round of a 10 team PPR and thought it was a steal. Ugh.
You ever play Hey Cow? You gotta roll down your window and scream hey cow and if the cow looks, you get a point
Says the evil creature far more cursed than any mummy's tomb.
Wth are the republicans? Standing with their thumbs up their azz? Damn get cracking!
20 films that had an impact on you, for the next 20 days. Only post a pic. No film title or comment. Day 2. #20MovieChallenge .twitter.com/mpfRLCP7GP
Criminals , by and large, just shoot other criminals. It's the "everyday citizen" that loses their shit and murders large swaths of people.
Bucky was usually pretty good at navigation but he didn't know the area and the guy who gave him directions was rather unclear. And his phone died without Sam around to remind him to charge it so he couldn't even get confused at trying to work it properly. He was a mess. +
COLLISION: County Rd 29 and County Rd 7 #Brockville - 2 vehicles at the intersection. #OPP on scene. ^ag
-- demon. Jeremiah teared up a little but just nodded again, letting his head fall once again, his nose brushed against the other's neck, and his eyes fell shut again, a single tear rolling down his cheek. He couldn't stand being so untrusted by Sam, it hurt him.
And Europe is a bit tired of Nazi's by now. Can't he just stay at home, wherever the f that is, some vampire cave?
I don't know y'all but this is not the original song I've heard, this is NOT #Juice,  what's this??
Nobody allowed that has common sense in La only people who hate the country watch out for the rat's literally
Do you know the 7 Crucial Things You Need To Clarify Before Hiring Painters? Don't get burned by hiring the wrong company. Read our article today to find out more! http://bit.ly/2o2etky #paintgr #interiorpainting #painters #mustknow
Robito, no caso aquela justiça "imparcial" da lava jato, conforme o The Intercept tem mostrado? Pelo jeito, no final, faltará cadeia pra tanto procurador, juiz de desembargador.......
The Left has accused Trump of treason every single day since he won the election.
Gawd CNN is non stop baiting  to “respond” to conspiracy theories at the heart of the impeachment inquiry.  and  this is not a joke! Stop baiting!
So you leave the combover and the chins to look at?
My siblings are literally making this trip so fucking annoying I always try to be the patient one but when I snap I'm in the wrong
How long until a black person defaces it and the media blames white people?
Now we fill the grave yards, in the end, eat lot's of "long pig", the surivors of that will simply rot in place.
DNC CORRUPTION: What's on the hacked Democrat server in Ukraine? https://youtu.be/gU-3yUbEpp4 via
NIGGAS DONT HAVE TIME FOR THEIR KIDS BUT THE DO FOR THE STREETS
Dear President Trump: Please stop using our taxpayer money to reelect yourself. We dont want you in our house of the people anymore (a house you said was a shit hole.) Please go back to your golden billionaire life style and take your lies and corruption with you.
Shit will never end. Been going on since Tawana Brawley and that ass wart Al Sharpton in the 80’s and I’m sure long before.
I like the theory that she was killed and all her songs are clues sung by her ghost to help us find her killer.
Scanning my twitter feed this morning I noticed an extraordinary amount of defamatory crap, all based on popularly posted bullshit by people who should know better and should get their integrity n intellect out of their arses. Unfollowed each one of the dumb fucks.
It was just a moment of human bonding in a shitty situation.
I need to go to the store but I seriously cannot drive
Hey  catching up on Gamescast today and in response to the Crash Bandicoot porn, I would just like to say "Crashed Bandicooter" That's all.
.Didn't the  &  seek "dirt" from a foreign entity & named it the Steele dossier? All of these hate-filled Dems are hypocrites. I can't believe people keep electing these FRAUDS!
OMG. Send us a screenshot with the final score when it's done. That's amazingly terrible luck.
The male grabbed her by her halo. His eyes showing her anger. The anger of being in hell for so long. “520 years is enough time to dwell on failure. I’m sure the person you failed has forgiven you by now.”
Sports? is literally the only reason I bought a Quip. Don’t regret it at all.
SEEING RACE EVERYWHERE. SO WHO IS THE REAL RACIST? #AusPol Dr Emma Shortis, who is herself white (warning!!!!), is a research fellow at RMIT University's EU Centre of Excellence, Social and Global Studies Centre. Here is her latest see-race-everywhere…http://bit.ly/2nggrhd
How you shoot an unarmed Mfer in their own house cuz you thought it was your house and don't go to jail is what's wrong with the justice system in this country. I work long shifts and a lot of hours too, never tried to get in to my neighbors house cuz I was tired.
#BoycottCharlottesvilleVa  .  ALL businesses, schools and THE people of the anti-American Charlottesville Va. Boycott, go around, never stop in Charlottesville Va. don't purchase goods or services from anyone in Charlottesville Va. RT and follow ALL.
Trump claiming fmr. Pres. Obama was "outsmarted" by Russian Pres. Putin: "It's extraordinary unbecoming of a president to attack another president overseas in defense of... well, a dictator....who has now invaded 2 countries over the past decade."
When my new attending (who is great) asked me to present a case for the specialty conference...I’m simultaneously thinking “I don’t want the extra work” but also “I can’t disappoint said attending”. #residencylife
ok ,an apologist for 70 years of occupation and aprthied is lecturing me on logical faults . Jog on mate and another one bites the dust. Blocked
Although Tony, it’s fair to say that there probably are a host of vulture capitalists waiting to pick the corpse of Britain to pieces if things go on like this...
Falsely claims! The fool straight up lied. What is wrong with reporters now days? Just say he lied.
It’s really the way he throws the ball, if you really watch he throws the fastest bullets. Whenever they get new receivers they have to spend a good chunk of practice receiving them hard ass passes. That’s why he has such a low int. numbers them goes too hard to catch
It just gets worse and worse. I remember the manufactured Kemlani affair and the downfall of Whitlam, it had nothing on this. What the F is Lord Downer doing in the US with some dodgy faux CIA operative in a bar in Washington.
My little children, these things I write to you, so that you may not sin. And if anyone sins, we have an Advocate with the Father, Jesus Christ the righteous. 1 John 2:1... #JESUS.
Looking foreword to the impending societal and ecological collapse
ladies it normal to be so scared of ur crush that u avoid them and just don’t look or talk to them or interact at all or is it the internalized trauma¿?
It’s bound to happen when unelected bureaucrats and dishonest media hacks attempt to disenfranchise over 63 million people who voted to elect Donald Trump. Fake news media is the enemy of the people. CNN needs to own that.
Just look their facial expressions. The progression of the female genital mutilation. As the Talmud EXPLAINS: Savage sinisters human animals. Okey Mr. God did you order such XXI Century ABNORMALITIES? ARE YOU BE ABLE TO STOP SUCH EVIL ACTS ON EARTH?
Choi Seunghyun is the weirdest man I’ve ever stanned before but don’t get it twisted I WOULD DIE FOR THAT MAN
Kimya is known for making up terms like "white based knowledge" - what the hell is that? She seems to want her students to hate whites and males. Notice how she never tweets any statistics or facts. Because they go against her narrative. She presents her feelings as 'facts'
If women do not want a child, they use contraception. Abortion should be the last resort for cases other than carelessness!
There are no request for Barr at this moment and he should be made to resign immediately! The IC and   should subpoena him and demand this now. Stop playing nice to them! Barr is corrupted by the Tangerine Toddler! #CorruptGOP #corruptAG
'Queen will sack Boris in 5 minutes!' Grieve warns PM will be axed if he ignores the Benn Act http://shr.gs/afZ1k1b I call And when he is again proved a liar SACK HIM
literally dropped one of my quarters that i was gonna use to get on the bus have no money on my bus card so i had to uber downtown ten dollars wasted
Did i call you whiney New England fan? Get the damn facts straight, it was u. I based my opinion on the same thing you did. Tape. I even came back at you to correct myself. my bad Coach, next time ill change careers before tweeting at you.
FWIW, I had no problems reading the full article with Firefox on Android.
They might have just killed the game tbh Lava is lame af
I hope to get The Emperor's Chain. So, with a combination of in game and in real life resources that I did 4 x11 pulls and a 100 gem draw. And, I failed. Horribly. But succeeded in getting new stuff for other characters. Task failed successfully? #FF_RK #FFRK
It’s strictly the fact that: A. he’s way better than other players that made the team B. #canucks claimed that they would keep the players who earned a spot. He did that. C. he worked his ass off coming back from head injuries so he could attain “B” above D. See “A”
I’m totally losing my mind. Like I am getting really psychopathic and want to actually get a real death note thingy. Also, I love the hetalia fandom, but it keeps giving me these really messed up thoughts.(not trying to hurt, offend anyone or say that hetalia is bad)
This is the kind of nonsense that liberals actually believe. So unpatriotic.
When you make a important change in the codebase and it works the first time, and then you spend the next two hours doubting yourself and just reading the code because there's no way that should work the first time!!
It's not about who came first or who will came after, we use BTS PAVED THE WAY cuz we have a proof about its definition. No hate just love
Once I smoked a post-budget cigar And drove up foreign debt Baby that was years ago I left it all behind Had a budget, I heard it died In the Senate it was crucified Baby that was years ago I left it all behind For some French wine and a three day growth.. #auspol #insiders
The bro  just drop his new music video #10Toes #Compton #ComptonCityMovement #ChosenFewPromotions
Well it’s the governor who declares a state of emergency not the random folks on twitter who live in states they hate. So technically it’s Newsom’s job to decide how close they are to that declaration.
.... are you delusional?? I fucking love my country, that's why I don't want fascists taking over and murdering the people in this country. And almost everyone who would call themselves antifa will tell you the same. Miss me with that fash-apologist propoganda.
Reno culture is playing some die at 7:30 in the morning. Nothing gets the gears turning quite the same
on #GhostAdventures ,  really gets the short end of the stick like every time. that poor man. love him to death.
At the very least. Even if it was a mistake. Burglary is not a capital offense. She is not judge, jury and executioner. She is trained to subdue suspects without killing them. IF HE DID APPROACH HER AGGRESSIVELY ITS STILL HER FAULT. ITS HIS APARTMENT.
The only thing I regret about living in dorms is not having my own kitchen.
My husband laughed on Wednesday when I said Trump might resign. I still believe there is a 100% chance Trump will resign under leverage from Russia if Putin fears release of evidence. It wouldn't surprise me if the decision is already made and Trump is just destroying evidence.
RH Varsity Field Hockey Team Picks up road win  In Sudden Death OT - Sr. Abby Ander scores for the Rams! #Rampage
And with him causing drops in the stock market with just a tweet, I’m sure they are all purchasing stock at just the right time. Sickening. A bunch of corrupt assholes screwing w/ev1s 401k so they can load up.
The Rise and Fall of Heart Attacks - Rogue Health and Fitness https://roguehealthandfitness.com/the-rise-and-fall-of-heart-attacks/ …
a comedy civil war! and just like the real Civil War there is a CORRECT SIDE
If the windows didn't break, it wasn't loud enough! LOL
i need to run from the angry middle aged white women who stick up for hispanic males... despite me being a hispanic male.
Welcome to Trump's America, where cyberbullying is conducted at the highest level, while his FLOTUS urges us all to BeBest! STFU and go attend this kid's funeral and cut it with the hypocrisy crap! I'm sick of her shit too!
W was happy to slink away and let Trump take the mantle for Worst President of All Time, but when I heard he was actively working the phones for Kavanaugh, it pissed me off again. He was an inept bumbler, but still a republican. :(
wokest: putting the whole video onto a vhs and then record the screen as it plays, then uploading that camera footage to youtube. For no actual reason.
Yeah... I'm swiping left if your profile photo is you flipping the bird. Sorry not sorry.
I have no idea what these “conspirators” would and wouldn’t do...the point is that Bernie outperformed polls way more often than Hillary did, and he’ll likely do the same in 2020. That’s my point. And I believe I’ve backed it up more than anybody should be expected to on Twitter.
As you know, saying "as you know" doesn't make it so. In fact we all know that, so cut the prefacing of our thoughts. I'm sure if you knew mine you would not say as you know. As you know, you lie. As you know, your future looks very troubling.
With great insights from  and : President  is calling the whistleblower a spy to distract from his own illegal acts. https://reason.com/2019/09/30/trump-not-the-whistleblower-has-acted-illegally/ … via
Same ole Grifter Red Herring to the American People!! You and your  Treason Squad are in deep kimchee!! Adios! #Leavenworth bound!  #StephenMiller  #MikePompeo #AGBarr
The UB geese have already bullied me into using a different entrance
He was legitimized when he became president. Ignoring the problem won't make it go away, that's wishful thinking. You must confront the problem. Call out the lies, propaganda and hate. Im not adding to their validity, I'm identifying their fallacy. TK does a huge service to all.
Bentley is the biggest white boy and I’m kinda disappointed.
Son i only fw certain shit from meek meek by far is the better rapper but i fuck with a lot more future shit
I may have grown on the outside but inside I’m still that scared kid. Still hiding from the world. Afraid of what’s to come. Afraid of surviving in this world as an adult.
かわe RT : Doncic and Brunson battle it out to see which of them get this photo station and closer to the end of media day.
I’m alive. In pain. Need smoke. They said don’t. Fuck they. Need oxy too and beautiful thicc breezy to rub a nigga head as I dramatically cry. Fuc this shit cuh. On the hood.
 ot7 but Hoseok attacks me a little more than the others
march/april and october are the months of the flood. we starve for six months and them baam, here are 300 korean artists releasing music at the same time, enjoy bitches
NowPlaying Money Can?t Buy (Clean) - NeYo feat. Trey Songz, The Dream and T Pain http://sugarwaterradio.com/ 23:50
Russian TV Reveals The Facts Behind Trump’s Accusations About Biden And His Son Hunter - Brighteon http://disq.us/t/3imbulz
QUOTE: To avoid responsibility for the man’s death, attorneys for the city are arguing that Lopez had no constitutional rights due to his status... https://www.rawstory.com/2019/09/chilling-mississippi-city-claims-undocumented-man-killed-by-police-had-no-constitutional-rights/ …
People don’t understand that one of the only things stopping us from going green is that it’s 3x more expensive
Well if it was not a corrupt party that doesn’t care about the people then there you go. Also your point is very ill timed because the previous 8 years poisoned us, lied to us and didn’t do anything for education or our infrastructure.
Long overdue. Bring back NCAA video games and pay the players for their likeness!
i think this is the first time i heard Gino call Kiara “ Kia “ hihihi La lang PopMYXTuesLove KIANO
I call #bushleague. Virginia girl who said white classmates cut her dreadlocks made the story up, school says - CNN https://www.cnn.com/2019/09/30/us/virginia-girl-fake-story-about-cut-dreadlocks/index.html …
I pray the truth will become plain and show the ugliness in the hearts of those who hate our country.
PUBG Mobile Crossing over with The Walking Dead This Weekend https://www.txclan.de/pubg-mobile-crossing-over-with-the-walking-dead-this-weekend/ …
Remember no Ukrainian leader knew the money had been held up, only the arms dealer who worked with Schiff.Also remember the rules requiring first hand knowledge for whistleblowers was changed in August. No one would comment as to why.
I mean, if the Broncos went full #TrustthePorpoise there's quite a few pieces that could net picks. Would argue a complete tear down like Dolphins did may in fact hurt your rebuild though.
Been waiting for this. Gonna throw the pussy cats a beating. #HereWeGo
Is that why we’ve never seen the actual server? That’s not verified. Congress told comey that’s what happened and he took their word for it. Crowdstrike performed said duties and provided NO DOCUMENTATION whatsoever. Hilary worked with Russia and Ukraine. You being lied to
If they did not form dance steps in Double Wahala what would Lolu have done? The guy no sabi any other dance?
No one -- absolutely NO ONE -- had the right or the power to make a 'promise' that removed the right to democracy from the people of Scotland. No such 'promise' was made.
for the casting director on this one. Seriously, how did they find this guy?
At 59, what exactly is Nigeria celebrating ? That we are the world's headquarters of poverty or that 8 out of 10 Nigerians will leave at the slightest opportunity or that the image of the country among other countries is terrible or that dreams die here. What exactly ?
Drop the pastor act. The gig is up. You can't call yourself a man of God if you support a whore and war monger, a serial liar, crook, racist and bigot, abuser of children, murderer, adulterer, assaulter of women, failed businessman, and traitor. You're a phony.
White colonialism. She entered his house so therefore it was her house now. This is just insane. If the races were reversed, or the murderer wasn't a cop, the killer would already be locked up where they can't offend again.
Like I said its up to you to make the decision of what he did was right or wrong to his choice. Julius only did it because he was afraid of extinction and the death of many so he made the deal. The children that are now food to the demons are the results of history. Julius's deal
Hell yea.. they dropping it on Apple Music at some point, the need to hurry up
did it hurt? because i think felt from the sky may hurt ;)
But here's the thing...i really would like to see 45 taken out of the Whitehouse in handcuffs for all of the world to see... criminals do not belong in the highest office of our land...and there are plenty more people that would too...
I lied i threw up in the sink in my room not 30 seconds after tweeting that
To persist in spite of obstacles is the core of determination carylloper
Planning Received: Martin Riordan Permission for construction of a single storey extension to the eastern gable , a dormer window to the rear of the first floor and the a block boundary wall of 1.8m high part along the ea
You won’t hear no stories about me being a hoe unless I tell you. I don’t get around. So I need somebody that’s the same way.
I was disgusted watching Schiff bold face lie and the Republicans sitting around him did not immediately challenge him! I understand there is supposed to be decorum in hearings but when the chairman is so blatantly lying speak up!!!!!! Ugh!!!
Celebrities seriously ..... sorry but the name of the show should be changed to the x factor I'll do anything for cash addition edition
why would you link to the memo? it doesn't say what i think you think it does. are you assuming no one will actually read it? i did.
No offense but if your car doesn’t have air when it’s hot or heat when it’s cold DO NOT ask me to ride with you, mf dont even offer to drive. Better yet, just set the damn car on fire .
the downside of being too baperan & weak :( *high five*
Keep up the investigation Mr. President they're squirming right now trying to stop you once again with this phony impeachment process.The tables have turned on them and they can't handle it.
This is very short-sighted. I wouldn't want to believe that she is not emphatic to the people's needs but she is just clearly focusing on the outcome of her work which is, in turn, very VERY sad.
Mad that if it wasn’t for VAR we’d have been cheated out at OT again. This right here is why it is necessary to the game. How does the linesman even flag it? We’re really lucky the referee didn’t blow straight away and so is the linesman.
Moms took me outside when I was crying high key my parents was prepared when we left the house they took shifts no matter what we did
I look at a girls selfie and only thing I think of is the disgusting DMs she probably gets
Mostly true, but what Iran isn't being honest about is, if a full on war broke out how many Iranian citizens will defect or turn on them from the inside out! Many Iranians want to be free.
Yeah but it also has a pre-fire laser that does minor damage so it could be that, either way we won't know for sure until we try to ourselves because apparently that bill they were playing on wasn't the final build
He went into the fight saying he'd knock Porter out and he fight that way for 12. He didn't run he engaged and landed the more effective shots. Get Canelo off of steroids
1 - Wynne was only Premier from 2013-2018 2 - Ford's handling of the Hydro file will end up costing Ontarians much, much more. 3 - While CPC criticize PMJT for trying to tie Scheer to Ford, CPC tries to tie PMJT to Wynne. #ScheerLies #ConservativeHypocrisy #cdnpoli #onpoli
In Northern France, the Hill 70 Memorial ensures ‘Canada’s forgotten battle’ will be remembered always https://www.theglobeandmail.com/canada/article-remembering-canadas-forgotten-battle-for-hill-70/ …
Who do we all think will be the first to emerge in the spotlight in trouble?
Next-Sheriff Jim LaFarr on staying professional while writing a ticket: “They could be mad, but they couldn’t be mad at me. They had to be mad at themselves.” I was sooo mad at me after my cell phone ticket...oh, well, it probably saved my life. Eyes on the road!
Perhaps if he’d bothered to ask Boris would have heard the words ‘No Deal’ a little earlier in his life.
The last thing she heard was me telling her I was going to dance on her grave? She smiled as she died. Her mother handled the funeral. She was buried at sea. #vss365 #dance
Gorka and Lewandowski are tied for worst sycophants and most unlikable people on the planet...after Trump, of course.
He's only the president for racists. So I guess he's your president.
Oh shit this is crazy I miss the Lost Lands energy so much
I READ THE CAPTION BUT GUESS WHO WAS STUBBORN AND STILL WATCHED IT AND BECAUSE I WATCHED IT YOU HAVE TO WATCH IT TOO
Due to various problems involving tax code and rental laws it’s much more profitable to keep buildings empty then to sell for s lower price and no one wants to be the first person to blink and crash the market. Also most city res estate is money laundering.
#DOA6 #DOAXVV #DOAX3S #DOA ladies and gentlemen DEAD OR ALIVE6 Dragon Shrine maiden Momiji princess様 Your lover costume Enjoy various costumes So that there is no regret Please play Beautiful DOA journey continues DOA god the festival .∩∩ ＼( *^.^*)/ぴょん
Also one last thing, after putting more thought into it I actually think the belmonts are either even or slightly losing. Was afraid of the initial backlash I'd get so I kinda rushed his placement lmao but fuck it that is what I actually think
broncos got problems you're not one of the problems work hard bruh
Being misunderstood is one of the worst feeling. Fuck you who only judge people based on 1 sided story and not even trying to understand what a person actually meant to say or do.
eu essa semana quando aparece algum tweet sobre the walking dead na minha tml achando q é spoiler do episódio vazado
This most recent Dragalia Lost event has me wondering if my original theory regarding the Masked Girl was entirely off base and the story might be going somewhere different then I thought.
i complain the first of every month. but the other 30 days i’m turnt lmfaoo
My anxiety has made me familiar with the feeling of dissociation and this feels similar to that, but it’s never been quite like this.
recently there has been debate between drawing realistic/""""ugly"""" and sexualised(?) women for your own purposes. just make every girl have some sort of singular tail leg i.e. mermaid or ghost. just have the only girl we ever draw from now on be Mima Touhou
Well, let's see...it started when he said he didn't like John McCain, that he didn't like people who got caught.That was a strong indication that this bone spur fake had no class whatsoever, esp to denigrate a war hero. That was the beginning..gotten worse every single day since.
I’m taking the Russian statement as basically a warning to Trump that they are willing to do an info dump of everything they have on him unless he manages to stop any release of communications he had with them.
  Guys you really should do something about iMessege, when I hold to record a message I record, if it's to long the phone locks and all is lose, if the screen rotates all is gone, do something please!
bitches will be in the middle of an apocalypse and post “uugh im so hungry someone bring me food ”
Why are you bothering us with this irrelevance with the real issue of the time is did Boris touch that lady's thigh? ........ two decades ago.
My mom and I ended up in a motel in the middle of desert nowhere and I went to a school where I was bullied. I'd try to stay at the motel as much as I could and I had a terrible therapist who threatened to call the cops on me if I didn't go. She also told me my mom was bad.
The greatest mistake you can make in life is continually to be fearing you will make one. - Elbert Hubbard
Sometimes I think about how much farther ahead society could be if we hadn't spent these ~3 yrs distracted/horrified by Trump. All these smart people who entered "the fight" - otherwise, maybe we'd have cured cancer by now (like, literally). Magnifies the cost of these years.
I'm watching Fringe 3x22 "The Day We Died"  #Fringe #trakt
I reckon I earned my block with that  ? Santa loves you! You're on the #PermanentNiceList We've all gotten or feathers ruffled/ disagreed & chosen to tolerate or make-up a time or two. I'm sorry you're so angry. Santa wants us to be #Nice.
I was going to take myself out to dinner and get Thai food, but the restaurant closes at the exact same time I get off and now my life is ruined.
I’m getting the pouchette. The sneakers can fuck themselves
Been on the pot for too long Bout time for me to take my shit.
Both are an abuse of power. You do know what the Ukraine call was about right? Biden, not the Mueller report.
Elijah Cummings Was driving, Saw a Homeless Maning The Dirt Where He Lay.
When i play all these community matches none of the enimiues i kill go towards my challenges. Are they just all unpublished? Then when i go to my published section none show up.
I remember how much kihyuns eyes were shaking during the whole thing. He really doesnt like when someone touches him unless he does it. I can relate
 Ask a biased question...get a biased answer. Q: “to reduce the risk of an outbreak a bill has been proposed…Do you favor/oppose this bill?” MarketResearch101: never use leading, loaded, double barreled questions.  should know better https://tinyurl.com/UCBdata
Cute Niggas never try to talk to me, the Hg said she think they b scared of me
I was visited this place while of my trip to Las Vegas 2/16/18. I turned into a big chicken when was time to walk on the sky walk NO WAY! There are also no guard rails at the cliffs either so walk close to the edge at your own risk. https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/man-jumps-his-death-grand-canyon-skywalk-n1060236 …
i hope this comes off correct, i don’t wanna offend but growing up "extremely poor" and "living in the hood" does not make you black. you're still white. our struggles are not the same.
This is disgusting!!! And people around these folks are just filming the abuse!!! What if that were your parents or grandparents!! You are all disgusting!!!
If anyone disagrees, go live in any of those countries on their national average salary and get back to us... (you can even pick the country!)
This isn’t stand your ground or castle doctrine. It’s manslaughter at best and murder at most honest. She didn’t “enter the wrong apartment” she broke into another person’s home and murdered them.
This is a suggested terroristic threat against the president of the United States.     SNL Suggests Assassinating President Trump Instead Of Impeachmenthttps://www.infowars.com/snl-suggests-assassinating-president-trump-instead-of-impeachment/ …
I feel your pain as I sleep on the 29-day-old mattress ordered online (Dream Cloud for those that want to avoid) that still smells HORRIBLE even though I've been stripping it bare every day and blowing a fan over it to try to air it out
i dont remember but the guy from oingo boingo did the simpsons beginning song. as well as a few others. danny elfman. who also did the song dead mans party which i want played at my funeral.
Wearing both at the same time? Cuz my du-rag alone got more oil on my pillowcase than my hair
I thought that the Mueller probe discredited the Mueller probe. What did I miss?
Honestlyyyyy i hate when they try and tell me why they want them all double bagged like ok? Idc you’re still killing the planet
the irony is that Guns n Roses is known for obliterating the hair metal band era with some real actual authentic rock and roll. Poison saw GnR coming and were like "oh sht, we're done"
 The new Raw stage for tonight! It's freaking MASSIVE!
Those are the most disgusting, hate filled, violent group of people there is and Antifa should be categorized as a hate group. Except for not killing anyone yet, they are like Nazis.
#NFL #PropBet PASSING Card. Little late sorry! Two bottom-four DVOA ranked offenses going head-to-head tonight. Pittsburgh with a neutral match-up. We lean Rudolph over passing yards based on projections. #GamblingTwitter #NFLPicks
Can you do basic math yet? I don't think it's the time's fault
If I was as ignorant as you I wouldn't use words like comprehension, you dont have the transcript of conversation and automatically hes guilty . If your liberal idiots are successful in impeachment this country will see civil war
Iono. My heart hurts behind this mess. I really hope the b* goes to jail. Her testimony dont match hard evidence.
Trying to get up the motivation to write this problem statement for class. It's only 2-3 pages, yet here I sit. Tweeting instead of writing
In the year 2019 Thinx finally sent out a periodical entry that says "menstruation isn't just a girl problem" Every single article before this has been "GIRL POWER LET'S GO GIRLS WE GET UR PERIODS SUCK WE UNDERSTAND"
If only he had a majority in the HoC after it was miraculously deprorogued he could put forward a bill so he can appoint judges who will let him shut Parliment so he doesnt have to put forwadd pesky bills to get things done .... Taking back control, right there !
Chidi specifically wanted a mindwipe because he thought he couldn't handle being around Simone and not giving the whole game away
Maxprep is going backwards. I liken this to the pre BCS Days when rankings were rigged
On a serious note, you guys must be judging Bowman on his worst not his best or evcen normal ability. Yes when Winx was racing, he could be horrid prior BUT she is retired now, no way he's gonna ride with the fear of suspension
What The Fuck with the America first and Sec Pompeo announced $119M to finance coup in sovereign countries and look at this....
because god forbid a girl dates a boy in the eyes of gays
 It doesn't matter what you think or say, now that you're out of office. You have no vote in the Senate.
Ur worried about the US becoming Venezuela? U should be concerned about us continuing to morph into the corrupt embarrassment of a country we’ve been becoming for the last three years
You know, I might give a shit about Chelsea Manning's memoir if we could ever get her out of jail for crimes she's already served time for! But by all means, valorize a white man who's never seen the inside of a cell and *checks notes* wrote a book about it
The Democrats are no longer political opponents, they are enemies to our nation
I want to know why there is zero killer instinct late in games. Why the HELL did we lay up AGAIN on the drive when it was 28-24 once we got in FG range? Doesn’t Mark know that 35-24 means game over? It’s risk aversion football but you create MORE risk by being a scaredy cat.
I witnessed like 7 people slide they ass from the line to a wall just cause they wanted to fall in with everybody else
But the call was unethical then he threatened several people with murder
“those dumbass kids better balance the force” holy shit you’re my new idol
WTFNFJTFRF WHO GAVE U THE DAMN RIGHTS TO LOOK THIS GORGEOUS??!# I'M DONE. I'M literally questioning my sexuality rn Oh my GOishH
When you made a priority to shower and put on something not ratty for the evening but no ones responding to your texts about what the plan is.
#MariaDB Platform X3 enables "organizations to analyze transactional data in near-real time without the hassle and delay of extract/transform/load procedures as well as the administrative overhead." via ://ow.ly/7qhV30pzPIc
How about turning a blind eye to the Palestinian suffering? Oops you haven’t seen that either
Drugstores are pulling Zantac-like heartburn drugs off the shelves over potential cancer risk https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2019/09/30/drugstores-are-pulling-zantac-like-heartburn-drugs-off-shelves-over-potential-cancer-risk/?tid=ss_tw …
What food items did you share in the kitchen? Hey do you put your hair in a ponytail when you eat? I do, otherwise I get hair in my mouth, I’m a messy eater
The word shit is everything for me I call everything shit. “Yo can you roll this shit” “eat this Shit” “grab that shit in the closet” “watch out for that Shit” like what kinda shit is this lmfao
there’s 12 games left , we still in first and philly fans talking bout we folded like y’all ain’t lose to a terrible atl team , and were down 20 to the “bottom 5” redskins. if the packers didn’t throw the ball every play y’all dumb asses would be 1-3 but y’all worried bout us
Amb. William Burns former DepSec of State speaking at  with  tells  he has been targeted along in retaliatory witch hunt against former State officials. Their emails are retroactively being called “classified.” Way to destroy the State Dept.
Every American should be afraid of losing our republic. It’s farther along under the trump regime than we realize on so many levels. Some of it is quiet and happening almost unnoticed, while other actions are screaming on our screens.
Gotta say the first reboot game was the best in trilogy for me. Rise felt like it retreaded the last games ground not just mechanically, but thematically. A problem Shadow had, compounded by Rise doing the same.
The assault rate in schools are down double digits because you have revamped the Discipline Code to not longer classify most of what the general public would consider assault. Smart hypocrisy, you are good at it
I can see yours and his, I can’t see Cathy’s mate I’m blocked. Glad she’s standing up for you though... what a strange accusation to level at someone he doesn’t have the first clue about. Dangerous too. Twitter hey. Giving people a say on other people’s lives.
"Whoever incites... any rebellion or insurrection against the authority of the United States... shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than ten years, or both; and shall be incapable of holding any office under the United States."
The pyro and stuff looks good but that stage looks cheap. It's literally just an LED board with a hole cut in it.
It was Monday when Taichi was walking back to his home when he decided make a stop in the park after a few days without see his girlfriend. He sits on a bench and sighs deeply after taking out his phone, watching the screen the selfie of their last date.
"NSG owner Nick came out the same day, and diagnosed the problem with a very reasonable price." says Mary on Google, via ://birdeye.com/nsg-heating-and-air-specialists-llc-154748310480734/review/1998317685133681036 …
We’ve got an horrendous problem here. Ignorance of simple math (on the part of educators ) and disingenuousness on the part of the unions have allowed this to fester. Get real. Money owed to pension annuitants outstripping dollars paid in. Reality will descend abruptly.
I want full on post-prosecution, or at least suing until he's broke as shit to repay all the money the Trump family has stolen from the citizens of this country. #AmericaFirstMyAss
13.1 bricked my Xs - couldn’t charge it and after it went dead, wouldn’t boot back up. Took it to the Apple Store and they gave me a new one.
If you’re going to go after Trump why is Biden not fair game? Joe knew, Obama knew. Joe even bragged Obama knew he would withhold the $1Billion in loan guarantees...”call him” Dem Senators went to Ukraine to squash it Let’s see it ALL
Thank you. Everyone who says “I had no idea it would be this bad” must have been both blind and deaf during the election. He told you exactly who he was, what he wanted to do, and told,lie after lie. It’s not like I had access to information the rest of the world didn’t.
It is also accepted to repeat the dosage of the emergency contraceptive being used if unprotected sex occurred again after 12 hours of using the emergency contraception. Using emergency contraceptive pills as the primary form of #birthcontrol is not... http://bit.ly/2nLX2oe
>> boarding school. This was around the time I was seven. I came back for my high school years and did everything on my own, much to my father's frustration. Those were good times~" Making it there, he steps out and shows off the massive room of books on shelves that reach the>>
 Just a question after seeing your rant against India. Did anyone talk to you about the atrocities of Pakistan in Balochistan,Sindh,Gilgit and Baltistan or people just worry about Kashmir. I also heard Muslims are being persecuted in China. Any thoughts?
WH timeline.. And under law Trump and Barr can talk to any leader and possible wrong doing in there country. and them the other way.. No crime..
I love how people talk shit about someone that earned not one, but two belts simply because he doesn't currently have them. Meanwhile,  out here having never accomplished anything other than being known as the idiot getting roasted by one of the greatest.
Well there ya have it ya seeeee #billiebitch. You demanded to use Code Of Vets name or no help yo the veteran. #who the fuck does this?
I'm annoyed when I don't get pics. I love gassing my nigga up. Send me all the fuckin pics.
I mean, did you fail language arts? Did you even graduate? I rather doubt you went to college. Anti-intellectualism is just rife through the Trump camp. It’s as though learning carries the stink of socialism and you all just run away.
when my dad ask me about how many grandson i'll give him in the future. i just want one. just one. but i'll give them all the grandson he wants if my husband is kim jiwon. skshshsksksowk no just kidding.
 The fossil fuel lobby is hiding behind a new disguise - . They fund climate denial, run greenwashing campaigns, and oppose real climate action. Reject their attempt to continue unbridled fossil fuel expansion.
The very SECOND that  was Fing STUPID enough to say the State Department sent him.. his Exec and A/C Privilege defenses when right down the shitter. What. A. Moron.
Lilith let out a little squeal of surprise from the sudden ass squeeze weakly before glaring up at Tyreen “Why did you just squeeze my ass!? We’re in public and I don’t want anyone to get any ideas.”
& I have never actually met her, she is the only advisor I did all my appointments through phone calls & in those 10 min phone calls she helped me a shit ton more than 30 min face to face with the other advisors. smh.
i feel like i push people out of my life bc im too much and im feeling unwanted and not enough like all the time but most of the time for no reason n i rarely open up to anyone but idk whhhyhyhhyh
#MakeABoardGameBetterWith1Rule I don't know if this is a thing or not, but I'd love to try it out. Revolution!, but if there's only one player in the support lead at the start of a bidding round, they don't get to use their screen.
Maybe I watched the Lions game and no other games? But what has that got to do with you?
today was dumb and I don't know why I'm so on edge but I feel like I'n about to have a breakdown over the next stupid thing that happens.
This Rahul Ishwar is waiting for bjp to gain some majority in Kerala then he will be a suitable politician - arey Bhai this Channel is for spewing hate against India - which world r u in - have u got confused after ur Asia trip- did u eat the snake ??? All ok
Similarly, I always thought of Mr. Peanut as an aristocratic sort who would absolutely duel you to the death if you besmirched his honor, and would put him several notches further up.
If you do it yourself you become the villain stupid
First you have to get past the Democratic Party. As sad as it may be they will fix it again for you not to be the nominee. So I would worry about that first. Then maybe who knows.
 you need to close new tech west tomorrow it is gonna be 90 + and our school has no air and it is not gonna be fair to the kids
Don’t fight for me. I don’t need it. You’re fighting plenty of brain cells yourself to keep you from seeing the factual evidence from everyone around him including the DOJ. Btw, Australia said he tried to with them too. What’s that excuse?
Sweet Jesus, I had NO idea!! The Forgotten History of America’s Worst Racial Massacre https://www.nytimes.com/2019/09/30/opinion/elaine-massacre-1919-arkansas.html …
Proven otherwise! Do you think Israeli snipers are looking for children? Propaganda .. The Arab element in its nature is lies! Some pictures for spreading false lies and there are such pictures in the thousands! Get a little ..
This is actually sad to see this man is down bad bruh I used to watch him all the time in 17
So don’t fuck with my freedom I came back to get me some I’m nasty , I’m evil Must be something in the water or that I’m my mother’s daughter. Miley Cyrus
This story is literal fake news. The Intelligence Community Inspector General has released a statement disputing it and lawyers that specialize in national security and whistleblower laws say no such change occurred. https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/legal-experts-debunk-trumps-claim-whistleblower-rules-changed/story?id=65964036 …
The last time I saw the Mona Lisa, there were no Camera phones yet. Still, I couldn’t see it over everyone taking pictures with their regular cameras
I'm sorry to everyone for not getting the hashtag tweets retweeted lately. I'll try to get to them soon.
Jesus, sad when we found out 3 hours ago and then just an hour ago the guy that covers the team tweets it
I think she didn't like me reminding her that she was a has-been actress that didn't make it in Hollywood & had to take out her frustrations out on the rest of us by using guns as her new sex toys. IDK.
I’m embarrassed for you He doesn’t even like people of color. Remember money is the root to all evil!
If the strategy fails, it could be a problem in the monitoring process. we will gather and measure our data from social media platform, evaluate them carefully, analyze the impact of SMM activities and then present the result to the manager to see what can we change. Thank you~
Billy smirked at her, feeling her hand hit his. He knew she was a feisty little piggy, so he should stop talking but no. She was questioning his dominance and that rubs Billy the wrong way. “Oh yeah~? I don’t think this little piggy can top me but I sure hell too her~”-
I won't really say our gen but the one before and we struggling to bring it back to normal
2. Are you then saying that if you (as you likely will be) are defeated by the LibDem candidate at the next election that is undemocratic because you were elected in 2017 ?
Cosplay a furby or equally cute-normally-but terrifying-when-person-sized creature. And demand payments in biscuits or blood. That'll get their attention and you comnand the room and make whatever demands you wsmt at knifepoin-rob the place, im basically saying steal all the jobs
Join us in telling the UK: don’t follow Trump’s lead on Venezuela, denounce the deadly sanctions and release Venezuela’s gold! http://act.newmode.social/515333412t
Meanwhile, Jim Chalmers is simultaneously urging his party to walk away from their failed anti-aspiration election platform and complaining that those who had the foresight to realise this before the election should have no role reviewing policy: https://www.smh.com.au/politics/federal/not-interested-in-bipartisanship-labor-attacks-appointment-of-franking-credit-campaigner-20190930-p52w6x.html …
Automatic weapons are banned in Canada but assault style weapons like the AR 15 is not but it should be!! As a Canadian citizen I don’t believe that any Canadian should be allowed to own these type of firearms
She undermined the law sir. She and her comrades changed these laws within 45 days prior to leak.
Fam the rain couldn't have picked a better time. I see you mother nature.
Turns out the WB did everything by the books, had firsthand info of elements of the complaint, and the complaint was investigated and found credible by the IG. Statement from the DNI here: https://www.dni.gov/files/ICIG/Documents/News/ICIG%20News/2019/September%2030%20-%20Statement%20on%20Processing%20of%20Whistleblower%20Complaints/ICIG%20Statement%20on%20Processing%20of%20Whistleblower%20Complaints.pdf …
The Kiwi evangelist in Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison's White House snub: https://www.onenewspage.com/n/Politics/1zkjrjyky1/The-Kiwi-evangelist-in-Australian-Prime-Minister-Scott.htm …
Thank you. It all started with somebody asking one question and that brought up a whole host of questions I had. And I’m so stubborn I don’t stop until I find the answers lol... it always shocks me though when what I theorized is proven correct lol
I don't know what it is, but being starving one day and then not hungry at all the next is unsettling.
Yeah it’s awful. I’m wondering what cause would be worth fighting for that involves treating the elderly like shit
Heads up, this account is a known scam account that steals artwork to claim as thier own. Along with other accounts like . Details are in the thread that's quote retweeted
The chair of the House Intelligence Committee sends a letter to the DNI inquiring about the complaint & demanding that the LAW regarding whistleblower complaints be followed. DNI is forced to turn over the complaint, *as required by law.
VIDEO: Walter Kunnmann has steadily lowered his times on the cross country course for University Heights this fall and has settled in as the team's No. 2 runner. He still has some goals he would like to reach as the final month of the season settles in. http://bit.ly/2mfvZl2
The #Trump administration, in its push for drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, is arguing the project should go forward because "there is not a climate crisis." ://thehill.com/policy/energy-environment/463695-trump-administration-argues-there-is-no-climate-crisis-in …
We weren’t looking for corruption, but there you were! There is no proof, the Biden’s have been corrupt, but there is plenty of proof with you!! You love to destroy your competition !!
It’s like a glacial dam has burst. An entire day of pithy observations and cynicism comes crashing down from the fountainhead, having been held back by a moraine of malfunctioning neurons. It’s not that I’m not there when I’m hypo - it’s that I’m stuck in a broken machine.
Herbert David Kleber, an American psychiatrist, died on 5th October then what is the reason behind dedicating a doodle today?
Today on #NotYourCentury | Extra Deadly Tylenol, 1982. Seven people die in the Chicago suburbs after taking Extra Strength Tylenol laced with cyanide. The murders are never solved. Spotify > https://trib.al/adMVmpZ Apple > https://trib.al/Qby7SmT
Facts. I’m actually surprised that mainstream artists even bother with LP-length albums anymore. Give us a single and a hot B-side every two months, then drop the whole collection with some remixes and unreleased tracks for Xmas.
Stale chips are just the fuckin worst. Absolute inedible garbage
After October 10 and November 8, I'll be on here a lot to survive the after surgery pain!
How hypersonic weapons sparked a new arms race between Russia, China and the US - CNBC - http://www.chinatravelblog.com/2019/10/01/how-hypersonic-weapons-sparked-a-new-arms-race-between-russia-china-and-the-us-cnbc/ … #China #travel
so a pen used its lazer ray to film the pet beerus what kind of star wars
Hillbag for prison the human tornado America said oh hell no to
Not gonna lie, I’m not a huge fan of this touch bar on the MacBook.
The Battle Tower/Maison/Tree/Frontier is such a mood sometimes
This book will keep you on the edge of your seat, with one eye kept open for those pesky rodents!
While I am so tired of the "wrong answers" game, that title works perfectly here. Bravo.
I have a ‘real’ family. Sure as hell don’t have anymore room in the barnyard either
Aahhhh... cousins. Riiiiight. *wink wink* The foolery of it all..... embarrassing.
what the fuck is this? very few things make me feel really bad but this video makes me sick
I really thought as a Kanye fan I might get something for sticking around long. Everyone laughs at me Kanye do you know how this feels, I just keep telling them it’s coming but nobody listens. You made a fool out of me for the last time I’m unfollowing your twitter as we spe
My sister from another mother! You go girl! Jesus didn't clear out the temple by asking politely.
Chai they can't over the disqualification, was tacha the only contestant? Why e be say na only she dem disqualify, you know why bro? Bad character.
Crowley, quit's His exit came as inside knowledge of No 10 said the atmosphere of feuding and fear inside was palpable, a poisonous atmosphere pervades, and names of who will gain from ND are widely known now, Also is those who won't! it can't survive
So, we're in the danger zone now. I'm out here carboloading like a MF trying to get my starting weight up. Did we decide if we're doing a group DM or out in the open?
I run a schooner out of Galilee, RI. Today I was boarded by pirates just off the coast of Block Island and they took my catch of bass. Do you think I have a case and should I call you between 9 and 5?
Hey, you're the one who constantly cries about wanting to die, what better way is there than communism and starving xD
Yeah that’s what I’ve always found funny about Nick and ISWV, it’s how you know they know nothing about anime. Because so much of it is filthy. Hell Dragon Ball has the walking talking sexual harassment case that’s Roshi. (Which thank god DBS took steps to change because gross)
Sorry, but it is the job of the AG to investigate crimes. Just because they happen to oppose Trump doesn't mean they are to be allowed to continue their corruption.
El de Lucas Barrios, el de Miralles, Paredes y ese golazo en el 2016 ( si no me equivoco )
#Neither but if one wants to lose deeper in Oct it’s the #Nats
No you are corrupt and angry because you lost the election fair and square!
All in the 2017 draft... Ryan Ramczyk was the next tackle taken after Garett Bolles. Chris Godwin was the next receiver taken after Carlos Henderson. George Kittle was the next tight end taken after Jake Butt. Brutal.
Let’s go  need the  to keep losing so that  pick will be top 10 next year.
Biden needs to go to a room with a few dozen 13 year old girls on camera and catch him groping the girls which is a pedo crime. He will totally lose control if we could get those girls in that room. Touch one and he's locked up.
The way I abused myself from age 19 to 30, I'm well past my halfway point anyways.
If you are on the toilet right now then our assholes are connected through the sewers
Ok I cant even begin to talk about how I just said goodbye to Natalia because she’s moving to Nashville on Thursday and almost broke down in tears in the middle of this Texas Roadhouse. Omg.
I’ve noticed since I was forced out of the closet, I have some family members that makes things awkward STILL TIL THIS DAY! I’m like, WTF, this has been since 2005 and you’re still weirded out over my sexuality? Some members, I don’t have a relationship with....OH WELL LOL
"I will get back to you on Sunday" I feel sorry for the poor guy already
This college admissions scandal podcast is fucking CRAZY! Money RULES the damn world!!!
The people i had a crush on in high school vs now idk what i was thinking cause potheads
Also violations are correct when boys involved, what if girls involved in it, people gonna abuse the girl to the max but forget in a day or two if a boy does the same thing.
#ImpeachmentIsComing to the world The Egyptian people will close Cairo International Airport tomorrow until further notice We will close the airport to pressure the dictatorial regime to leave. no allow a murderer&thief 2 rule Egypt To achieve the demands of the people&freedom
A thread: Growing up I was always dark skinned, because I did many outdoor sports. I grew up in a mostly white and light skinned latino town & being the darkest in my whole family that was wasn’t mixed, I was often exposed to colorism since I can remember. I was called different
giana seems to have forgotten that the twins and emma both model for louis vuitton in their spare time
Either that or the denial is that deep. My opinion is he’s gotten away with cons his who life so he simply cannot believe he’ll be held accountable for something. Smh
Know to leave when the heat is coming I learnt that
My wrist fucking hurts even with a bandage on. Even with the slightest contact makashagit ko yAwa
An entire ocean of water can’t sink a ship unless it gets inside the ship. Similarly, the negativity of the world can’t put you down unless you allow it to get inside you
The boring months are finally going to be over with
Gonna say this, if yuh ass not from the Caribbean or not uneducated on your Caribbean history. Shut your pie hole. Dont know what hot mess some of yall thought in schools or what propaganda you are fed online. But the Caribbean is diverse and our accents are as diverse
There will be no body left after the frog from frogger gets you
Due to subsiding fire danger, the BLM is removing the fire restrictions for Niobrara, and Weston Counties on Oct. 1, 2019. For more information on BLM fire restrictions or conditions, contact your local BLM office or go to http://ow.ly/qPiB50wxnlp .
#BLOG: #Hospitals appear to be treating #Medicare patients in emergency departments and observation areas to avoid readmissions and the #financial penalties associated with them. All the details here: http://ow.ly/sYGO30pygGd
More damaging information is being leaked to the press and congress... this week will crucial. #Congress needs to subpoena all the phone conversations on the lock down servers
    FAMILY COST of LIVING & INCOME EARNINGS Should be the Formula to DECIDE POVERTY of the FAMILY Each FAMILY Yearly Cost of LIVING is About 24000 USD. 50 % of World FAMILIES are POOR FAMILIES
Yeah, and the drinking, gambling and drugs. It’s rife and I see it at it’s worse with the poorest who can least afford it. £10 pack of 20!
 in Delaware is some crap. I had a order I never received. Canceled the order and still haven’t got my money back.
Why hasn't he already!!! There has to be enough out there! Of course, Lame Stream Media wouldn't cover it if he did. Getting blowback from FBI Director Shey. He needs to go! AG Barr needs to speed things up #QuidProJoe needs a special prosecutor. Enough of the nonsense already
NOOOOOOO! *cries even more with the raging thunder*
Orlando Hernandez truancy against the United States government acting like me knew they were doing a terror attack. the rosales
The panic is real, ya’ll https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2019/09/deep-state-panic-ag-bill-barr-met-with-british-and-italian-intel-officials-on-obama-officials-spying-on-trump-campaign/ …
My pussy was nice and tight before I heard this song but now my piss flaps are on the floor !
If we don't rid of Emery asap he will ruin all the talents in the club before going that when the new manager comes he won't even know where to start from.
No rose tattoo but the iced coffee addiction is FACTS
**WHITE PERSON ANNOUNCEMENT ** Don’t you fxcking dare wear a cultural outfit for halloween. ~~Esp NO/ ZERO/ NEVER Blackface~~ YOU WILL GET ABUSED by me n i’ll ruin the rest of your ignorant 2k19.
Sad to see Erik rape noobs by hopping on the “I like bitcoin. Buy my shitcoin” band wagon....
pssstttt IM EVERYWHERE. click the link——> http://www.hollowwaymusic.com #newartist #newwebsite #reverbnation #applemusic #iheartradio #spotify #pandora #distrokid #hiphop #rock #rap #producer #mobilesite #desktopsite #pop #angry #folloWHollow
He’s going to bring back the smoking gun evidence Barr just uncovered in Italy.
I never found the ones who actually did like us. They talk a lot of shit. Love to fuck us. Embarrassed to call is their girlfriend. Just my experience.
Newt named after a swampy lizard that hides in dark damp crevices, much like Trumps ass crack. Newt investigated Clinton's affair, while having an affair, WHILE his wife had cancer. Classic slime. Waiting on the facts, not Gingrich's gaslighting.
This mofo deadass lost the moral high ground to Pandji Pragiwaksono. I mean, c'mon. That's kinda funny.
 if Pelosi knew about the Ukraine call prior to the "whistleblower" report as claimed and  crimes were so heinous as to warrant impeachment wasn't it her duty to report the crime herself or did she leak classified information to the whistleblower?
here’s some advice don’t be a pussy. what’s the worst that could happen???
Can i plz get the acc becouse i rlly need it bc i got banned
“43% said “president Trump is trying to smear Joe Biden ahead of the 2020 presidential campaign,” up 4 points from last week”
All yall dogs who want a Walker who aint gon be all up in the selfies and playin fake ball.. come on down to #wreckedrow
twitter is full of terrible, terrible takes, but this may be the worst take: https://www.theatlantic.com/health/archive/2019/09/why-kale/599041/ …
The beginning always helps so pick warlock and start with the red war.
I gotta leave work stress at the job... fuck around and beat the dog shit out of my wife for having the wrong faygos in the fridge
The Canadian Press will avoid mentioning this at all cost.
The Ukraine story is sprouting new elements almost by the hour, and an embattled , trapped by his own words, is increasingly spouting menacing, authoritarian threats. This is going to a very bad place, I fear.
Jared Goff's 517 passing yards not enough to stave off upset -Goff became just the 23rd QB to reach the 500 mark, but his four turnovers -- three interceptions and a fumb .. - http://www.espn.com/blog/nflnation/post/_/id/301116/jared-goffs-517-passing-yards-not-enough-to-stave-off-upset …
 "Hello Leela..." I raise my hands as she held a laser gun at me. I give her a 'really?' Expression before raising my hand, an unseen force throwing the weapon into the wall. It shattered into pieces as I sipped on a long island iced tea. "I've only come to--
Is HASPEL the person who authorized the change to the form. Suspend her from her job until they investigate the circumstances, if she was involved. Simple mistake? or PART OF COUP?
Even beyond the senseless hatred and violence this is an entirely new low for them. End it! End Antifa!
download the game just to somehow find a find a way to add yuri to it -chaotic neutral
Yellow Fever And Malaria In The US? With Climate Crisis, It's Within The Realm Of Possibility http://www.wbur.org/hereandnow/2019/09/30/infectious-disease-climate-change …
As someone presumably secure in your internal moral compass, does this change anything about your beliefs? Do you now worry about the number of people who themselves worry about their moral compasses without restraint?
Somebody at  has mad jokes putting the Lady Vols logo in place of the  logo
Can a sandwich give you bubonic plague? Because this sandwich I bought looks like it might have started the Black Death.
i'm too impatient to watch a tutorial but how the fuck do i add a track
Wtf does your richer than rich ass know about today's middle class? The last time you were middle class, the Dodgers were still in Brooklyn.
When the “president” threatens Civil War if he is removed from office, legally and for cause, he should be locked up wearing a white straight jacket. This person, Donald Trump, is insane!
#ORFMumbai| Dr Ramanath Jha in his piece on Mumbai's deluge; tries to answer if the floods of anger, collapsed buildings, human deaths and other collective and individual human tragedies year over year have made Mumbaikars reconcile to their fate? Read: http://ow.ly/1vCl30pDjlh
Was this all leaked out (the letter from Australia to Barr and Mulvaney, or does the Trump admin want us to know what they are doing? Seems... this is treasonous and this wasn’t supposed to be public. Barr, not anyone in the admin should be working with other countries for 2020
Jack Benny Program- Jack Practices The Bee 01/24/37 The Life Of Riley- Missing Five Dollars 03/25/45 Fred Allen Show- Mob Buster 03/20/49 Martin & Lewis Show- Witnessed A Murder 11/07/49
The climate crisis and the pain of losing what we love: a commentary by our VT-based editor Glenn Scherer ~ https://news.mongabay.com/2019/09/the-climate-crisis-and-the-pain-of-losing-what-we-love-commentary/ … How is your own home place changing? Mongabay invites you to tally your observations in the comments section for sharing in a later story.
It doesn't have to be a place. Sometimes it's the people you are with that make you feel at home. No matter where you are.
Fox “News” needs to be regulated and fined. Other countries have recognized that they are harmful propaganda and they have been banned. When we are out of the clutches of the corrupt GOP we must push for this. Billionaires throwing red meat to the poorly educated for power and $
the cops knocked on the door and me and nat who do absolutely nothing thot we were in trouble
the city i live in is violent as fuck primarily because of the youth. i was around 5, 6 yrs old back when DC was the murder capitol of the country. but now that i'm damn near 40 living in a place where youth violence is thru the roof, i understand the fear my mom/grandma felt
You know what the problem is ., Its that the sickening Left has tried to undermine and not allow this President to be President. Every move he makes is a huge deal unlike giving Obama a pass on doing nothing. The media is the real problem and drive a toxic schism in this country.
I can think of plenty of less patriotic things like lying liberal Democrats accusing President Trump of things their own party does. Must be the season of the partisan witch hunt.
just kinda making a joke. used to see a lot of tweets about how they disliked brutalism, the architectural movement. haven't seen it as much lately
Nah I wouldn’t have had her buy em in the first place if I wasn’t gone take em
Would it be worthwhile to run one or two copies of Tormod's Crypt in sideboard? Graveyard hate + gets the emry ascendancy combo to go off
Yeah it's weird sometimes the machine can see one thing and send it there such as Armadale is in Vic and Qld I believe so it can send it to the wrong one
Ur mad cause you couldn’t go to rolling loud? Why don’t you ROLL your LOUD ass back to the library ole academic probation headass
Hidden is not the same as covered. He made no effort to conceal his identity after. Mask was simply decoration at that point.
If the man didn't want to get hit he should have stayed on the ground. The league has been missing this intensity a hard play since the 90's. Break out participation trophies for the rest.
From  Just in time for Halloween, book one of the Midnight’s Edge series, The Secrets of Sleepy Meadows, is on sale for .99 and being pushed by Books Butterfly. #Paranormal, #supernatural, #ghosts, #horror #LGBT, #Kindle http://freebookdeals.com/
Good question. I have another. Will there be a rerun of Peppa Pig show apart from the usual how to build a suicide vest, daily show of how to blow up a Kafir? Just asking out if curious
And hopefully headed directly to jail for the rest of his miserable life. Along with his criminal family, friends, administration and treasonous GOP flunkies
Actually, a correction Sen.Lankford. If you read the call transcript, (rather than talking points provided by the WH) you will find that is not true. Neither did “100 Democrats begin the year calling for impeachment.” Not ‘til Mueller Report. ~Thou shalt not bear false witness.~
Kids in 1st - 5th grade are invited to a multi-church gathering for Nerf Wars this Friday night. The cost is just $5 and includes dinner! Register now at http://nlcchurch.com/kids *Event held at Neighborhood A/G*
“We don’t have to do this,” I’d said when we walked out to the stone patio where people were dancing. “No one has to know.” “Know what?” Snow asked softly. “That I’m obsessed with you? That horse left the barn a long time ago.” HEHEHEHE
So how’s it feel being caught lying by the whole internet?
I still wish I could talk to someone all the time :(
It's a no brainer the DEMS are in big trouble by using the media to make their case Americans have lots of common sense
You don't. You say "politics suck" and move on. Honestly there isn't much we can do. But, workhard and invest properly, and get to a place where these middle class issue and policies don't effect you. Rise above and let the others fight over scraps
At this point in my life the only thing that’s attracted to me is that goddamn house fly that seems to find me in every fucking room I’m in!
after the 3rd time y’all fuck and he STILL hasn’t made you cum, every time after that is your fault fr fr. either go get some new dick or stop complaining.
it will always be dumb that y’all purposely search for weird things, find them, screenshot them and then post them on twitter... now y’all are searching moans on youtube and posting the screenshot for 18 likes and 4 quotes
We keep losing track of these "small" infractions in the face of constant crimes coming to light. Let's not forget.
I didn’t say the world did I? Not everyone is on board with this ridiculous agenda.
What crimes would they be, SoccerDad? Show us the evidence-you know, like a transcript we call all read,Rudy’s screenshots. Biden & just about the rest of the West,wanted that prosecutor fired b/c he WASN’T investigating corruption. Turn the channel or do some research, buddy.
“We can now confirm that the student who accused three of her classmates of assault has acknowledged that the allegations were false.” https://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2019/sep/30/hoax-girl-who-accused-white-boys-cutting-dreadlock/ …
There’s no building in the US large enough to hold everyone
Pressed I missed Sam Smith at the club the weekend I decide to lay low and not go out so much.
Oh we’re kind of the same on that. I might even be bitter about it. The flying cars are here and they’re going to become affordable. They’re just not for us. They’ll be the next generation’s transporter, maybe commonly owned by several families who share its capabilities
Just watched it, its dire, scraping the barrel stuff. Jeez rob, alex zane has rude tube and it beats this by a country mile. Just awful.
Probably not, they should bust it out once or twice more. Some weird rule thing where massive overhauls have to be planned well in advance so they’re kinda stuck with this for the rest of 2019
Seems like the case. But I don’t get why. China is liberal socially and economically, just not politically. Why are these liberal countries hating on China?
Yup your ignorance is showing. You might want to brush up on the Crusades... There were nine of them, The Puritans did also persecute women in Salem based on superstition and mob mentality based firmly with religion
Were we maybe thinking that by the time Trump was on his second or third or fourth or whatever picks for roles with obvious potential for never working or being invited to dinner again and maybe spending some time in prison, the barrel scrapings would suddenly turn to purest gold
So is ur ladies ass I hit it purposely every time u leave the house
Europe isnt the enemy - demonising us is undermining Britain || By Joris Luyendijk https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2019/sep/29/europe-isnt-enemy-undermining-britain-tories-nasty-party?CMP=share_btn_tw …
The issue is allowing cos to follow local practice. Cayman governance rules are shocking for listed cos. See Baidu: A fiduciary nightmare https://youtu.be/E6E0FmP4JXg
I don’t think your kinda personality would be easy or difficult to handle but i will handle the hell out of your personality either ways. Attitude problem is the main issue kai!!. Its a blessing in disguise that you’re attitude free
Everyone needs to watch The hate you give It’s an eye opener
This is the cognitive dissonance people feel when they can't reconcile a gifted actor with a complete asshole. Fake De Niro is way better then real De Niro, who is an asshat.
This confirms that the JEDI are the antagonists & represent a Deep State Rogue militant group which has 1) trafficked children around the galaxy, preying on vulnerable boys like Anakin with single-mothers 2) using mind tricks to continue their child abductions 3) lying to Luke...
Awww...our humble babies....of course they wont forget their senior but unfortunately, NONE of those senior help to open the door for my babies...they work their ass off..so bts paved the way real hard.. thank you and goodbye. Next.
the possibility that even if we did have a black interviewer they still would make our concerns seem like its not that important really irritates me. we saw black ppl doing the same thing on here
And don’t get me started on how many times lebron has put PG out of his misery in the playoffs so again remind me when has PG or kawhi EVER stopped lebron?
He needs time and backing, the potential is there... but the facts speak for themselves he has been very poor so far, made Gervinho look elite
Some of my #favorite things - Books... The First Deadly Sin by Lawrence Sanders - http://www.amazon.com/First-Deadly-Edward-Delaney-Book-ebook/dp/B00B4V7PUC/ …
A broad area of low pressure has formed over the northwestern Caribbean Sea between Grand Cayman and Jamaica, and is producing a small area of showers and thunderstorms.
He is the town drunk.... look at his nose.... that’s been bar broke many times.... disgrace to this country
forgot about this until just now but we did like, tests to find our spirit animals in an old english class, and my gf’s at the times said that she was a “natural liar that used this to get what she wanted”, anyways i found out like a month later that she was cheating on me
I feel the pain i literally wanna see him SOOOO BADLY
Heartbreaking image of toddler shovelling earth on to dad’s grave released in bid to cut knife crime - The Sun-
Maybe cos the notifications were broken? Part 2 maybe?
Could get, are you fying kidding? I shuttered my retail space and went to online only. America is going to get exactly what it's begging for. Once Amazon strangles every other retailer to death, they will be the only employer and we will be assimilated.
You won’t believe the real identity of the whistleblower who stabbed Trump in the back https://patriotpulse.net/you-wont-believe-the-real-identity-of-the-whistleblower-who-stabbed-trump-in-the-back/ … via
The second short in the Digimon movie is the first draft to Summer Wars.
I get to do the soft count and the order sick tomorrow aye
I'm gonna pretend I didn't die for love, so I seem less stupid than the original fuckboi.
There are many elephants around; highlighting or talking about one does not mean that others don't matter. However one should not sidestep an issue because of others. Unchecked Muslim immigration is as baneful to the society as the things you have mentioned. And that is MY view.
-Come unos cuantos pedazos más y se deja caer en el sofá lleno, con la boca llena de salsa de tomate- Ya no puedo más, como me meta un trozo más de pizza en la boca tendré pesadillas con una pizza gigante devorandome. -Se frota la tripa-
the children also seem to forget or just simply don't know that chinese/thai/all foreign artists in kpop get paid less than their korean members
The Insiders — , ,  and  — share their thoughts on K-State's loss at Oklahoma State.https://247sports.com/college/kansas-state/Article/Kansas-State-football-basketball-Powercat-Insiders-Tim-Fitzgerald-Matt-Walters-Kellis-Robinett-Ryan-Black-September-30-2019-Oklahoma-State-136351436/ …
Having to stay in a relationship bc you’re trying to force it to work due to online embarrassment, you being afraid to be alone, or for the sake of “TIL death do us part “ is some YIKES ass shit
“Imagine if you used only 20% of any service you paid for every month and ignored the other 80%! This is exactly what we are doing with data. ” via  http://bit.ly/2ndEZYk #BigData #AI
im so sad i didn’t get to witness gng under the moon :( at least i got to witness gws and maybe only 1 in two months
BBC is sickening. Your not a news outlet, your an arm of the Global, Socialist, Soros network.
“It’s horrifying to see that it would be happening in this country..." #NJNN's  gives the latest as police seek the bandits behind the stolen 9/11 memorial plaques in Atlantic Highlands, New Jersey.
Changed my alarm clock to the Pillar Men theme from jojo and I've been early to work ever since
common goals to work toward. They just do it for completely different reasons and you could expect a large fight for power between them if they continue to get their way. I’ll say between some of them. You might be surprised at the nbr of lesbian separatists who ended up in
Eating these is the biggest waste of money all people do is put tapatio and lemon on them then swallow these sucks you might as well put tapatio and lemon on a sock and swallow that
Real #knowledge is to know the extent of one&#39;s ignorance. - Confucius #quote #read #quoteoftheday
Even before the digital age, book-lovers were always prone to distraction. https://buff.ly/2o1vATz
What exactly is it with y'all and the inability to hear female voices??
#HairstyleFilmsAndSongs on the wigs of a dove & the good, the bald and the ugly
The Indian Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (Slaughter House) Rules, 2001, states "animals [are] not to be slaughtered except in recognized or licensed houses. During Eid most of the slaughter is done in back yards .
If you are or know a #newteacher or #preserviceteacher, grab this book of all the tips and tricks I collected as I learned many lessons the first few years in the classroom. Paperback - https://buff.ly/2V5IQD6 Kindle- https://buff.ly/2ObQrin
Can I get away with using a case with a foot? Acts the same. I’m almost 40. Though it triggers some nerve damage from being on the horn when the airbag went off, so maybe I should try a pop socket?
OracleFinancialGroup Ninth Circ. Trebles TCPA Damages Against Debt Collector - The National Law Review: Ninth Circ. Trebles TCPA Damages Against Debt Collector The National Law Review http://dlvr.it/RFDR9M
last night in Munich my friends and I had an experience that was a threat to our safety and while we wrote a review about the situation/current state of the Airbnb (NOTHING about the host), she left us a terrible review that was 10000% false. Pls rt this is NOT okay
Summer walker boutta make me hate the man I don’t even have LMAOOO
And don’t use the whole “your ancestors did this and that” that’s bullshit. I have no relation to those people are their actions other than my skin color. Their actions don’t define me. Use another argument.
True to some degree, but Pokemon takes in too many customers/sales in the West for them to ignore it (they even based SM in a western state: Hawaii).
REC-FM: [19:50] NOW PLAYING: Van Halen - Runnin' With The Devil - 15 listeners
West Point’s motto is ‘Duty, Honor, Country’. Along the way people have been reminded that they actions are ‘Duty...Country’. Pompeo appears to have forgotten all three. Very disappointing as an alumnus
Coming to twitch in the near future the looking ass emote   #digitalart
#MondayMotivation Damned right we are! That's the real deal, right there! #LeadRight #truth #truthbomb #truthdom #maga #MAGA2020 #kag #KAG2020 #Trump2020 #LRA #WalkAway #testify #ThePersistence
The depths of my stupidity surprises even me. You would think I would expect it at this point but no
The battle between light and dark seems to be as challenging than ever what happens when the light starts to dim
Is it bad that I’m am insanely attracted to the sexual harassment teachers?
I strongly feel when we have injury crisis we play fred on the left flank and Tuanzebe on the right while young stays on the side line with him on the pitch we are still short of a player.
The purpose of the pistol is to stop a fight that somebody else has started, almost always at very short range. - Jeff Cooper
Crystal Mason: I was arrested for voting, but I won’t let the government intimidate me https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/i-was-arrested-for-voting-but-i-wont-let-the-government-intimidate-me/2019/09/30/7b6261b8-dfbf-11e9-8dc8-498eabc129a0_story.html …
Oooooo I can't wait to binge watch all the horror movies and theN THANKSGIVING FOOD YES
Well, Fox News viewers are dumb as rocks. Opie would have no trouble skipping them all the way across Myers Lake.
We all make mistakes  Just give it to Moira Shire & stop the bull....
Jesus! Shoot those fuckers first I say! Where are you holidaying?.... On the island of "tone-deaf cunts"?
Imagine thinking enjoying perverted things in the present year is a bad thing. Filthy purists need to be purged.
I don't believe in conspiracy theories, only believe in conspiracies that have factual basis. You are barking around the wrong tree
What is cynical polarization is posting the sign during a climate change rally not supporting the oil sands .... but you know ... spin it your way!!
Looks fun after a long morning on the ass pounder 4000 #Motavation
27/ Thanks for posting the Video! Is this how Globalists #Rape & #Pillage countries? Send in #philanthropists like #Soros & #Browder to create Chaos First? Hidden Agendas Disguised as Acts of Kindness? #Biden #JohnKerry #Burisma #Ukraine #SexTrafficking
Tried watching that entire video. The Rebel is a disaster.
Marvel comics is bad, and has been bad for some time now. Unless GW has an utter iron grip on who and what is being published it WILL be shit. The far, far more worrying implication is that this opens the door to an absorption of Citadel by Disney.
This school's wild! The duels back at home are nothing like this. I guess that's what happens when you hang out with Jaden.
Wow...the Apple Dumpling Gang Rides Again...except pelosi will be playing Don Knotts & Schiff will play Tim Conway...these people are so evil
Hounds defeat Pike in 3 tonight on the road. Carmel finishes MIC play at 5-2.
Wanted to hit the fair, but I fell asleep and now I’m too lazy smh
To bad it had nothing to do with e cigarettes so your ban is pointless. People will still die buying stuff off the black market instead of quality products from a store.
Kids event at the local library. they just do so much shit for so little
“If the facts are against you, argue the law. If the law is against you, argue the facts. If the law and the facts are against you, pound the table and yell like hell”.
Becoming a #manager is seen as the primary path of upward progression in a person’s career. But, do you *truly* want to become a manager? Here are critical questions to reflect on when considering if you should take the leap: https://knowyourteam.com/blog/2019/03/20/do-i-truly-want-to-become-a-manager/ …
Their behaviour is the worst I have seen from any member of the BRF. They should be cut off and made to beg for that food!
He already is the worst ever, in my book. #ImpeachmentIsComing #ResignNow
Yesss..... why do they pair this pros with some people that they know they will never beat a pair that can dance?? Like Bobby, the lady of the shark tank, I think John Hammond I know some will actually learn how to dance, but you can tell when someone don’t have it. Unfair
Prescription means he can get govt to pay for it for the poors
Lost me when I saw "Harvard" - look at the chaos their graduates have created.
No connection to WI, but have lived in the DC area for quite a while, BUT grew up on The Beast ... Neutral.
Climate also lets you know what kind of weather to expect throughout the year etc. A nasty snow storm like this not expected in September. Especially when there is global warming 'crisis' and 'hottest years ever'.
If only. The stocks drop every time there is a scandal, but they always get back on the feet quick
So there were 50 blacks people in the survey, and one person marked the wrong box?
Just read part 6 of jojo, In my opinion that was the best plot but not my favorite part
Those things are annoying. No regards for airplanes on the ramp.
Lend your voice to suicide prevention research. We would like to speak to men in farming occupations across the RIVERINA region who are willing to tell us about their experiences of distress or poor mental health.
He kept it on the map fool. The Clintons never saw a Muslim they didn't side with. Until Omar warned the world about Obama. Israel would not be on the map had Hitlery won. Wake up and read.
Watch the video “spiders on drugs” I’m weird too LMAOO
The left demonrats shed blood everyday. Abortion, antifa, cop killers, etc. Wheres your outrage? Why don't you speak out against that you RINO!
Opinion | The Forgotten History of America’s Worst Racial Massacre https://buff.ly/2mYQYsQ
Dorothy (the American public) doesn't stand a chance.
The more Clary gets all spazzy about her AU the more grim I'm determined to make my own story because WHERE THERE IS LIGHT, SHADOWS LURK AND FEAR REIGNS (maybe 2 people in my tl got that reference)
Kok kayak nonton Avatar the legend of ang, nah yg ini scene nya pas negara api menyerang, baju nya sama
Just like you so I guess the racism cancels each other out like pemdas
JV soccer defeats Southern Boone, 2-1. Kaleb White & Charlie Lohden scored goals for the Eagles!
#Routes:These are the 5 key routes a fraudster will take into your homes and lives. 1. HomePhone 2. Internet 3. Mobile 4.Letterbox 5. Doorstep Any unsolicited letter, text, email, phone call or knock at your door from any business , #VERIFY #Tell2 Protect many!
At least the self-driving trash can provides a new go-to insult GIF
Killer With Three Heads is the second book in the Killer series. Bulletproof Morris ‘Mojo’ Johnson returns to New York as John Morrison after a 10 year absence to find the people responsible for kidnapping his daughter, Maria.Killer With Three Heads (The Killer Series) by JL Hill
Still no. The odor of my tae and the smell of coffee are two things I do not want to mix with my lysol infused bathroom air.
the fact that I have to pay for tampons when I literally did not ask for a period is... ghetto
Sign up for #StrongerToday5K The Willow's virtual 5K run. Help raise awareness and money for survivors of domestic violence #DVAM2019https://buff.ly/2nVmRCH
Idk why but I’ve felt sad all day, well more like for the past week+ kinda not nice ngl kinda sucks
ughh i had the HUGEST fuck off spot on my head today nd i wanted to cover it with makeup so i started lightly nd ended up doing a full face of makeup.. (i never do bc who gives a fuck it’s only work...) cute right ? WRONG.
Me? Once again talking to a guy who did me wrong in the past? It’s more likely than you think!
that video of renjun at the airport... i’m literally going to beat someone’s ass
I get that our corners are weak, but I’d rather teams throw to the sideline and get tackled out of bounds to stop the clock, leaving more time for PM. Run is the biggest threat b/c PM loses time. Think that’s been part of the strategy all along? #tinfoilhat
Am I missing something here?? Why is Guendouzi being hailed as some sort of Messiah today? That was the most average game between 2 most average teams
I been goin cray 4 the fuck of it, pour me up a 8 4 the fuck of it
Sorry bro just calling it as I see it. Maybe it’s just your radio persona and in real life your a good dude but all I have to go off is how you are on the radio. If im wrong I’ll be the first to admit it.
Strasburg has matured into a steely-eyed assassin. A killer who gives up some runs but gets the other team out in a way that embarrasses them, sending ‘em skulking back to dugout. Spittle and fury and “gimme the fuckin’ ball” doesn’t do the same. I hope otherwise, but . . . .
The game died when 我用谷歌翻譯 kept overtaking me before the finish line
Seb Gorka? The fish oil salesman? WHAT IN THE HELL IS HAPPENING!?
Caught in the act: a black hole rips apart an unfortunate star - http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/reuters/scienceNews/~3/mhZaOzWAKSI/caught-in-the-act-a-black-hole-rips-apart-an-unfortunate-star-idUSKBN1WB2PT …
Scott Morrison's blithe recasting after a shire council blew the whistle on his crude pork barrelling was nothing short of Trumpian |  #auspolhttps://bit.ly/2nVAyRX
I call his problem the "rubbernecking at the train wreck" scenario. Many want to gawk, no one wants to be part of it.
I can’t believe Borderlands 3 is so bad. It has such piss poor writing and doesn’t have an understanding of how to handle the death of characters people actually like. It goes beyond just plot and events, but also dialogue. The game itself lacks any significant improvements too
Writer's Chat is this week on Wednesday at 8:30 PM EST! Are you a writer? Aspiring? Then come to this live open forum discussion on discord (voice) and chat with other writers about the craft! Topic: Creating Conflict DM me for info! http://www.ivwall.net/blog/writers-chat-october-2nd-creating-conflict#…
Joe - on a day the POTUS sunk lower and lower, you still managed to come out the winner today. Breathtakingly dumb take Joe
This random lady just confronted some girl over a bracelet saying that she stole it from her house, I'm dead what the fuck
In the video clip, he asks the facility staff “I thought you were calling the police”...so these statements are pure bull. This is a health facility and he had no invitation to attend. The facility staff were escorting him out. This acting performance is almost worth an Oscar
Newt Gingrich, the father of obstructionist politics. Lying for Trump. It suits you.
Garlic secrets #41: Apply Garlic to a cut or burn to intensify the pain.
The horizon rains down unceremonious lumps of frightened monkeys with typewriters.
People like  &  are the worst kind of people on the face of the earth, living in the west while apologizing for a hereditary dictatorship that has caused the death, injury and displacement of half of Syria.
TLOU - Shit GOW - Great Horizon down syndrome - The dumpster
Idk if it’s the sickness but I deff was sweating extra at the gym tonight
#outfront  just admitted that what  has done is not appropriate... That's all the words you need to say Rick.. you know this dude is unfit.. just get over it and admit he needs to go! Stop trying to drag this shit out!
Background:- https://www.ft.com/content/aef65f4e-c4f7-11e9-a8e9-296ca66511c9 … A difficult dispute due to conflicting worker interests as many have already signed the new contracts so a strike ballot is not on.The GMB letter is tokenism.A public petition pledging boycott until matter resolved ? Other suggestions please!
The dog had serious injuries and was taken to an emergency veterinary clinic by an officer for treatment. https://www.gosanangelo.com/story/news/crime/2019/09/30/san-angelo-man-accused-strangling-and-throwing-dog-balcony/3824802002/ …
damn so you’re just gonna put me on the spot like that
Racism and bigotry are just two of the nazis cults talents. They’re also climate deniers, flat earthers, an ak15 in every toddlers hands, Pro lawlessness and anti education. They can’t help themselves - I blame gmo soy that’s in their copious junk food and bad tap water. lol
“3 reasons why Joe Biden is no longer the 2020 Democratic frontrunner” https://buff.ly/2oCOsZr
Ok enough with the Trump crazy town sitcom! this is too much! GORKA is a nut case! Are there no sane people in this White House! Did the crazy bus unload all these clowns on White House grounds and Trump welcomed them all in?
That’s not the MO for the far left. It’s all hearsay, innuendo, and in some cases outright lies! It’s disgusting!!! I don’t know who’s pulling their strings, but it’s fracturing this country and it pi$$e$me off!!
just got a sick job. I'll be making more money than my mom. probably gonna buy her the Gucci or lv backpack she's been wanting with my first check. started MBA school this week. literally nothing could ruin this vibe.
Despite a first half lead,  falls to Notre Dame 35-20 in their first loss of the season http://bit.ly/2oE27PZ
I had mine stolen at a golf course. Went in for a burger, came out and they were gone. Thieves are the worst!
If these traitors are found guilty. I am all up for a public hanging. Right on the White House lawn !!
But our very own dearest   and their likes keep defending this criminals in uniform, what exactly is the diff between these guys and armed robbers. Apparently  /FSARS has killed more innocent Nigerian than kidnappers
"We're becoming adrenaline junkies with the news and that's not a good way to learn what's happening in the world" —  ( ). The widening gap between the press and the public, tonight at 8/11pm, with  ( ) &  | Producer:
Why Hotels Need to Considering Blue Ocean Leadership to Identify and Solve the New Talent Crisis http://bit.ly/2kDLt1r #hoteltalent
This is nonsense. An individual can’t come along and change the decision of a whole complaints division because the public don’t like the result.
And who decides who super rich? You, some natural born lying, anti American, tax cheat who also commit incest and immigration fraud? After Nancy gave us an update of Soros talking points where the UN will control every country I think most wantvthirr money and their guns.
What with fighting off #aliens, #zombies, diseases, and villainy, the post-apocalyptic world often requires post-apocalyptic jumpsuits. If you're planning on fighting off ﹡anything﹡ this #Halloween, you may want to take a look at this pattern. http://bit.ly/30v28mK
Ever since I made the augma sub my average quality of life degraded rapidly
Their long term aim is to destroy the EU, hence the nonsensical if persistent use of WWII war tropes to denigrate the European Project. Basically its a classic case of imperial divide and rule to facilitate a 4th Reich ruled from the City of London.
Like, seriously. Do you think that any time someone threatens me I screenshot& save it? Why would I want to hold onto such toxicity? It is hypocritcal that you jump to defend someone with the same views as you, but yet when it happens to someone else you act dismissive. Gross.
With all the talk and attention on #Impeachment  might consider pleading guilty to stealing his donors money like #Collins did.
When will you learn? This is not about winning. The presidency was never about winning. America was never about winning. America is about protecting its rights, which you, Don, never did during your presidency. Wise up or shut up!
Ike is waiting for Lolu outside the arena he’s gonna beat him up Fuck the carnival my nigga #BBNaija
Domestic Violence Is The Most Common Killer Of Women Around The World https://www.huffpost.com/entry/domestic-violence-most-common-killer-of-women-united-nations_n_5bfbf61ee4b0eb6d931142ac …
If there is one senior citizen in Canada who doesn’t have to worry about his retirement, it’s . Buddy, retire, give another PEI Liberal a chance at the trough!
I went through 12 different emotions in the last hour...I need to get my shit together
Listening to Superstar really stresses me out because I always think of Taylor when I hear the lyrics but it’s Taylor singing it so she’s just singing to me about how she’ll never see she sings me to sleep every night from the radio
hyuk: yo, n hyung hogbin, the smart one: WRONG LETTER, THAT'S Q FROM THE BOYZ
My father... hard to say. Things got pretty rocky with him after his company filed for bankruptcy. I'm uncertain if we were a "rich" family in my youth, but we were not wanting for anything either. So when that life stopped, my family got divided in every sense of the word.-
We should be seeing the trump/putin phone call transcripts soon enough and that'll be more proof of how goddamn blind and stupid MAGAts are being right now.
I’m just waiting for all the content to come out so I can ugly cry tears of joy at school bc I’m here all night #BieberWedding
My friend asked for my playlists cus she knows what boppin but she didn’t have Spotify. What does homegirl do? Copies all the songs and creates an Apple Music playlist instead. I fuck with that
Is someone worried about what State Dept and the storm that’s been brewing is heading.
"The meeting turned out to be more of a pretext for the Obama admin to pressure Ukraine’s prosecutors to drop an investigation into Burisma gas co that employed Hunter and to look for new evidence in a then-dormant criminal case against Paul Manafort" https://thehill.com/opinion/campaign/462658-lets-get-real-democrats-were-first-to-enlist-ukraine-in-us-elections …
The insatiable show is back and I’m guilty for liking it
It is with incredible sadness that we have to report that the legendary soprano Jessye Norman has died. https://bit.ly/2nWJ8A2
My latest article "The 9/11 2001 event could not be stopped: footage of the attack was seen in the early 1970's by Project Pegasus (DARPA)." on http://ercanates.com #September11th....
Nikkas will post their girl on social media just to leave the house right after, and go cheat.
Hello, Say goodbye to #essay #paper #assignment #homework anxieties by availing the impeccable academic writing services. Dm us
Nah, it's more like the lottery tickets sitch!! You'll get disappointed but you'll get back in line
MUNIR AKRAM who was accused of beating his girlfriend in N.Y. in 2003 has been appointed as Pakistan's envoy to the U.N. After the incident, Pakistan was asked withdraw Munir Akram's diplomatic status so that he could be charged with third degree assault. ( Copy from RT )
I think it's a little odd that the criticism for Peter and MJ's relationship is that it wasn't like other superheroes, since I thought the entire point of Spider-Man was that he didn't do things like other heroes.
Bruh I literally got a letter in the mail telling me I couldn’t miss class no more or they’d expel me And of course I read the letter on a day I didn’t go to school
Idk if it’s just me but I can’t watch power during the day
damn tiktok's people is really dumb and the beat was made by  is a disrespect because he acting like he make the beat
I mean if you really think about it, if all the people that want to vote NDP but are too scared they won't win so are voting Liberal actually voted NDP, the NDP would probably win. Seems pretty simple to me, but you political geniuses always wanna overcomplicate shit.
Again, there is no House wide vote required to investigate potentially impeachable offenses. The claim that there is is literally made up.
Don’t be the nigga/shorty that don’t got shit going on with their life or with no job but some how be smoking 24/7. Don’t be a bum pls, you make weed look bad
 Hey! I absolutely love your UGC hats. I have an idea for you now that you guys can make hair. As you can see I want to wear the Downtown Denizen Fedora w/ my hair, but it clips and looks bad. Could you make a hair that works with it?
Man!!! Everytime I hit a 150 or so I get kicked off. I guess they dont like people who can articulate ideas that are feasible, or contrary to the HATE TRUMP NARRATIVE.
I am a dark chocolate kind of guy. I swear Euro milk chocolate is the US dark chocolate.
This is what playing on emotions and fear of the public and it’s sickening. This story turned out to be a hoax and yet she has not deleted her tweet or apologized to the two accused white boys. #goofsquad
He has that vapid, beaten down, low iq, mouth breathing look that seems to be consistenty plastered on the faces of all modern liberals.
Thank you  for your support & being a voice to 8M #Kashmiris Its day 58 of the communications blockade. 13k kids have been detained and tortured. Women & men are being assaulted. More power to you for standing with humanity and justice.
No these people convince themselves that they can pay themselves excessively and that actually benefits the poor and vulnerable ....
#Thread What a shame, so Nigeria has gotten to a stage where  /FSARS will accost you on the way just because you are a Nigerian, harass you, collect your phone, your wallet, and your bag, check your wallet and take any cash found inside,
 Ask a biased question...get a biased answer. Q: “to reduce the risk of an outbreak a bill has been proposed…Do you favor/oppose this bill?” MarketResearch101: never use leading, loaded, double barreled questions.  should know better https://tinyurl.com/UCBdata
Miss Piggy and Kermit the Frog visit the set of The Empire Strikes Back
I'm fucking dead that's exactly how the motion went #livingontheedge #wegavenofucks
Seriously the most annoying thing is how Harden is the only guy to get away with it. Drives me insane.
Is this about the police who was killed by *"friendly" fire* this weekend?
How freaky are these “tales” if it took you 53 years to shoot the club up?
for the record i dont care if ppl do things in advance or really want to make rly good pieces but i just feel like.....if something is causing you that much anxiety that you have to prep so much? if you feel like you let yourself down at the end of it? maybe not so fun
Like a whirlpool in a toilet , Trump will go down and take all the waste with him. Anyone in his orbit is going down.
the problem is you just go straight to injured bypassing the soreness ...
Remember when we were on vacation in Florida and there were bugs and you cried in the back of the car and your mom was screaming at you
#ImpeachmentIsComing Barr, Pompeo, & Trump have no healthcare plan, no gun control plan, no plan to save the farms their tariffs bankrupted, no plan to relieve student loan debt or climate change: they've been investigating their political enemies & exonerating Putin.
Hmm. In the sciences, your funding is completely tied to your adviser, and they have every right to drop students without notice if they so choose. (I’ve heard of MIT profs firing their whole lab)
I couldn’t even make an eyes contact with him since im too shy. I even got to touch his hairㅠㅠ I’m so jealous of me in the dream
So excited because I finally grabbed tickets to see a live Rocky Horror Picture Show for the first time on Halloween Night after talking about going for over a decade. You have no clue the excite level you guys.
#MinorityReport in China. Philip K. Dick predicted this in the 50's. #FacialRecognition
You do realize the next games wont have a natdex either if gamefreak isnt clearly facing backlash, right?
People swear they be kissing ass and begging for people to be in there life but in all actuality they be the ones sitting there big mad wanting you to do the same shit for them.
This president is a idiot. 40 years of getting away with being a criminal. He has a problem with reality and apparently so do some of the rest of you. The truth is usually hard to accept when your sense of reality is warped.
Stuck at SFO for the 3rd time within a week? No, not okay....
#NothingBurger based on hearsay and opinions of people too stupid to read a transcript and a treaty signed by.....wait for it snowflake.........Bill Clinton. Hey, did you know Hunter Biden was discharged from the Naval Reserve for doing cocaine? OTHER SHOE COMING
FAKE news! In the Bhagat Singh trial, there were three lawyers who represented the British and argued in favor of Bhagat Singh's death sentence! NOT ONE of those lawyers was Indian! All of them were British! So, who is this "Hindu lawyer"? I challenge you to name him!
has anyone got a link to websites with tv series on? i cant find this specific show on anything other than two websites and one it’s fucked up the episodes and the other just doesn’t search for shows anymore
I can’t stand the damn faded part of the hair that dudes with locs have. Shit pisses me off lol
I was going to play Rage 2 on stream today because of new DLC but the game doesn’t work for me smh so Minecraft Monday today see you at 8:30 EST https://twitch.tv/elgamingsage
When Giuliani was a DA in nyc dismantling the old mob structure he didn't go after the Russian mafia. In fact, later he would be doing business with them. Robert I. Friedman laid out their network and warned us all in #RedMafiya before his young death at 51 (due to heart issues)
i’m gonna carve a pumpkin wear black lipstick and call shit spooky and watch horror movies from the 80’s so they don’t scare me as bad fuck y’all you can be against me here i don’t give a SHIT
Vote for the next Mr and Miss Black. Must be logged in with a WIU email. https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSc4YagBCjxo_nxdXDiJNIh26uSyN-Ucse018tOxNTzkwhSHDQ/viewform?usp=sf_link …
Don’t do that. You gonna try to name the worst defender in the equation like Ben Simmons, Jimmy Butler, Giannis, Iggy, Draymond, Klay Thompson weren’t all guys thrown at him. When Jordan was ACTUALLY being guarded by Jeff Hornacek and Dan Majerle..
all the subpoenas are coming from the Dems...Republicans, so far, have been all bark and no bite....permanently on defense, no offense on sidelines....too many RINOs....criminals walking free will continue criminal behavior...
Because of the glazers lack of investment even the stadium roof leaks #Glazersout
Your criticising me like you don’t drool over mandem in Stratford who’ve been wearing the same trackies for a month
Of course we are, but we shouldn't. These are campaign expenses. And the trips are totally illegal, aren't they? We need to see itemized expenses. And  needs to pay us back. Pronto.       #ImpeachNow
Will catch up with media day when I get home in a bit, but annoyed that Windhorst kept saying we were the number 2 seed the last two years in the preview podcast. #ripcity
I couldn’t tell if it was serious or not which is why I phrased it in the form of a question. I have noticed a growing nostalgia for that stuff lately and I find it troubling. But I don’t know what angle they were approaching it from. I have a more complete picture now.
A 12 year old girl clearly knew about the consequences of false racism case. Also, grounding is for lying not for false accusation of racism which could have ruined lives of those boys and there is something called as juvenile punishment.
Well, :-( for him, probably not for the US. Not principled enough to follow the corruption of tRump. We need an anti-tRump.
I think the entire “intelligence community” in the government employ needs to be fired! Btw ... “intelligence community” is sooo oxymoronic
The form changed but the law didn’t. No where in the law does it state that ONLY firsthand accounts will be considered. Only the form said that, which is why it was updated to correctly reflect the actual law on the books.
The Founders. He’s the exemplar of what they feared. For me, it’s not an ideological issue. God knows, I disagree with Pence just as much. It’s a matter of ethics and fitness for office.
The late William T. Kelley, who taught Trump at the University of Pennsylvania, said, “Donald Trump was the dumbest goddamn student I ever had.” https://www.chicagotribune.com/columns/steve-chapman/ct-perspec-chapman-donald-trump-dumb-20171103-story.html …
The Prophetic Voice of Hong Kong’s Protesters https://www.christianitytoday.com/news/2019/september/prophetic-voice-of-hong-kongs-protesters.html?visit_source=twitter …
I'm a trained criminologist until someone asks me why (fill in the blank) committed a conventional crime.
WAtching the NFL this weekend all I heard was ozzy, GNR, zeppelin, and ac/dc. No jlo in between downtime to pump the crowd up.
I have been misinformed? This is David Lammy he is one of the most pro EU mps in Parliment. I cant find the full episode of The Daily Politics as it was aired last year. He ripped in to the EU in the context of how they treat Africa. But it is me who has been misinformed
If  runs again, that will literally be the death of the #DemocraticParty forever. Just saying it now.
This is all news girley. Trump said it himself May 24th right in front of the White House on the lawn. Come on man this is bad reporting.
Let the man put a string of bad games together before we decide on his money that’s all I’m saying...
I take what Charlie tweets and run it through the internet and I can verify everything that he posts. He gets things directly from other media sources all the time so I’m not sure what is actually “debunked”.
Sorry about the coffee... but your toes r beautiful.. as you are
The multibillion-dollar solar photovoltaic industry has roots in an unexpected place. More than 40 years ago, oil companies invested in solar research and development that have proved critical. https://n.pr/2oN8noV
sometimes i can vibe with it but like 80% of the time i just get annoyed
I'm watching Fringe 3x22 "The Day We Died"  #Fringe #trakt
Nah he’s the only person you’ll ever get so I don’t feel bad
So last winter as part of their asinine attempt to contend this year, the #Reds traded for Alex Wood, Yasiel Puig and the corpse of Matt Kemp from the Dodgers for Jeter Downs and Josiah Gray. Gray had a massive breakout this year and I just saw Downs made a big leap too.
  AG Barr, the IG and US Attorney John Durham should turn over EVERY STONE to EXPOSE Democrat/Deep State corruption, the origins of the Russia Hoax and  extortion of Ukraine!!!
From them taking out bombers it changed the spawns of the outside terrorists
Nah, he woke up and is now fighting for the right side
I’m not letting people stay with me. I’m not letting people leech off me. I’m not giving you a ride. I’m not picking you up from the airport. I’m not cooking for you even if you can’t swipe in the cafe ask a freshman. I really don’t care no more.
Funny thing is you are the CPC devil talking in my other ear. But without objective voice, I would be stuck into an echo chamber. I still disagree with your shit lol. But you are my means and hopefully I am yours.
Have you watched the news in the last fucking 4 years or ever read a fucking history book on american domestic terrorism? Why do you fucking think MJK got shot dead? What kind of drugs are you fucking on? You're not gaslighting anybody here buddy.
The only bad thing about the town is the TINY railway station. Not even a decent cafe to pop in to for a coffee, while waiting for the train. But I think a lot of the visitors come in by coach, or self-drive. We always see local coach companies here in Staffs offering holidays.
What we're "in (grave) danger of" is terminal stupidity, from the runaway fantasies of couch potato idlers who think they're Clint Eastwood, & the dipso-delusions of craven opportunists who think they're Paul Revere (when they're really the south end of his north-bound horse).
my mom making my problems about her is the most mom shit ever. im trans? oh poor mom she has to learn a whole new person :(((( im depressed? oh poor mom she has to actually pay attention to me :((( i dont have clothes? oh poor mom she has to spend money on me :((((
Aren't we a bit hypocrites? We discriminate native Somalis in their own land on the basis of "clan" and yet condemn others doing the same thing on the basis of skin color.!
Ever hit a pothole so hard you want to punch every city council member in the throat as hard as you can? Because same
On the contrary, I hate how elite db’s don’t get stats... because they don’t get thrown at. There should be a stat for not gettin tested.
So the fact that she took advantage of people didn’t make you think twice, just that she had no ambition.
thought about it, the stockroom items would fill this no problem and cant go wrong with 45$
Man stop this chat n that, ima leave you merked, ask fifty If I grabbed the strap, finna make you disperse
Back at home... ❝ . . . ❞ Searching for the boxes. ... Found them. He's staring at them. ❝ . . . ❞ His paws clenching the boxes hard, he threw them at a wall. Whatever was in the boxes, it's not broken. ❝ ... I'm, so stupid to think he... ❞
the last CEO rant I saw in their catalog was all about how China is cheating us Proud American Patriots with 5G and also 5G may give you diseases, and this is the least offensive thing they've written yet.
If you are married and earn more than $42k a year combined, you get no benefits despite his major disability. I don’t think the system should be trimmed, but changed. The issue is, if the lazy poor net $3k a month in benefits, why do 50% of US workers make $15 hr or less?
Keep going! More articles of impeachment the more you try and intimidate.
All 3 of our's are sick. It's that time of the year and it's THEE WORST! Praying she feels better soon!
His legs are gone—his only hope when he’s on the ice is to try not to allow the other team to score—try to not be so hard on him—he’s fully aware that his big contract is only reason he’s still here—and he knows he’s no longer an NHL caliber player—
 I saw you accuse a reporter of adding the word, "though" to what  said to Zelensky when he said he wanted to buy Javelin missiles, as in "I want you to do me a favor, though." It's in the transcript released by Trump. You either lied or can't read!
 Hi Warren. I've observed that the Liberal Party of Canada has been decaying ever since its first being defeated by Brian Mulroney in 1984. 1. Pierre Trudeau undermined 'wonder boy' John Turner through last-minute Senate appointments. ...
A reminder about the guy you’re rooting for in your fantasy league tonight    Joe Mixon Assault Surveillance Video https://youtu.be/G5wIj7LbslY via
BREAKING: Black Girl Who Said White Classmates Cut Her Dreadlocks Admits That She Fabricated The Entire Story https://www.cbsnews.com/news/girl-dreadlocks-lied-classmates-boy-virginia-hairstyle-hoax/ …
You are not allowed to move a vehicle or shoot a gun in Warhammer without making the sound effects. #MakeABoardGameBetterWith1Rule
We are fighting the deep state. Nobody said it will be easy. This enemy hides amongst us and is evil. They want us to give up. Don’t let the media or these jackals get to u. Buckle up the chin strap. Our role is information warfare and this war is far from over. We need u Rich.
Trump's Inauguration And The Government's Warring Factions by Ryan Cristián is starting now! Listen live here:  or fromhttp://www.wkup.live
Brennan is a Red Flag of mental instability. He is a danger n a threat. If he’s reflective of the  WeThePeople are in trouble.
the werewolf found herself eyeing the petite witch from head at her fiery red locks to tippy toe in the most intense manner. she never gave much care in observing someone who meant so little to her ─ let alone a complete bloody stranger. But those eyes. those ─
When you stop your resentment against the establishment and our Queen you have no respect for us or our laws.
Did somebody ask if I wanted somebody to be bad, or did somebody ask if that was the last time somebody was in a Raiders uniform and I said I hope so? And if you know that's your rep, shouldn't you lNOT do what has gotten you suspended before? Helmet to helmet been illegal.
My eyes keep drying out (? Or getting irritated to the point of burning/being unable to keep them open for long) at work and that’s uh Bad
Those Melo nuggets teams were loaded but the west was too tough.
ebay (vintage, i believe but i’m not sure. the seller thrifted it at goodwill)
4 ft of snow in MT and 85F in Madison today. Only a fool ignores the obvious.
I hate stupid retards like this the point of being a fan is to say shit like that. You’re saying that it’s ok to be the absolute worst person at your job? You are a scrub and I hate you. *puts my potato chips down*
If. Well, in the beginning of the cosmos, there was no matter at all. The universe was too hot to allow matter to exist, so there was nothing but energy. Too bad for your god, then. #sorrynotsorry
i was gonna say something along the lines of dont go back and i know im a smartass but im not even going to. yall dont listen to us on this.
I'm guessing as third in line of succession, she couldn't appear too eager to impeach or the treasonweasels would have spun it as purely partisan.
Melting ice in water does not increase the water level
hell yeah im 6 hours away from there. what are the dates?
Sadly, the bigots don’t give a damn that this country’s actions have created the mass human migration.
“Probably because of the dork Ash spoiling our every plan”
I like being the little spoon when my wife cuddle me it feels dope I be uncomfortable sometimes when I gotta always be in the dick between the cheeks position
It must be nice to be so divorced from facts as to deny facts that are well-documented. But isn’t that the only way anyone could think a treasonous, lecherous grifter is actually worthy of being President, let alone being a “conservative”? Unless you are just a Russian bot.
So maybe you should step away from your playlist & save yourself the torture!
I STG EVERY MONTH I SCREAM ON THE TL ABOUT HOW ATEEZ IS ON STAN TWT BUT THEY LITERALLY ARE AND IT /SCARES/ ME OKAY I'M SORRY BUT I'M SCARED
If the mfer ain’t cheating, goes to work, and actually respect you for you what more can ask for?
Day Thirty! Seems appropriate to end with a horse, don't you think? . This is Brace Yaselfsheila, an OTTB LongRun grad, nicknamed "The Warrior Mare." She's been retired due to injury, but was a gritty and sassy…
I just seen that this girl lied about being attacked. The white boys did nothing. So you are right, it is about race.
listening to epilogue: young forever and thinking about how they thought that was the high point in their careers. and look at them now i'm so sad
holy shit i'm playing Darkest Dungeon and my Grave Robber just crit for 33 when the rest of my party struggles to break double digits
I totally didn't expect the Playstation Boss at Sony To Leave
Check these sites with your real names to see what pops up. You can request to be removed from their listings, but it can be difficult to find the instructions on how to do it. And no guarantee you won;t end up back on the list. Because it is all public info they use.
If they didn't then they are not rebels and the public would know exactly who caused no deal.
I'm not 22 anymore.. It's not like you're gonna stay on the phone with me until I feel alright enough to go to bed..
damn you're literally getting chumped repeatedly on the same point and completely unable to respond. you're not ready for the big posting leagues kid. see you in 100 years
Low fan toss was buffed too. It does more damage than it used to and now more than the normal amp fan toss and does combo with b231. The amp low fan used to whiff on that string.
Even this very restricted type of translation may however very well known as the signal.
But how many will be injured or killed in the meantime?
| 4, 2 BLOCK! Duggan and Campbell combine on the stuff. Cougars ahead early in set three. #comeCus
Someone wake the algos three weeks from now when negative revenue is printed. $TSLA $TSLAQ
Nahhh the girls around me are top notch and are not and would not be part of the pack that would see pepper or are seeing pepper and be disgraced as we do not support rubbish. Esteem comes from how you were raised and the women that raised you. So we are bam
These red flag laws lack due process and are open to abuse. If people want them, there should be a provision which would punish an accuser and reimburse all legal costs if the accused is found innocent.
We should make certain deadlines for memes to die like the Area 51 raid, memes would last a lot longer.
Consider adding googly eyes Or subtly hiding a small dinosaur somewhere in the photo
—but if you’re gonna make shit up as you go after devouring the main story then idk if that will work! The show was going on a reasonable base for the first couple of episodes say even until the last two episodes that when it decided to go at a rocket speed leaving us stunned—
not me trying to take last minute hh pics but like the lighting is shit now so uh
The Criminals are running the White House, the DOJ, and the State Department. Is there anyone left to drive the criminals out and enforce the law?
So many people I'd like to practice right hooks on and this guy is definitely one of them! Unfortunately, all the bad guys around Trump look like one punch kills so I will abstain!
I say to everyone: no bad mouthin’ The Blue. Pick your person, work for them, donate, whatever you want, but keep negativity to yourself until we’re in the real fight in 2020.
Again. Don’t disagree with you. But at the end of the day, if there are 300 people at your front door today and you can only house 5, what do you do? That’s what I hear all the time. It’s a crappy situation and there is plenty of blame to go around.
Fuck all. I live in a dead end town without the means of moving for another ..8?? months minimum.
I’ve said the same, repeatedly, over the last few years. I’ve been around for a while and seen many politicians come ang go, but I have never experienced the constant disgust and rage elicited by the corrupt behaviors and torrent of lies isuuing from the WH.
“You were born with 2 strikes in this world. You black & you’re a man”. The truth behind that statement still stands to this day. yes women are majorly disrespected in our community but just like there are the terrible baby dads and aint shxt boyfriends its the same on there side
Apparently #45 overstepped the authority that Moscow Mitch gave him, and now Mitch is going to let him get bit! But we know #45 is still a stupid puppet and Mitch won’t let him go completely down for this!
Twitter has the funniest shit bro I get on this bitch just to cry
3. While Clinton did lie in a deposition, it hurt him, his wife, his family, and ML. Trump's actions hurt National Security, our relationships with other countries, and the trust we have in checks and balance. It really is Apples and Potatoes.
This past week made me miss the 2004-2005 era of my life where I was p much always going to a show...
Damn I wanted to be the first mixer streamer welp I'll be the the second one I guess
Someone show Capitol Hill the VIDEO!! Wouldn't that answer a lot of questions and put a stop to this on going BULLSHIT in Washington DC!!
I felt his hand on my shoulder “The masjid door child.. the masjid door” so frail but his eyes were bright and of mixed colors.. he was blind and It stuck with me for life
“ When’d you loss it? I haven’t seen it. “ He stated, a soft sigh escaping him. “ Demon life in Hyrule is unpleasant. Granted the demon realm isn’t that forgiving either. “
They have always gotten away with it for decades. What is so stupid is how their base is fueled by hatred which came from the dems and msm feeding them garbage.
Mitigating risk and assessing challenges is one thing. But to lead with negativity and doubt is unacceptable and not welcome. Fear of rejection or failure come with the Territory of business. If it's too hot get out the kitchen.
 where is your proof of all of the things you are spewing which are actually conspiracy theories? And do us a favor keep on talking, because the more you talk it seems you say or do more impeachable things, so keep up. #ImpeachTrump
No one is confused. The president committed an impeachable offense. What you did doesn't mean anything.
I got into an accident before I even got my license, but they still gave me one and had the nerve to say it was suspended before it was issued.
Only ungrateful people complain about the smallest issues. #ALDUBxADNRespectOurElders
still pissed at how my cousins grandfather from my mom’s side, yeah well he passed yesterday, and someone who was in the hospital fukcing live streamed it like when my uncle passed back in 2017, my aunt on my mom’s side fukcing facebook live streamed that shit. like that shit-
tonight is gonna be the first time in months that im going to get drunk
these attempts to rebrand mass cultural objects as socialist in the most elementary way possible in order to get the kids more interested are really insulting and sad
Usually a 10% loss in a day would make me stop trading for at least half the day (depending on what time it occurs). Sometimes I take multiple days off if the trading day was just horrid. for example, you can see a 6% drop, no real change then a 6% increase a few days later.
If you're a member of #Anfifa please unfollow me, you're fake as fuck and attack innocents. You stand for facism, not against it. You're a coward and promote the violence of innocence. Correct yourself. Anyone who disagrees please DM me. I will GLADLY give you my address!
If the college/game was in Oakland would you just cancel class?
Empire is done so it doesn't matter what its ratings are, but with the expected drop off from where it is now, it might potentially end up right on the line for cancellation if it already wasn't done. I'm predicting it to end around 0.6
This new patch which just released has somehow ruined wat was good about this game..decent passing..rebound goals worse thn ever and player switching has become a joke...don’t forget the delay..worse..
How about a little sci-if-intrigue-adventure scripting: like the people who are destroying the environment for money think they'll escape to a moon mansion to wait out WW3, then return when the fallout clears to take over the Earth for themselves. And of course, their plans fail.
Yeah one of the most efficient tricks has been to put such a vague definition on middle class and such shame on being poor that every American living under the poverty line in a trailer paycheck to paycheck will tell you « I’m middle class I got a fridge a phone and a TV »
You evidently don’t understand Star Wars then. The Rebellion forces are exactly like Trump’s family. They are fighting the corruption in Congress just like the Rebellion was fighting the Darkside. You are not much of a real fan. I understood this back in 1977
GAD is horrible as you are just anxious about everything, good or bad. And the heart palpitations are the worst. Big hugs xx
I feel so broken but okay at the same time. It's weird
I will tell anyone who misrepresents or misinterprets fact when they are wrong. To say that Trump's comment was a call for a literal civil war is the act of someone who is either illiterate or being purposefully inciting. Both of which could lead to people being hurt.
They need to bite the bullet and get rid of heyward, cubs have more money than god let’s stop acting like they’d go broke to trade him and pick up 75% of this remaining contract
he can be fine and still have a reign planned. he can be comfortable while his fans are excited about the concept. who the fuck is gonna be more excited about their fav saying 'yeah i don't mind not being champion' . dont put someone going thru stupid bitch hours on my tl
People like this make me fucking sick. This ghetto , dumb ass bitch have the nerve to smoke around a new born baby and then handle him or her like a ball or some shit , omg people don’t deserve this angels
My entire life I’ve never been rewarded for having a last name that started with an “A.” If no one volunteered in grade school for anything, the teacher would always select me. I thought this would change today when I heard ncaa checks were in mailboxes.... I was wrong.
For fucks sake . You need to get the hell out of dodge. Come do a show in Dallas and then we'll backroad through Texas. At small town Tejas gas stations they sell Mexican meat pies. Mexican meat pies Art. I know you saw this.
The devil has his hands in every divide. Look how unbiblical the Catholic church was and is. That lead to the divide so yes the devil had his imprint on the reformation
Did I say it's a Yoruba cartoon? No. I merely said she should not be dressed like that if she's supposed to a Yoruba princess but you took it the wrong way. If they want an hybrid princess, they should create an hybrid country like they did in black panther.
(specifically if there's any difference in the global headers the entire second segment can decode wrong, and if there are cross-keyframe references ["open GOP"] after the keyframe you can get some jumping at the splice point)
我擦垃圾桶成精了。。。这要是半夜看到不怕吓到人么。。"At least the self-driving trash can provides a new go-to insult GIF"
Disgusting. And you both call yourselves journalists? The more you disrespect Boris the more we rally around him. Simple
I LITERALLY HATE THIS SO MUCH !!!! like .. so much for the “skip what you don’t know and review it later” test strategy i’ve literally been taught my whole life ...
Got my natural puff back!!! The weave was cool but it’s nothing like having your own hair
I have been informed that the team that gets professionally dunked on by the Globetrotters are actually the Washington Generals, not the Nationals. Please mentally update my previous tweet accordingly.
Dear prof, I no longer want to teach children please give me an a in this class despite the fact I literally do not want to do the busy work you’re assigning and also hate children
Here's the thing. Comparing the Clinton Impeachment to the Trump Inquiry is Apples and Oranges. 1. Difference between lying about the definition of what is Sex and asking a foreign nation on "dirt" on a political rival by withholding appropriated aid.
Trump should remember that juries have the power to nullify unjust laws.
What's gusty about  getting handouts from mom and dad and the stolen money from the Haitian Relief Fund? #ClintonCrimeFamily
the more they attack minorities the more RSS Hindutva terrorists get exposed. One thing Imran khan did best in his life is to expose the RSS terrorism to the world. Now everyone know who the RSS goons are and how they spread the hatred in India & incite the communal violence.
He Jimmy, I heard you on the radio again! You were yanking Uncle’s chain about Baker again! He was all fired up!
& he was just gone let the dog go anywhere on the bus trynna get on my seat & shit now what if i was allergic
also its been happening for a few months, two of the top rated reviews on it are below three stars and have been extremely critical of the film and filmbros are mad lmao
“ FU? OH, WHAT A BIG MISTAKE THAT YOU MADE, DEAR. 𝙋𝙐𝙉𝙄𝙎𝙃𝙈𝙀𝙉𝙏 𝙈𝙐𝙎𝙏 𝘾𝙊𝙈𝙀 𝙔𝙊𝙐𝙍 𝙒𝘼𝙔. ” GRACEFUL, SHE WAS. JUMPING DOWN FROM A BRANCH TO LITERALLY KICK HIM IN THE NECK. FOOLISH MAN.
How many members of the the British public does he know, not counting his butler, cook, chauffeur, nanny and gardener? He would recoil in horror if he had to actually talk to a member of the working classes.
Well it's the STAR.. ..wouldn't really call it a credible source . No validity there..Don't know anyone that reads that rag. Along with other newspapers their loosing their shorts..should be out of biz soon.
It was the long gun registry (rifles and shotguns) that was abolished. Handguns are still registered and acquiring and ownership is controlled and monitored
Whoops! The Truth is about to SMACK You ..Wait for it... The MOAB is about to Drop and  is over the Target. [THEY] took the Bait.. Tic Toc  PANIC in DC!
I wonder if Conservatives are going to freak out about proportional representation of they lose the election even if they get they popular vote.
Catching a young brother decked out in Jordans & a fitted playing the hell out of the piano in Union Station made my day. #LosAngeles
so wait does all the treason mean this whole #CivilWarSignup potluck is postponed because my tuna surprise is gonna spoil....?
That’s one of the worst takes I’ve ever seen, habs fans are certainly something else
So... I kinda clicked on the leaked song but immediately closed it after 10 secs coz I got anxious suddenly and I dont wanna spoil Baek's parts and the whole song itself. I'll just it myself on the release date.
I am not meditating! May be slow to anger, then watch out! But I am not slow on the uptake- knew what kind of ass he was before he became 45!
Does anyone have info on the strange structure being built in Southern Arizona...along the flight line to San Diego? Looks like those but only one and massive can't miss watch the starboard wing flying in San Diego. Weird stuff going on in that region.
This is a set up!Dirty politics. Shows the criminality     This person is a disgrace for this setup
WHO MADE DIS LIST?!?! I WOULD AT LEAST JUST SAY POCAHONTAS SEQUEL BUT WHAT IN THE DAMN
Are you for real? Most of the so called proof russia interfered is from foreign govs cooperating no differently with our intel agencies. Where is your brain?
It is inaccurate to put fair & unbiased in the same galaxy as Bill Barr. You’re all criminals either outright or aiding & abetting. We know. The gig is up. Start acting right.
Very relatable, I do this all the time, I literally wait for everyone to leave the house so I could raise the volume and dance by myself
景気良くないのに物価だけ高くなってイヤになりますね…I don't feel good the prices rise despite the economy is no good.(´×ω×`)
I wonder if EA regrets the game changer program too
I know coming really really soon!!!! I’m tryna stay down for the come up. I do want to take a trip w y’all bad though!
But the woman sha o What she ordered at the restaurant was fucking mad
David!!!! Stop that! By the tweets I’m getting that’s what they read in my tweet.
When Barr and Pompoe went looking for dirt FROM OUR ALLIES on our own Intel community phones started to ring. The dam has broken.
The Trump White House just sacrificed Mike Pompeo in the whistleblower scandal https://www.palmerreport.com/analysis/mike-pompeo-sacrificed-whistleblower-donald-trump/21338 … via
bro i feel you 110%, we don’t have amazon go here but most supermarkets do mediocre sandwiches ‘meal deals’, and i swear i eat them too often especially after the gym i get a weird craving for them
Ooh because I dont spend my day saying people should apologize for wanting the worst president in history out of office I shouldn't say anything to people that do? She spends an awful lot of time saying I was right you were wrong! Look at me! Give me a break!
No I think her point is valid . Her feelings and experiences are valid. Struggle is subjective. Obviously someone is going to weigh their experiences heavier than others because they went through those experiences and hold the scars from it. I think it’s important for us as an -
He might think about lowering his shoulder and making a DB pay the price
Whats the penalty for TREASON? Loss of property? Nope... Guillotine? Nope... Life? Nope... Firing squad BINGO!
ILLEGAL ALIENS are criminals, nothing hateful about that, it's just the TRUTH!!
Yes, but debate is driven in part by idea low income people tend to end up on the pension anyway so that’s the debate really
“ Ngh!!! F-fine!!! S-stop it!!!! ” Said the all bloody Flygon full of scars and bruises
About to leave for the gym. Tonight is chest, triceps and cardio.
these big and bust up bitches be talking the most shiiiiitttttt bruh
You’re a lying devil, Scaramucci and America is has about had enough of you. Your wife was right to leave your scummy ass in the dirt!!! Get Out of our sight, you filthy b*stard!!! We don’t give a damned who you support, but we’re sick to death of hearing you bitch and whine!
TEA!! at the end of the day it's us who's crying over our empty bank accounts
I can't be assed to change the typo.. I'm too drunk for this
everyone after me tweeting i’m horny or sad for the 6th time today
I'm nor saying I'm ugly but if I ever took part in Take Me Out Indonesia, PLN would immediately turn off the whole single ladies' light the second I stepped my ass on stage
*BIGASS dudes crushing me trynna get through the crowd at rolling loud* me:
Actually what am I saying this is the land of the literal speculative money pit (mining). I am not amazed.
You speak some truth about what people really want, sorry for being a but of an ass in the callout reply and thank you for being more level headed than I was. It's just really difficult for a layman to understand economic policy to the point that they even know who to vote for rn
Anti is the longest-charting album by a black woman of all time
just once i want someone to fight for me, to think "oh shit i could really lose her" but it seems like im always doing thefighting. i guess thats my problem, people think im always going to be there bc when they leave i dont shut the door on thier way out.
Hey Donnie. Have you seen the polls. Americans don’t want to wait for a trial. They want to impeach you now. I can hear the footfalls as the rats abandon the ship
that one dude on ig “i respect the gay community but it aint me ” bruh ok
idk. i feel like i keep trying to shove myself into places that i don't belong. like i just feel so damn uncomfortable all the fucking time and it's not normal
From Obama to “The Audacity of (this) Dope.” The presidency has degenerated to utter farce.
Misleading Fake News Title! The truth! Online retail is replacing traditional stores...
I’m really scared by the number of birds that have hit my window this afternoon
I can see this, of course we'll be in a Civil Wars according to the President of the Confederate. So I'll just lock myself inside my house and order things from online like I already do today...
Evil Under The Ice https://www.creativespirits.net/evil-under-the-ice/ …
u have to get it retouched bc the new hair grows normally but I usually only get it retouched every 4-7 months and it doesn’t damage ur hair a lot
Omfg yessss and Akutagawa is FURIOUS so the next time he sees Dazai he goes fucking ballistic, doesn't hold back one bit as he grabs the man with Rashoumon and slams him against the nearest surface, tears all his clothes off and fucks him hard and rough into the dirt.
don’t worry one time we were buying stuff for the girl scouts to donate to little kids with cancer and i suggested that we buy hair ties and i was like “wait...”
Can we just drop the "gate" nonsense? Watergate was the freakin' hotel.
the brownies you got with the spaghetti during lunch in highschool is unmatched.
#California is suffering today after fatal shooting. #POTUS, stop the bloodshed. #BackfireTrump
Them: doe bada come wid the foolishness *me coming with the foolishness*
Idk what coach banks feeding his boy, but the nigga is FAST.
Have you realized most of your unhappiness is due to the fact that you are listening to yourself instead of talking to yourself? #dmljones
Send that message b, if they leave you on open delete the conversation and take that L in private
The dam is about to crack. If the polls continue to show support for the impeachment inquiry they will fold and cut their losses with this president.
It's refreshing. One lash on. Wig lifting up in the front. No makeup. Not giving a single fuck. All yall can do is talk shit and she don't care
Aye,  - the huge highs? Help us,           #fascist #poverty #homelessness #death #ToriesOut #bbcaq #bbcqt #GTTO #BBCBias #DeathofDemocracy #prorogue #goebbels
Past generations have fought wars to keep the world from being ruled by collectivist thinking.
This is a remake of a British show on Netflix and I watched the first episode a few months back and it was TERRIBLE! But maybe the US version will be better.
 is that you ? Killing the #Conservatives and not even softly.
no criminal meets their accusers except in court and at the time of the crime, are you really this incredibly daft?
Lets be honest, its not gonna matter he WANTS to kill someone no matter what, should the situation arise... sadly he is the sort of idiot who then accidentally shoots his teen daughter when she sneaks back into the house after sneaking out for shenannigans...
How did he get to this point? $200 million in 1970s, inherited through illegal tax-avoidant transactions, lawyering his way out of bankruptcies and incompetence. God the media f-ck up the coverage on this one.
#outfront  just admitted that what  has done is not appropriate... That's all the words you need to say Rick.. you know this dude is unfit.. just get over it and admit he needs to go! Stop trying to drag this shit out!
So are we gonna get another clip every day and die a little all over again until the album release? That sounds like something Jensen would do. Cute little tease.
this jade face roller has been fixing all the problems in my life for a few months now.
What you buggin watch It til the end Shit got crazy.
Geez. All doom and gloom over here. What if it’s just like, hey man, you’re turn is over, time for someone else to have a go it. No big deal. Just let them have their turn, if it be the will of the people. Or the electoral college Whatever just gtfo
Also hung, drowned, or crushed to death (the crushing to death was with stones on a door though, not sure if you want to lump that in with stoning)
Man you’ve never broken open up a capsule of smelling salt to wake up? You haven’t lived! One of the worst hangover cures!
I’m the boy in red who doesn’t really know the words but is still with the shits
Welcome aboard...tell RedResistance trump is suffering from the last stages of a gonorrhoea infection... that’s why he is behaving so irrationally.
That won't happen :) I'll find something, renting season is over and slowed down just the last couple of days, less people looking and applying, I'm just being shrewd with my timing so I have negotiation wiggle room :)
Bro the fact that there’s a fucking train on this map is insane
How come y’all just can’t accept that niggas from Nashville aren’t the same as the white people from Nashville so we can definitely “start” lingo that might’ve spread through other cities... we lame but we ain’t that damn lame
I am a paid subscriber with access to all older articles. It’s not there, or in the link provided. It is highly suspect.
I DONT WANT TO WATCH IT! WILL WAIT TILL THE OFFICIAL RELEASE!!
oh im back at "i make suicidal tweets all the time but i hate smoking because it kills you" side of twitter
  Is banning people from their discord for simply asking them to not put the game on epic games. Literally check the discord yourself, I never harassed them, made a threat towards them, or did anything else to warrant that. I was excited for the game...
They're going to argue the definition of "though" until their dying breath.
This Fight is 10 years old and still one of the most shocking ever.. Ortiz dropped Maidana 3 times and was winning and got dropped Twice and Quit! Both eyes closed shut Brutal Slugfest Victor Ortiz vs Marcos Maidana https://youtu.be/RzNRItZ0c7c
Covering the seats like Hard Rock Stadium world have worked, but that wasn’t an option to retrofit. Full sun seating was not a great experience 3-4 months of the year.
I saw it more like Buffy was dating Spike for the wrong reasons. She wasn't romantically interested in Spike and was specifically dating him to make herself feel like a loose slut and keep her self-loathing at max volume.
...& to say whatever he pleases with no restraint whatsoever.He & all his supporters and the Dark Forces thst rule his mind & heart will continue to damage the rule of law & the institutions & this Democracy as we know it.He will cripple severely this Republic..Brace ourselves..
Sorry what I said is making you feel alone. I don't know how it does that. But sorry none the less. I'm not fighting with you. And I can't control what anyone else says or thinks. You prefer me not to share my thoughts on politics?
When you don't know how to feel or how to Express your pain. Cry to the Lord he fully understands your pain Worship him So many mix emotions! https://youtu.be/5nPMqTFa-tA
He is a monster. Standing next to his mother in a picture doesn't somehow take away all the discusting gas lighting, the mysogynistic behavior, the racism- his hateful horrible comments about SPITTING IN A BLACK WOMAN'S FACE, accusing the only black man of having been in prison..
Seriously if he gets any kind of immunity or nul pros agreement for himself or his kids I'm just gonna flip the fuck out. He has not acted in anything but bad faith even once, and i know the "let's just move on" crowd is out there waiting.
It is so much bad things happening in this world that the heart saddens
#Adam shifty Schitt , #liar and chief BULLSHIT artists, good actor also, and doesn't belong anywhere near government anywhere across the United States. #period ...............
Teacher: "Class, what's 1+1? Me. : "3!" Teacher: "No it's not. " Me. : "It is if you don't wear a condom" Teacher: "go to the principal's office. "
I saw this girl in the hallway today. She stopped me to tell me I was pretty & said “Can I ask you a question? Do I look ugly? I just feel like I look really fat” & she really didn’t. She looked so cute & it made me sad that there are girls who think of themselves that way :(
Astonished. I'm sorry to see that. Did you turn on the 2 step verification? Did your account get hacked and became a spam bot? Customer service will become jerks and show no compensation and mercy if they found that you didn't protect your account.
I got duplicate boxes this week 12 meals for the price of 6 hell yuhhhh
You’ve been irritating the activists since 11th grade
I’m 79 sue I was brought up in the street I work down to Fulton Fish market never comes out right when I text truck that’s why I make the videos the sorriest day in my life when I got into politics 24 years ago did the lowest scum on the planet
Yeah lol I was just clowning the cowboys for Dak not throwing a TD. Now im confused as shit.
haven’t stopped listening to Zedd since the concert
Sebastian Gorka & Sec. Pompeo traveling to Europe todo Trump's dirty, dirty bidding again oh his opponents? Traitors to the USA much?  #ImpeachmentIsComing
truecrimekrypa: 47 years ago, Terri Lynn Hollis (11) was kidnapped while riding her bike on Thanksgiving day. Her body was found the next day near the shoreline. She was raped and strangled. Until now, this case had gone cold, but similar to the... https://tmblr.co/ZMLfZy2l8teHy
Mom screaming upstairs: you think starring at the computer all day is gonna take the garbage out?! Angry Teenager:
No one denies he settled. But what you need to realize is that it was settled for Negligence ONLY. Not for sexual abuse! Also the laws in California before 95 allowed civil trials before criminal ones. He settled also to protect his 5th amendment rights from double jeopardy.
 Can u guys change pool B1. The fact it's me,  , , and  makes no sense.
let’s not lie to ourselves that y’all hype the same 2 members and ignore the rest, bring a bad name to onces by making them seem as if they’re gg antis, can’t name any bsides that are pre-fancy and some of y’all only say their names if it correlates to BTS
 Is the gas station the kids were warned at the same gas station John Henry in Apocalypse was murdered at in ep:5??
Oh so we dead dead by the darkness triangles right?
People in the comments don't know what a novel adaption is. None of the final episodes of Shippuden were filler.
Me da pena que la gente conozca a billie eilish por la cancion de bad guy teniendo un monton de canciones increibles como you should see me in a crown, bury a friend, when the party’s over..
Patriots, listen up: The GOP congressmen in House have done NOTHING regarding Schiff's lies in Ukraine phone call hearing. Schiff should hv been  censored for his lies. McCarthy & rest of these GOP dunces need to be voted out! They are weak links, all talk n no show.
Too bad. I thought he may be the only one with his head on straight
The anarchosyndicalist is colluding with the landgrave to vex the Catharite because the viscount defenestrated the hierodeacon.
All hot air talk This proposal is just a big fat lies It is the trojan horse for the EU
I imagine in the future the US being ashamed of Trump the same way Germany today is ashamed of Hitler
VP Biden, right now I think you may be best served by just standing back and letting Trump self-destruct. The news of criminal wrong-doing by his crime family administration is coming fast and furious. Rise above it and uphold the rule of law, the Constitution, and due process.
I know I'm not the only one. After seeing what you went through, my hope for the future of pain patients and how we are being treated is inhumane.
https://www.teaparty247.org/the-latest-instagram-crackdown-will-have-gun-owners-steaming-mad/ … Instagram, which is owned by FB, has been censoring & silencing conservative & Christian views in much the same manner as its Big Brother company. And using standards that are just as Orwellian, too. Now, they’re blurring out images of women at gun ranges.
It’s always that damn site. They have nothing else better to do than to hate on a woman who has done nothing to them. She married into the royal family. Get over it already.
libs need to realise that trump will only leave the oval office if he is physically dragged out.
This part stuck out to me because this was a body blow that Bomani landed when he discussed the Tebow reaction on #TheRightTime :
Are we going to have an I am Spartacus moment with the #whistleblower or nah
Yep !! Pompeo lied to the public on TV. He was listening in on the call. Co-conspirator too !! #UkraineExtortion #ImpeachPompeo
Don’t try to piece together the puzzle boo it’ll have you looking stupid
Fly of the handle, violent FREDO retweeting Fake News - only on days that end in Y!
Omg ! Criminal Lawyers are walking around the White House handing out business cards to the White House staffs. They are shouting #ProtectYourAss ! Trump is going to throw you under the UKRAIN Bus.
Whether shouts from nature, In the brine into the death, For the farmer in a year, As the world through all th.
I just remembered tomorrow is the beginning of 's annual 31 Days of Horror
People are upset about the Joker movie but there’s like a whole  show that’s devoted to an open killing spree
It was murder. How could somebody be in anther persons home on another floor of the building and not know it. Did he furnish his apartment exactly the same? How did she get in the apartment if the lock didn't fit her key. Was she in the dark. How old is this to already be a trial
My Android Chrome browser is set to dark theme. When I tap a site icon (circular!) on the New Tab Page, a white rectangle (!) flashes over it. I completely get why and how but it seems so wrong and maybe a little sloppy.
I have one brother rooting for WestHam and the other Chelsea. Its not easy being a City fan
Probably the main reason I ever have acne is because I'm constantly picking at my face and it's a vicious cycle of embarrassment lol
The people of Arizona decided that your actions and behavior did not merit reelection, one termer.
(Morgan gets closer herself) Im not a fool... I know you hate me that's why I know you won't do it... And I never said it was a joke I said it was an empty threat~! (Morgan lifts her veil up in a challenging manner) Now... I know you don't have the guts~
Daniel no matter how much country music you play in the car, I suffer through it. Open ur mind m8
Tokyo Nights#37 results:    Registration for Tokyo Nights#38 starts is on! This is a new Season! Work Hard to get the Sponsorship!! がんばてね     ://smash.gg/tournament/tokyo-nights-38/details …
That douche has severely damaged our reputation, he's wasted hundreds of billions of taxpayer dollars, and he's probably made millions of dollars doing it. The Government better NOT promise #Trump ANYTHING! He needs to be impeached, imprisoned, and impoverished!
I DARE U !!!! TRY IT BITCH SAY I WONT DO THE SAME TO U !!!
Why is no one helping them ? Shame on everyone there. Especially The future Domestic Terrorist/ ANTIFA THIS US BULLSH*T !!
Ummmmm, what the actual fuck is the MLS East/West Champions? Is this some kind of new made up bullshit, or is this some kind of old made up bullshit?
When liars do the “fact-checking”: A total of 13 people agree with your assessment.
500 climate scientists to the UN “There is no climate emergency. Therefore, there is no cause for panic and alarm,” they noted. “We strongly oppose the harmful and unrealistic net-zero CO2 policy proposed for 2050.”
does anyone have that video of natsu like murdering lucy in the pool
I'd have to run from the house, screaming like my hair was on fire....lol
Oh c'mon you are the one who divide Americans, playing the victim card is not what we need from you and the SQUAD. stop hurting America! #WalkAwayFromDemocratLiars
Father's not being in the home is a serious issue. Dude is right. It would fix a lot of issues the gov cant through legislation. We have an immoral culture that is getting worse. We've always had guns in this country, but only now are we having mass shootings. Why?
In 2015 I started warning they were Roy Cohn's thugs using Trump in a political operation to swing the election just like they did since the 80s when he went bankrupt and the Mob propped him up to use his brand. This is not new , It's just history.
season 6 hits too fuckin hard with the addiction and the friends growing apart and yearning for death and parents and everything really sucks and never gets better huh
i hate when people use straws to drink out plastic water bottles and pop cans not cus i care about the environment i just fucking hate it
JOOSS BALLET. DEATH series The New York, Plan, site plan Ludwig Kirchner Etching, aquatint and aquatint
what’s the opposite of a mood drop. mood elevation? experiencingthat right now
This is the Newry customs clearing house, a few miles in from the border, in 1972. Nine dead in one day.
I grew up in SF during the AIDS crisis. It bothers me that she could stay in the GOP all through those awful years. Will I get over it if I have to? Yes? Am I allowed to be bothered by that and her low-key jabs at HRC and BHO? Yes.
Women find any reason to post they private parts but men the perverts
It's becoming apparent that this is EXACTLY what happened. #AGBarr  MUST launch a criminal prove into this attempted seditious coup: Did The Inspector General Help The ‘Whistleblower’ Try To Frame Trump? https://thefederalist.com/2019/09/30/did-the-inspector-generals-office-help-the-whistleblower-try-to-frame-trump/#.XZKUCl-j6vE.twitter …
And the poor business that help do not get reimbursed like the Govt does for the buses and trains..
I guess the fuel taxes and carbon sin tax got too many people to buy fuel efficient vehicles and now they need to replace that revenue. GPS tracking is unacceptably invasive.
I’ll say it: That move is tantamount to throwing a punch. Carte blanche to throw hands over that. If you’re just playing defense, it’s a sucker move to pop someone intentionally in the face.
bro don’t get fucking rude to me when your on the tl throwing out racist remarks like it’s nothing you punk.
Hahhaa I guess you should bring him back to your place and hide him there lols. Familiar with the line? Heheh  #첸에게_빠지는_가을 #ShallWeMVOutNow #YesWeShallCHEN #EXO #CHEN
Democrayzs have become fascists! Socialist communism appeals to a majority of these America killers! Big brother cometh! Bernie,Obama and Warren are the worst of that party! Biden the most corrupt!
I'm still waiting for the sever punishment. But I'm looking forward to seeing each and every one in the Trump regime get theirs. #DictatorTrump, #WorstPresidentEver
Saudi Arabia spends triple on defense what Israel does, yet nobody in the world thinks a conflict between them would be anything but a rout.
One day you will tell your story about how you overcame that battle you went through, and God will send you the exact people who need to hear that story.
The only reason I get out of bed everyday is d/c of my kids. They are adults now and my life is so much less without them daily, but I know how destroyed they would be if I didn’t get out of bed every morning
Lest we forget. The Russian Troll farm was busy in Australia last election. The Australian Administration had more in common with Trump than most think. https://www.itnews.com.au/news/federal-election-is-now-in-russian-cyber-cross-hairs-anu-kremlin-expert-518924 …
Wrong. The ledger is decentralized. You'll get it eventually bud.
That's horrible :S I'm sorry to hear. It's amazing how it definded us... this weird space opera with little to no logic at the time. I bet many kids over the world were taken out of a dark place thanks to Star Wars (1 to 6 of course)
me trying to figure out how the fuck i’m gonna get out to california because i’m not missing anna lunoe b2b wax motif and 4b b2b valentino khan
I’m lying, party for the dirty 30. You saw it here first
The Amount of The #Mets Owe Cano, YO and Familia Is Enough To Make Anyone Sick . . . At Least Lowrie and Ramos Will Be One More and Done . . .
We can not admit more illegals into the US . Get real . . Take them all into your 2 and half million dollar home, were you only pay 1.400 on property http://taxes.Wow i pay 4000. on my little condo. Pays to be Elizabeth Warren
isn’t prog metal full of sexual assailants? like wtf no one in Black Metal has been a nazi since the early 00s all the black metal nowadays is uploaded on bandcamp by Libertarian Joe Rogan fans. I’m not sure what’s worse tho
How low a rate can the air cart meter with canola? Can it be ISOBUS controlled??
You don't seem to be doing much questioning of the loons who come in and say "Oh look someone told me something and MI5 but I won't say what it is!" You don't have any concrete idea how anything *might* have been tampered with. Get back to me when you have.
iggy want all the smoke . . . . . . . . . but soon as anybody reply, everyone is gonna say the white woman is being bullied
We must come to terms with the fact that Trump is not obstructing the truth from the majority of the nation he's keeping the truth from his base I'm certain once they here the depths of His treachery there the ones that will feel betrayed
I'm physically upset the Garreg Mach police wont let me be friends with Dedue!!! This is illegal!!!
imagine the scenes if champ ft scrapped prem ft, mad how all the prem accounts would be in the infirmary
Thanks. It’s just so . . . hard. It took years of counseling to get myself straightened out. But now that I know, I can spot the narcissism and gaslighting a mile away. I feel like screaming every day as I watch this admin destroy our norms and laws. Horrible
As many millions as the city shelled out when Democrats rallied on the cop killings in Dallas
Haven’t even left the house yet and already bummed out. Called the Hollywood  and they said they’re not gonna honor the in-store promo and give out BOGO wings tonight in honor on  winning yesterday. Such a bummer.
She is sticking her toes in the water and feeling around thinking of running trying to get more money since her foundation no longer get $coming in All of a sudden no wants to make donations, go figure?
Hello, Say goodbye to #essay #paper #assignment #homework anxieties by availing the impeccable academic writing services. Dm us
If I don't get tickets to superm I'm legit gonna be the worst sister ever
We the people want to fire Adam Schiff for lying to the people that pay his wages. He has to go
I just finished the waw campaign on hardened. I never want to do it again.
Why the fuck is "scottish" a demonetized word on YouTube?
SEEING RACE EVERYWHERE. SO WHO IS THE REAL RACIST? #auspolhttps://ift.tt/2n4ohuB
Pensando no meu futuro surto durante o show do Iron Maiden quando tocarem Fear of The Dark
Plus, the league only said he should not have been ejected. His fine is coming on Wed and he was penalized for the hit. So stop!! It was dirty. NFL is trying to take those hits out of football.
Just arrest him, and his VP, and anyone who knew. Serve a search warrant on the WH. Jail without bail until the damage to U.S. National Security is determined.
Would they be in their normal cage? If so, I think they would do fine. If they seem to stress, cover the cage. Covering reduces stress
Business of Li Ka-Shing reaches as far as in Germany (owns 40% of Rossmann). What happens to #cathaypacific recently will not be a single case. The graphic from  today shows us why and how HK is on the frontline of this international fight. #StandwithHK
Oh honey. It's not the love you take a break from. It's all that's broken inside you that you're only able to share with someone you love... The conundrum of being intimate and truly knowing someone is you share your broken shit too...
Wait until hackers modify manufacturing plant robots and down time when power outages since fossil fuels will banned and EMP attack will destroy everything the globalists created
My $1500 car repair bill is now a $2K repair bill. The one thingy broke because the other thingy was loose. Loose drive shaft and transfer case...
Pull her tracks thumb in the butt know I fuck her like a slut
I’m beginning to think there is no whistleblower. The Dems are manufacturing one.
 needs to sue  and family for all the expenses they accumulated once he is impeached or resigns
I just saw a post from a fan account saying how they’re disappointed the artist hasn’t updated. Okay first, fuck you. Second, the artist stated how they weren’t going to update for a period of time due to personal life. “Disappointed”, who gives you the fucking right-
Good, secrets are no fun without sharing. Seems like U.S. is the only country on the planet not in possession of an Obama-Clinton smocking gun. Hey , waiting on that evidence - Lost in the mail?
I play my Xbox far more than my PS4 just because I really hate a lot of Sony's policies in the latter half of this gen. I get all multiplats on Xbox now these days.
Why can't you just admit you were wrong that they issued a revised form in 2019? So weird. What firsthand knowledge did they have? There's none in the complaint. Please elaborate. Breaking news apparently.
WHAT DOES THE KITTY DID WRONG SO IT COULD GET BITTEN BY THE PINK SHARK?!
Do you think all protesters are fair if they use violence. and harass the children. I am not saying Hongkong I am saying Korea
Their flailing about is weak & transparent. Trying to frantically misinform an ever-shrinking crowd of rubes that have fallen for their con. Stupid Nixon & Fat Roy Cohn are cornered in lies & the GOP knows this is their Alamo.
I mean don’t get me wrong I hate losing but it’s part of the game. And that we do
Everyone doesn’t have the same heart as you, so stop expecting certain shit from mfers!
Still no answer to the core questions??? Prove a god exists. Prove the Bible is hi word. Explain why he’s incapable of clear communication with us ALL, despite being perfect, all-powerful and omnificent?! A contradictory old book which is easily misinterpreted isn’t very clever!
Van Halen - Dreams is easily the worst VH song. Even worse than Right Now.
Nevermind Biden's corruption, let's focus on Trump. Don't demand that Biden drop out of the race. Noooo..
Why are my labs at the end of the week, if they were just lecture classes I’d feel no qualms about missing them to attend a con _(:3 」∠)_
This is the swamp in panic mode. Trump is just about deliver one hell of a blow exposing dem corruption thats off the charts. Shift is calling all dem crooks to arms in an attempt to get the band back together for one more hit! The whole world is sick to death with u snakes....
how do they sing live like that i ... what the fuck
Maitliss aqsks if there should be an abuse of power offence, that is a bit risky for the BEEB I would have thought. Taking money from the EU not telling this country on what goes on in France for over a year and the rest. #Newsnight
We know who the frauds are, you nitwit. It’s the guy elected by Russia who also apparently needs Ukraine’s help too.
Bruh I need the audio to that shit nigga got back up like bruh he ate tht shit Peep in the end how he rocked himself back up wit his feet
And this ain't real. If she can make up the attack you should feel free to make the made-up attackers whatever race you want.
y’all see a black man and this the first thing y’all think of it’s gross honestly
Yes Rashida, only ones I see committing #AbuseOfPower and violations to our #Constitution are the  and you in particular support #terrorist orgs! #WakeUpAmerica #IStandWithTrump #FakeWhistleblower #FakeImpeachment
That’s cap moral of the story is if yo man Don’t know won’t hurt em simple
The worst part of trade week by far is people on Trade Radio or Twitter talking about hypotheticals as if they've already happened.
No way the same man who knows the name of every Ukranian prosecutor past and present involved in this mess , made that mistake by accident..
Now, if only those who latched on before the investigating was done would admit they were wrong …
Go to hell. Trump 2020 You’re afraid he’s going to get the dirt out on your Dick. Trump 2020 Sorry we love America and we love Trump
Can someone come collect me off the floor, IM BROKEN INTO PIECES
this isn't even funny anymore WHERE the fuck is jungkook
Yes, ,  feels guilty about beating your butt in the election....
At a point she actually tried to make him get the last strike provoking him and such
I liked them then as well, but thought it was way too soon & the way it was done was just too uncomfortable and rushed. Plus when it actually happened, there was absolutely no chemistry between the actors. I spent the Salem ep hoping Hollywoodland was all just a bad dream, (1/2)
Another #HateHoax, fr the 6th grader who said boys held her down, said nasty things, & cut her hair. *Good on her family for their mea culpa AND for making their daughter apologize. 12's pretty young. Did a fib get outta control b4 adults took over? https://www.cbsnews.com/amp/news/girl-dreadlocks-lied-classmates-boy-virginia-hairstyle-hoax/ …
The Time Donald Trump Turned Away in Disgust While a Man Was Bleeding to Death in Front of Him https://www.thedailybeast.com/the-time-donald-trump-turned-away-in-disgust-while-a-man-bled-to-death-in-front-of-him?source=twitter&via=desktop … via
I agree with Rural... if the campaign pushes much past 2M, can you imagine what that would do to it's credibility re. emails, etc. for fundraising? A lot of ticked off folks gonna wonder why they got hit up for more $wayyyyy past the goal. Would be a really bad look.
The lost art of #spaghettiwesterns #Bronsonisms #OnceUponATimeInTheWest
As a bengals fan you always want to beat the Steelers, but doing it now would be a waste. #tankfortuaoranyone
No, you are wrong, President gets the most scrutiny. Period
S4 | An ace by  and kill by  have the Redbirds out to an 18-16 lead! Timeout Aces. #BackTheBirds
I am usually the type of person to let things go & save myself from conflict, but if you hurt my family I go from kind to pissed off real quick
You cannot take Remain off the table when half the country voted to stay. They have respected it by TRYING to leave, but it's not possible without terrible damage and losing any say in EU business, that we would still have to follow to trade with them.
1. It's not a meme it's a gif. 2. No point in spending a lot of time on responding to something that stupid. 3.Yes, yes you are the only one.
Day 3, Day-in-the-Life Photos. No people, no explanations.
The consistency with which “you have to stay with the one hurting you and work through it, however long it takes, make sure to smile and do what they say” and “if it was so bad, why didn’t they leave” coexist is sickening.
I think we should make a deal. Complete pardon for complete confession. And once we get the confession we renege on the deal. Then when he starts whining, we say, “Sue us from prison, you stupid sad clown.”
If the premise of the Mueller investigation was a sham then the White House should immediately release the notes from the meeting between Trump Lavrov and Kisliyak where he bragged about firing Comey and apparently welcomed/brushed off Russian interference in the 2016 election.
Sir, you know what you have to do. We The People have been calling for scalps for 3 years now. We are with you ALL THE WAY SIR! The public backs you 100000000% don’t worry about the MSM and the clown politicians! You have THE PEOPLE AND THE MILITARY! #WWG1WGA #MAGA #KAG2020
On Naga Munchetty and the difficulty in calling racist people racist | The Canary https://www.thecanary.co/opinion/2019/09/29/on-naga-munchetty-and-the-difficulty-in-calling-racist-people-racist/ …
“52”, by its turn, is a reference to the 52-hertz whale, an individual specimen of a whale whose pitch hits the frequency of 52 Hz, way higher than the voice of most whales. She is a very lonely animal, since her peers are unable to hear her...."
Too bad it sounds like so much of the investigation is still in the beginning stages
Man and His Symbols- Carl Jung Hero With 1000 Faces- Joseph Campbell The Laws- Plato Summa Theologica- Aquinas Tao Te Ching- Lao Tzu Enchiridion-Epictetus The Egyptian Book of the Dead Art of War-Sun Tzu Bushido- Inazo Nitobe
Still remember where I was when I heard the news... stuck in traffic on the way to work. They played his song on the radio...fucked me up so bad I called out sick.
Seth and Rey will get attacked by The Fiend tonight
Well yeah but I suppose by '45 he wasn't the most powerful person in the world. You could argue in '40 he was. And he was batshit crazy IMO.
Im off tomorrow and the weekend but if they want me to work on Saturday ill do it
This book makes the blind testing of wine intriguing as a sport. I have not come across such people as Bobby who can tell a lot about wine by mere tasting it, but I look forward to reading the book.
Bernie Sanders, in 1986, risking his political career to fight against the stigma of homosexuality. Burlington city council wanted to oust him for this. #pics #awww
I miss living in the country but don’t miss all the bugs you hit at night!
Does this dope think Trump is going to be the only president ever from now on and that most of us care he is invited to an old house that is and has housed some of the worst criminals in America's history?
The Impeachment Theater Won’t Stop The Spygate Fallout https://www.theepochtimes.com/the-impeachment-theater-wont-stop-the-spygate-fallout_3100838.html … via
Glad I only got 1 of those sliders to try it was not good after they toasted it the bun was so hard
Kind of funny how incongruous this level of centrist vacuity sounds now in the face of the ever more turbulent shitstorm we’re all having to face up to. Once upon a time this brand of not even particularly well disguised utter bollocks wasn’t just normalised but felt inescapable
yoongi nods, and hoseok lifts him again. it’s a little bit awkward, yoongi knows he’s not exactly easy to lift, but hoseok manages to slip inside him, his hands gripping yoongi’s ass and yoongi’s back pressed against the wall. YG: don’t drop me. i don’t wanna fall off your dick.
morbidcollection: Brandon Clark, the man accused of murdering 17 year old Bianca Devins and then posting photos of his crime on Instagram and Discord, pled not guilty to the charges against him on July 30, 2019. If convicted, he will face 25... https://tmblr.co/ZMLfZy2l8te0D
Y’all see that Meg the Stallion and Brittany Renner interview? Brittney Renner look tiny af! I mean she probably is but Meg big as shit
Wait, so there won’t be an AP corner for the month of October?? I’m so disappointed.
#Repost  • • • • • QC the label, home of Migos, Lil Baby, Yachty & etc are not phased by engagement on Instagram when signing artists (via
No we didn’t want to the stupid tariffs in the first place.
sam is coming over and all of my brother’s rats are in the front yard i feel so bad for her
I think that the Intel community needs to be replaced with every new, incoming administration. While it's costly and time consuming, it's necessary to avoid dealing with an incestuous, seditious Deep State Intel System.
That’s not strictly true though. The article said it makes no difference for dead money which is true but if we cut him next yr (or yr after) we’ll have less total cap space than we would’ve without the restructure.
The resentment of Guts and all he did because of that(a.k.a rape) was really wrong and fucked up but it made sense, other than that his decision of sacrifice was the right one
Hey Carrie fans who've seen the cry pretty tour! About how long does the show run? I'm taking a train down this week and want to emotionally prepare myself that I may have to miss some of the show to catch the only train home
"Normal" got us into this mess  - a gradual 40 year conservative coup, a Fox News propaganda apparatus, a conservative SCOTUS, dangerous state GOPs, & unchecked institutional racism took the county from under our noses. Hyper engagement can prevent this going forward.
B L A C K. A R T I S T "The black artist is dangerous. Black art controls the 'Negro's' reality, negates negative influences, and creates positive images." ~ Sonia Sanchez
Overrated show, not trash but 7/10 by the time the main becomes strong the show will be over time to watch him cry and lose for another few seasons
The bouncers are no longer there so ya'll organize a strike.
They were dishonest with their reasoning. Yes, the animations ARE reused, we've already proven it, the models ARE reused, we've already proven it. so why do they continue to insist that these are the reasonings. It's dishonest at best, and lying at worst.
Get primed for the wrestling week ahead with  as I talk to  (formerly of ) about Rollins vs The Fiend at #HIAC, when will we see Goldberg vs Matt Riddle, and Kenny Omega declaring war on
 can you PLEEEEEEASE do more "shadow people" videos that are deep within the forest at night time with jairo/Jay? Or by yourself. That sounded like some sude screaming while getting TORTURED. love your channel so much!
The world would be a much better place if people would just be a tiny bit less stupid.
I stop by  while at the store yesterday and you know what  I #WalkedAway! Can't even stand to look at anyone from #Hollywood let alone watch one of their movies!
The standoff over the records led to a House vote in June 2012 holding then-Attorney General Eric Holder in contempt of Congress for failing to turn over the records. The House later initiated a lawsuit to try to force disclosure of the files.
Reading about the implosion of WeWork is possibly one of the least surprising things ever.
They're using VAR for the top 6 clubs freely overuling refs decisions, but in our games thinking how many penalty claims we have had and the wrongfully Palace disalowed goal seems they use it when they want to
The nerve, on Al Gore's Internet, that people think King Booker was a bad gimmick. He is MONEY!
Especially at the end of Eyeless. Whew boy. Man was SCREAMING.
PMC bank fraud: Mumbai police files FIR, pegs losses at Rs 4,355 crore | Business News, The Indian Express https://indianexpress.com/article/business/banking-and-finance/pmc-bank-fraud-mumbai-police-files-fir-pegs-losses-at-rs-4355-crore/ … via
I swear if Wizkid be no tweet promote this #Joro whatever, e for too over FC doing the lords work But una get just this week before CB x OBO drop ver 2.0
We act like sisters she got out the car and flipped me off & guess wat my ass did right back at ya fatty
FOX News literally just needs to shut down. Lock the doors, board it up and walk the hell away. Period.
Citizens of Quahog I must inform you that, last nights shenanigans, were not in fact funny It was by no means the worst episode we’ve done, but it was not the best we’ve done I hope that Peter, Joe, Cleveland and I can in fact make funnier skits in the future
Hmmm, what could be more important at work to this “lead” than a critical bug? Family emergency, personal crisis, long-awaited vacation...I get it. Another meeting? Nah. The team must move on without the “lead”.
the impeachment brouhaha is a distraction what is going on that the Dems don't want US looking at? it's something major ... let's stop focusing on impeachment & check our surroundings
I presented my dilemma to the group chat and now two of my friends are arguing over $5 that was never paid back for a fucking movie ticket
Im so glad we killed forever 21. Can we kill h&m next??? Actually, lets just make a hit list of all the fast fashion stores ok
 speaks of #CivilWar, who could blame him he has worked his ass off to make #US successful only to have the vicious #DemocRATS spit in his face.They say impeachment in the house could be a long drawn out affair but Nadler et al should move it faster by making up evidence
Will never forget this bomb or this game. I remember the 9th inning was so intense with Chapman getting out of it
WATCH: Ilhan Omar Admits She Ran For Office In Part To Get The Government To Pay Off Her Own Debt | The Daily Wire. https://www.dailywire.com/news/watch-ilhan-omar-admits-she-ran-for-office-in-part-to-get-the-government-to-pay-off-her-own-debt?utm_source=shapironewsletter&utm_medium=email&utm_content=093019-news&utm_campaign=position1 …
If we lose tonight. I give up and I’m a saints fan the rest of the season
lol. I exist, therefore, pwned. Now you can take out your frustration in the appropriate and totally not gay approved way.
Art bridges the lonely islands. It's the string that hums from my tin can, over here looking out of my little window, to you over there, looking out of yours. MICHAEL CHABON
That couldn’t be further from the truth....no where in the Mueller report did they say there was no evidence. There was tons of it.
She's a winner through and through. The only one who can beat Trump. Not that there's much likelihood of those shitheads letting her run against him, but I haven't lost all hope.
I'm trying to watch Demon Slayer but I keep remembering that the main voice actor got blocked by the official twitter and I spend all the important sad parts trying not to laugh
Remy just say all types of stupid shit on state of the culture
So we're going to get from the Australians a letter stating yea we know your guys were monitoring there campaign because they had plans to dump yall for the Saudis and Russians in other words not America first. Big treason hard to explain in a tweet or to anyone for that matter
The boys she falsely accused were children too. Have you no sympathy for them?
The Civil War has already begun. Your Stupid, you don’t identify yourself as one of the instigator generals of the Socialist Left wing Radical party. You are very much in this war.
Me After Seeing The Girl That Rejected Me Post “Rip Lil Bro ” On Her Story The Next Day
The Razer keyboard did not approve of being plugged into the usb hub. The gamer juice needed to come straight from the source for this bad boy.
Fox News outs two Fox analysts as working 'off the books' with Trump, Giuliani to find Biden dirt https://www.dailykos.com/story/2019/9/30/1888835/-Fox-News-outs-two-Fox-analysts-as-working-off-the-books-with-Trump-Giuliani-to-find-Biden-dirt …
What business have you in Ikana Kingdom, land where only the dead roam? This is no place for one as full of life as you. Or do you say that you wish to join the dead?
The only argument against this is there are much higher priorities. Significant numbers of people are homeless against their will. And other problems of a very basic nature (such as you can't work for simple lack of aids)
Tbh I would walk into my wedding with my husband hoeing it up like I’m gonna have fun fuck everyone! Let the aunties talk fuck our culture I’m not gonna act shy for shit
God no!! Off to finish the fruit so we can stay another year!
Keep bringing up the last who cares like I keep saying it’s Donald sterlings fault worst owner in sports history shitty management live in the present bud
The #StandYourGround rules is what has given cops the excuse to murder and get away with it this far. I can't believe this sh** is happening in the USA in 2019.
Really? "During the investigation of the girl's accusations, security camera video showed where people were at the time of the alleged attack, the family's attorney said, and it became clear the girl's account could not be true based on the day and time she said it happened."
Give Jeff wilpon a PS4 and MLB the show and tell him this is how you actually control the Mets and see how long it distracts him
how can i get rid of a cold in 24 hours; the struggle
Some drunk guy on the subway dead just told me im pretty but ill never ever be American LMFAO wtf
Very, very Stalinesq in its execution. I’m frightened, because even the “opposition” seems vaguely compliant.
A Spanish lady has mistaken my podcast's Facebook page for (I think) a telephone company, so I looked up the Spanish for 'this is a Facebook page for a podcast'.
I'm sorry your closest theater is so far. If it helps, parking sucks in my area and the rent is absurd.
You’re so terribly wrong.There are many self proclaimed“leaders” of Antifa. However, the most outspoken and well known would be Mark Bray.He authored the book Antifa:The Anti-Fascist Handbook.Ask yourself how many of these Antifa degenerates have read that book or know of it
I am having some trouble parsing that expense report. This is some profoundly bad money management. $70/day on food? $24000/yr on preschool? So many in this country live on less than that, to cover all expenses. The waste, the greed, the incompetence. It blows my mind.
How does it feel to try as hard as you can to act like Jash and fail every step of the way
He lies all the fuvking time. What are you even talking about?
It's extreme because they ask hard questions I guess. Enough with the softball games with these politicians. They need to answer some hardball questions.
Who do I contact but the Niall rsvp? I’m so nervous I need to know if it went through......
In a rational world, POTUS would be impeached and removed. If that doesn't happen, the effort to unseat him in the 2020 election is job #1. Even if successful, that period between election day and inauguration day scares the hell out of me. This guy is not stable...(or genius)
It is funny but.. at the same time. Motion smoothing is as serious as a heart attack.
If you went through bullshit to get on in the industry then got on and didn't do anything to change the system so others dont have to deal with bs and politics, then you're part of the industry problem. But hey...
Last time na niclaim ko na “this is gonna be my month” nag kanda leche leche eh. Pota let the chips fall where they may
Oh crap forgot I’m supposed to go to the pelicans practice I need to add stuff to my calender
What happen to Ms. Shirley Williams who used to run NSWMA ? The system has either broken down or the management has fallen down on the job. Is Dennis Chung still a part of the Board ? How long does it take to send a truck up the hill ? Let them go up empty and start collecting
work will resume tomorrow or so bc ive gotten no sleep and need to fuckin recover from the last two weeks
I kinda learned what type of woman I actually wanted from my past relationship(s) foreal .. that internet shit for the birds & ever since I let the bird bitches be birds
Not very catchy. Plus, “watergate” has an actual meaning and historical significance as the terminus of the C&O canal. So unfortunate the Dems had a HQ there. How different the terminology would be if it had been referred to as the Foggy Bottom scandal.
Report to animal control. No-kill shelters have no authority to remove the animals from abusive/neglectful homes. Local law enforcement may also be able to assist, as this may be in violation of municipal ordinances or State laws.
ok crisis averted lets dial back on the anxiety pls
I be scared to go to the Chinese store on Belmar might see the boy who took my 1st virginity
I’m not talking about reps. Trump will use this to tell his base that he was just trying to prove that the Dems started an illegal investigation...and they will eat it right up.
Ze forgetting he has multiple websites where he states his age. Why the fuck did u say you were older than me???
Look up the show Adam Ruins Everything. Find the one where he ruins conspiracy theories. He supports his findings with experts and a list of several sources. All of which point to the fact that we landed on the moon and it could not have been faked.
"Then beat the drum slowly, play the Fife lowly Play the dead march as you carry me along Take me to the green valley, lay the sod o'er me I'm a young cowboy and I know I've done wrong" (lyrics from Streets of...
Man....fuck all these people and they cute ass kids. Got me over here glassy eyed cus of the adorableness....
 should not be discussing investigations with the president wtf
Pres Erdogan pens an op-ed on Khashoggi murder’s first anniversary: • Begins the article by reminding everyone 9/11, which Saudis were always accused of culpability • Draws a line between killers and Saudi state/king • Promises to investigate more https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/2019/09/30/recep-tayyip-erdogan-turkey-will-continue-its-efforts-shed-light-khashoggi-murder/ …
I made this in 2014 It was just about me feeling insecure but everyone's taking it the wrong way in 2019 OTL
on the millennium falcon ride they show that you’re going with chewy and I was like “where’s han” and then It Hit Me :(
I once read a book, it was fiction of course, it was violent but these insurgents were actually hurting the people that mattered. Weird though, things started to change because of deeds and not words. It was called something like “The Blockade” or “The Barracks.” It was realistic
Nope, he consistently meets the no sentence standard.
It's been a weird couple of weeks, but I'm back now! This made me laugh. This is the saddest puppy, he's so humiliated.
The problem is not “the rules” We all can interpret that. The problem lies in the fact that there is NO CONSISTENCY in the interpretation of said rules. The same incident is adjudicated differently time and time again. One time it is allowed and the next time the horseis down
Science teacher sleeping with multiple students and the yearbook teacher being arrested for dealing meth
For sure. I've been to the Cowboys stadium, and it's beautiful inside, but there's crap for parking. People sell parking in their driveways.
Wow  I just reviewed the replies here....your not very good at this Twitter thing are you...you got hammered. Your Mr Whistle blower and Chairman of the #BrettKavanaugh hearing disaster oh forgot how you got #tRumped on #ethanol thing #Gotakeanap
You and I We don't wanna be like them We can make it 'til the end Nothing can come between
To any of my acquaintances who plan a plantation wedding, and invite me - I will play the fuck outta you.
 representing the HR Team at #HISDParentUniversity postponed parent class !
Are we not gon talk about how the president ‘receives in audience’ his own wife? No?
The president’s “adversaries” were the miscreants who have to be investigated, for God’s sake! That’s why they’re fighting back. They are trying to discredit Barr before he uncovers the evidence of what they did in 2016.
This Ukraine hype is unraveling already. Whistleblower checked he had first hand knowledge in his first filing. He’s not credible. Why did they change the form after his first filing? Democrats & MSM are spreading fake info. Sad
Looking forward to the Sequel of Craptain America: Civil War this year Impeachers: Endgame. #Tytlive
President Trump is not threatening anyone. He and all those who voted for him are being threatened by you and the media.
Also during a meaningless game. Playing for a last place team that’s 36 games out of 1st place. Manny Machado is not the monster y’all make him out to be.
geez... more acosta FAKE NEWS..NOTICE..no proof ..no corroboration .. no witnesses ..EVER .. IN ANY ACOSTA POSTS...the guy is using CNN to relate his delusions to america.. sad.. CNN using a mentally I'll individual for profit.. #acostafakenews
they will never have a chance against tencent in that concern because they dont have the ressources for updates to release daily (the case for pubgm and fortnite).. and I just dont get how the game has become worse all over the last 2 years.. just fucking retarded
The sense on Capitol Hill was that Yovanovitch had been caught up in a convoluted conspiracy web spun up by Giuliani and right-wing media that had captured the president’s attention. Trump’s finding it’s not so easy to turn America into a Banana republic.
Dang it i dont have money for the dlc but want to play it so bad i could use a code like that :(
Volunteered at my kid’s elementary school, including sessions in K-5th grade classrooms. A) I don’t know how teachers manage day-in, day-out, and B) I think the moose in the If You Give a Moose a Muffin books is self-centered and rude.
It’s one nigga in my squad of homies that’s just a waste of space. Nigga lies for no reason, dirty mack, allat. I got over the fact he purposely burned my hair. Got over the fact he stole my shirt and lost it in PCB. Dude contributes 0 to society
I think he's a cunt, but he doesn't have the skill to do what he's accused of. He either obliviously fumbled his way through the whole thing or was acting under the instruction of his party hierarchy (& fumbled his way through)
Talk about spinning wow you people are so desperate to dig trump its pathetic the lengths youll go
Yeah it's like a bad record with the GOP. They never seem to go away and always have something stupid and untrue to say.  is a moron
^^^ and in any kind of acting work, a union is a must, unless you wanna get completely and utterly fucked over half the time
I’m not in my peace. I’m too distracted by the realizations of the fuckery in my life. I be like “ohhhhm — WTF?!!!?! - dammit!”
I will never cap Lettuce, I was sinking then I went cold then a couple of buds and some Ronas got me going  held it down when I was shitting the sheets
This redefining of Sexual Orientations, & if you don't go along with it you get treated horribly. No one has to be sexually available to people that they are an Ally to. After the last 10 months of harassment.. idgaf anymore. People can unfollow, block, or rage all they want.
KATIE mentioned it was from 2017. I dont care when it was made, the point is still the same. A religion or culture that wont assimilate, demands special accomadation and brings Iron age sensibilities to a modern culture will not work. Oh and I dont care if they dislike ISIS.
Mr.president, take the Democrats to jail. They are our enemy
That's a philosophical argument, ignoring the actual options presented in this totally real world exercise.
Sometimes when I go to target I just like yelling I THINK IM BOUT TO STEAL to scare the employees
I didn’t say it out loud but I was skeptical about the story after hearing it second time
I hope she is punished...folks like her and Smollett hurt people when they are really victims of racists attacks Will the so called leaders call this out?
Nah, I did my concealed at the Tampa Gun show. Everything Done in 1-Day. Simplest shxt in the World Bruh! They always have it at the Covention Center
By his peers and the world needs to see kindness in action...in my lifetime I have seen so much hate & indifference
They're all conspiracy nuts. They think they're fighting the "Deep State"
Thats a base console not a upgrading one, and these days you know developers are releasing massive games, and on the base consoles, ps4/xb1 those games have some difficulty in getting a stable fps
If I asked for that I would be fired within the day
wait what. i was in the shower for 15 minutes whatd i miss
There are just a few, with very BIG platforms and mouths, stirring the pot. #WeThePeople outnumber 10 fold! It is not what we are told by #FakeNews. Do a #BlueWave search, It's pathetic!  #MAGA #QAnon #WWG1WGA
(Lobby of Granville Square building, former home of two collapsed Canadian empires: CPR & Canwest.)
The bible is actually kind of obsessed with stories and rules and mentions of snakes in various ways. The story of Adam and Eve, Moses and Aaron, Moses and the Pharoah, Fiery Serpents, Bronze Serpents, the temptations of Christ, the Ancient Serpent.
.  I ain’t ask for much for but we need to make change. We have more qualified teachers losing out on positions in our schools because we’re not hiring the best teachers for these kids. These kids suffer the effects while corrupt execs stuff their pockets.
Nah man. That’s what the skill sliders are for. On that game I could turn Ben Hicks into Aaron Rogers.
During the 1970s, the British attempted to install a hard border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland, but faced significant difficulties in doing so. https://hatfulofhistory.wordpress.com/2016/06/17/policing-the-northern-irish-border-in-the-1970s/ … via  #IrishBorder #Brexit
Y’all know it’s not gonna be echo watch it be a character that was referenced on the back of a cereal box that we missed in a update
can the men on my timeline stop talking about their frontal lobe?? like their fathers aren’t shit too smh
broke: screaming into the void as a service bespoke: serverless screaming into the void
The President inciting civil war if he's impeached. Factually evil
∆ The forbidden fruit ∆ [76] [Segunda-feira] "Entre lírios e rosas, o infalavel foi falado"
It should - give him the players he wants and if he fails fire him don’t give them then fire Dubas
Imma have to make that a thing in my house. Cause it really hits me when I wake up with that fuck the world thought and wanna wake n bake it away.
I like that every single party in Ireland has already taken a massive dump on the UK’s shitty non-paper.
Type O negative Christian woman This song closes the deal. An interesting method for the Vampire tool bag.
If you look at the video, Jones hits the 39 and stops just before the hit. So, Allen.
& look at u..not the least bit embarrassed about showing yourself as 1 of the fools who extol this as great news! Why is the billionaire trying 2 raise $off of this & every other useable outrage of his? B/c he’s a fraud & liar & he’s just milking $from idiots who will give it?
So Doug. You would rather all monies funneled to the grifters at the NCAA? Most live in huge gated mansions funded in part by tv deals earned off the backs of kids. IMO they do not care about kids unless they can get paid.
Liberals Mantra TAX THE LIVING TILL THEIR DEAD AND TAX THE DEAD AS IF THEIR LIVING LIBERAL TAXMANS UNFORGIVING
my room flooding ruined my copy of The Great Gatsby.... FUCK OFFFFFF
However no judge involved. Just democrat political grandstanding. We all know there was nothing to this we have all read the memo
I think the culture doesn’t need this collab...but I’ll take another Jcole song without Chance
Not yet, just his normal “Feed My Ignorant Supporters” pep rally to say the same bullshit, lies and false accusations.
YouTube comedian Jimmy Dore received thousands of dollars from a pro Syrian regime lobbying group “That same year, Dore would argue that a chemical weapons attack on the opposition-held town of Khan Sheikhun was likely a “false flag,” https://www.bellingcat.com/news/2019/09/30/pro-assad-lobby-group-rewards-bloggers-on-both-the-left-and-the-right/ …
Sweety told Jon he worship the devil cause he in a fraternity
Yet ANOTHER unnamed source. Fake news on the fake narrative.
remember when kanye confused omar epps for the guy from paid in full
Holy shit. I just watched the Ventura for President 2016 skit. That was so spot on!
already unfollowed the clickbait funnel rebel media, just getting weird in ezras world.
That's YOU saying that, genius! Terrified that the NDP might get a crack at "giving away" the god given tax dodge of Loblaws, etc.
Scott Frost should be all for this. What in the hell are people in Nebraska spending their money on? No pro teams. Like Nebraska wouldn't have every kid they sign selling fertilizer and feed.
By the way, underestimating your opponent violates one of the major principles of the Art of War. The south made that mistake in the first civil war. Don’t think Democrats and independents won’t fight to protect our families & freedom. We also served in the military. No Nazis !
I don't care how it's done. Jonah must be taken away from the criminal Brad. No more lying cheating altering medical records or attempted murder. Get on to a different story. End this one.
Downlinks set was so fire the first half was crazy then he turned it up a notch with the dnb very fuego
Anxiety is being too hot in the car but not wanting ask the driver to turn up the AC.
Not sure what the apple watch argument is about cause I didn’t see it but I’m 100% sure it’s stupid af.
I’m reminded of Morozov’s article about WeWork and the criticism of it I tweeted at the time: a group of leftist academics take tech ideology at face-value so they can shoe-horn Foucault-speak into their analysis.
The Capture on BBC is one of the confusing things I’ve ever watched
Lol wth I didn’t even know I tweeted that until I saw the retweet . Promise Ise be going crazy
Have you ever seen the conspiracy videos about Tom Nook on YouTube? Deep shit.
I bet you’re a damn cool godmother and your and maddies collaborations over the years have been incredible to watch, always so moving
I have the weakesttttt spot for guys w/ nose rings fuck
Nicole might not have won $500K but she won the hearts of America and that matters more #BB21 #BB21Livefeeds #BBAD #bigbrother21 #bigbrother #BB21Finale
Just read this kid is actually 16 years old She should be at school on the other side of the ocean she said No you shouldn’t , you need to get a job.
the feigned outrage over the word 'folk' is absolutely transparent Way to lose the argument. Take the L and leave, gracefully or dont and continue to entertain us all ... your choice
Sometimes I feel maladjusted but then I remember that I was forced by my 5th grade homeroom teacher to dig graves for all of the classroom gerbils that died and I’m reminded that I should be so much worse
ignoring tweets about the ******* l*** im to physically and mentally invested to consider they might flop at the moment
Seems a bit shallow really, converting to Christianity just to get better treatment in prison. So Sir, why are you a follower of our Lord Jesus Christ? "Well, I get an extra hour a day out of the cells on a Sunday, and a creepy guy in a dress gives me a stale cracker" Morals.
He's a reactor and has THE WORST track record. If you don't know of him then don't even waste your breath on him
What the hell are you talking about? What you think should/shouldn’t happen doesn’t matter - you were subpoenaed. Get ready.
In the article they state one of them attempted to use the weapon at the time of his arrest but it was confiscated. Wtf? Hey uh . Latinos/Hispanic ain't black. Know that.
And the church being ridiculed as usual.I'm yet to hear my pastor or other pastors (not wolves in sheeps clothing)speak ill about this cashless http://policy.You just hailed Daystar for its upgrade yet you said the 'church',daystar is not part of the church?
My God, I left out Bill Barr! He would be the real shit cherry on top of everything, wouldn't he?
Are elementary school fundraisers just the worst thing ever? I submit that they are.
the lack of arms length when i see tanks pull trash mobs is distressing
Bill C75 - Enabling Terrorism through the Canadian Justice System. The Liberals created it, and voted for it. Andrew Scheer didn’t vote. Max Bernier was the only leader to vote against it. Vote #PPC2019
They also have anti free speech, due process, science & sexual liberation (see several books written by radfems on the matter) crusades in common. The alliance has been called the Unholy Union or Demonic Alliance because it is quite bizarre, but they have managed to find many
 Yes Schifty is guilty of treason. Drain the swamp POTUS! America is waiting
I haaaaate when people come into a room i’m in by myself and then get mad when i get up and leave the room to go be alone. you interrupting my alone-ness damn get tf out my face
Explain Dali? Isn’t that kind of missing the point a little?!
Then the X-Files being, looking like some kind of blue-green Jackie Chan with Isabella Rossellini lips and breath that reeked of vanilla Chig Champa, did a slow-mo Matrix descent out of the butt end of the banana vessel and hovered above my bug-eyes, my gaping jaw, and...
What the fuck just happened today? Day 984: Fractures. https://whatthefuckjusthappenedtoday.com/2019/09/30/day-984/ … via
I learned to find comfort in the uncomfortable moments. My body rejected all that which no longer served me. With a bold,“NO” I learned to create boundaries and walls where none stood. All the lingering energy from those who are no longer on my journey returning back to my body.
Shot 2 more episodes of #KBC yesterday and now an early morning flt for another shoot of #ZindagiWithRicha . When my body says I m tired, my mind and heart remind it of  & the body forgets all the tiredness, stress... and I #SmileNoMatterWhat
What an idiot Mr.Khan ! You become the laughing stock of the world
Dont cry cheat back one of the best books ever read... but revenge ent always the answer
Gorka is a fugitive from the law in Hungary May be they can drop him there
The dems better stop poking the bear he will but and the demo rats will all fall down. They are scared because they have been selling America out until President Trump
The Cubs should hire Girardi as manager and Ross as a bench coach. Ross has that connection to the players that could blur lines. Let Ross learn from Girardi. I have no doubt that Ross can be a manager someday, but the Cubs need a proven commodity right out of the gate.
Him yelling and being mean to Douglas is definitely pissing me off. I love the little guy, but most of things that are coming up in dialogue the things he did in the past. Like it keeps getting mentioned that he almost killed Rick.
#nsfw Who is this irresistible creature who has an insatiable lust for the dead? Art © fjorge [FA]
OH, seriously – Moser Roth is the chocolate carried in every Aldi's store..... Are you trolling us?
The pilot of "Succession" is literally just the pilot of "Arrested Development," except grimdark and with swearing.
Sorry, the headline "Clueless actress..." makes me smile
Imagine being mad about emails that were cleared but justifying that a traitor in office hid call transcripts in an encoded system that prevented officials from viewing them. sir, youre the poison God spews from his mouth. You may be a “Christian” but your sure as hell not Godly
It's weird how they are still "investigating" the investigators of a report they claim cleared trumpo...
Apparently the shit hasn't hit the fan hard enough.
And they blocked her walker with their feet. This is a crime people, it's called obstructing a public way. All of these sissy, terrorist, coddled, wastes of oxygen should be arrested, and prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law
YOU ARE THE BAD ACTOR  YOU AND ALL YOUR CRONIES IN THE
I done planned out all the fly sht ima do once my deposit drop & here go my loud ass breaks waking up the neighbors can’t never be great
If I had you on battlenet, or I didn't you should totally drop us a reply or DM your steam so we can shoot aliens in the head
Wishing you all the luck & sending lots of good vibes! I’m getting half my thyroid taken out in 2 weeks and hoping for no cancer but there’s a 60-75% risk that it could be.
Working on a new post for you guys with a Master Grocery List full of all my staples, but having some trouble getting the file to attach properly. Here’s a photo of my produce bags for sale in my Etsy shop for now
We could leave the Christmas lights up till January
I thought I was the only person who remembered that guy. Struck me as strange that not only his division but OLC were involved in deciding not to investigate whistleblower complaint. Those OLC employees need to be named. They have been nothing but hacks.
I’m so tired of sharing my bunk bed with you and the weird guys you sneak in at 3am.
Lol bullshit. For the first time in more than a decade, you want me to cry because we haven’t lost a league game to Utd in 3 attempts. Is it crack?
I think a lot of us feel bad about having to dismiss a call, and/or just plain dislike talking on a phone with 0 warning. That might be the anxiety you are talking about
The primary role of the     has apparently devolved into ‘trying to make tRUmp’s batshit crazy conspiracy theories true.’ So u can share in the dirty $$$. And there is all of ONE person decent enough to speak up?!?  #OrangeCrush
You got more credit than you deserved for the student protest against Ford's education changes. You were part of the TEAM that organized a groundswell of opposition to the proposed changes. Hypocritical of you to criticize Greta when you took credit that belonged to the group.
y'all really doing me dirty w the cigarette emoji...
ok in conclusion i have followed in the boys footsteps and am having a midlife crisis
I still don’t understand how y’all so dumb y’all actually believe Trump did something wrong since the left and the media are pushing all this bullshit against Trump to try and protect uncle joe Biden and his corrupt son
The fact that you see it in high school and youth football isn't a defense, it's an indictment.
It's hypocritical for anybody in the industry, particularly the coaches, administration, and NCAA officials to take the stance that college athletes shouldn't have the ability to earn a living.
month of the haunted days of the damned weeks of the pumpkin I T ' S H A L L O W E E N B A B Y
No opposition here of course. We’ve been trying to get you to conform to the prayer book for centuries.
i’m a little scared to ask, i just hope they have the wrong person
Everyone who mentions "drug dealing" is doing a huge disservice. This was put there specifically to stop people from sleeping on the ground. Drug dealers have no problem standing around the boulders- it just gives the dealers a place to sit.
I use to type them all the time in college. Hated them too, but I type fast and I use to finish papers due in 30 minutes less than that time and still got A’s on all of them
Swiss Citizens Take to the Streets to Protest 5G Implementation as New Illnesses Start at Same Time https://healthimpactnews.com/2019/swiss-citizens-take-to-the-streets-to-protest-5g-implementation-as-new-illnesses-start-at-same-time/ …
Hard same Though I do want to work on my Warlock in the near-ish future
Students are the most hardworking, determined, stressed out and busy bad asses ever and I’m proud of you all
Honestly, any effort put into this was too much, but the grave is made of cardboard boxes
So, was it her grandparents(her legal guardians)that ran to the press with this story? So they are as guilty as ol Jussie.
meh Trump put the squeeze on Ukraine's president for personal partisan gain, using US public aide. No, that breaks US laws, and just can not stand. This mistake should be extracted from office and not so gently
Is it that much of a reach tho? Our defense was good and I feel they’ll be ok but keep in mind the saints defense is not that great. If the offense can’t capitalize with what the D holds for them it’s a matter of time and Rogers will bust loose.
No, no, you have it all wrong. You're supposed to wait until the first tweet goes viral, THEN issue the correction, which will get only about 1/10 of the attention as the original.
Donn - If you were on the receiving end of daily made up damming stories about yourself you would most likely resign. But real honest men will fight back. Wimps resign
Live in a real world with real problems, this is why there’s such a high divorce rate because people don’t move in before signing legal documents. Once you live with someone you see the ugly, the annoyance, the struggles, the persons real selves.
Lindsey you are a joke. Whistleblower complaints CAN be hearsay. The complaint was investigated and FOUND CREDIBLE and URGENT by the IG. That is the process, then Trump basically confesses to the transcript. IMPEACH NOW
Same goes for you! What happened to you after the View? Will all the books have a chapter with stories about you always crying in your dressing room, they hanged up against you all said you weren’t as smart as you pretended to be!
“Err on the side of kindness.” — common use expression. Means that if you’re not sure about something you should make the choice that is most thoughtful/charitable to anyone involved.
If you're already baller at arrangement, you can absolutely kill it at composing. The only difference is you're rearranging your own material and ideas and there's no canonized version to keep "true" to.
ANYONE associated with the Trump administration should either resign or be impeached/indicted. And his congressional enablers need to go down in flames at the voter’s box. #DeadlineWH #Blue2020 #Complicit
Not really. The premiere of Ontario is crazy; populism is rearing its head there too. I’m voting this month trying to stop it.
How many QBs have they drafted in the first round since Shula? They’ve been so bad at it you should be thrilled they are aiming to finally get a top QB through the draft. Could it wrong? Of course but this just increases odds of it not being
I'm sorry, but this is wrong. What Ella is reading is NOT the cover of #HarryPotter and the Philosophers Stone. This is. #TheCircle
 Answer me this: why do you have two loss Texas A&M ranked in the top 25 while Baylor from the big 12 and Minnesota from the Big Ten are both undefeated and not ranked?
Rudy if you actually read the response to your Tweet you will see you have no credibility... bringing up somebody else's past is not going to change Trump's future... impeachment
Not giving ANYONE the opportunity to waste my time...
The Trump flunky in London who was trying in 2016 to set up Russia collusion (Papadopoulis) was bragging to an Australian diplomat about his Russia collusion. He let his government know, and when the DNC hack became public, AUS told the FBI about the conversation.
Licences, insured & tested, along with a registration plate - yet denied action so what’s the point...?
 You are pathetic. You are guilty of protecting a “TRAITOR”. How can you even stand looking at yourself in the mirror? Loser Lindsey
im literally just thinking about how everyone should sign out of the erc when they leave
Make my ex wanna get it back, that’s a fact Say it louder for the bitches ina back
Turn down the gaslight loser. No one believes your BS.
 hey Mr president you handed them the evidence and now to try lie out of it as usual! What a sad pittyful man child!
I gave up the last time I tried the stealth portion of Mark of The Assassin , so trying again... and death by cheese wheel?
I am sick and tired of having a Congressman not voting Yes on Impeachment when we have a treasonous crook in the Oval Office.
So, as with everything: - The Rent Is Too Damn High - Zoning makes it that way - Until we fix those things, restaurants are gonna be "homeless": forced to (literally) live on the street as food trucks.
I finished it entirely by accident over the summer, wasn't even really trying to. Running into a specific bug? The quest itself is kinda weird and has some very picky requirements.
ohhh my god watching gary and selina fight in s4 like... almost made me cry. i don't know if that was the intended effect
Evil is evident my man, he’s at 1600 Pennsylvania Av... I don’t watch the news for your information, local that’s about it. I see & hear how the man moves & form my own opinion that that “fake news” bogey man you guys keep calling on don’t work on me lol
Donald Trump has 'dangerous mental illness', say psychiatry experts at Yale conference | The Independent https://www.independent.co.uk/news/world-0/donald-trump-dangerous-mental-illness-yale-psychiatrist-conference-us-president-unfit-james-gartner-a7694316.html …
THESE tweets (dated much further back) aren’t about any of this. These had to do with the time of Angela being a manipulative leader and me getting attacked for stating that victims of abusers couldn’t view Peevengers as a welcoming group (which they advertised), because they -
I came across this thread talking about people who are either married or cohabiting and that they should remain in the honeymoon faze for the rest of the time that they’re together and I was left confused as to why?
Me: procrastinates writing report Also me: stressing because I procrastinated and now the report is due in a few days
missed the drop on the release date but don’t trip
It is extremely unfortunate how similar the juice of a thawed frozen blueberry looks like human blood
Let me correct you. You didn’t saw only a former sportsman, you saw a leader who warned the world about Hitler Modis facist plans.
These Alarming Posts Shows How Bad The Student Debt System Is Affecting People https://truththeory.com/2019/08/14/these-alarming-posts-shows-how-bad-the-student-debt-system-is-affecting-people-lives/ …
I woke up, suddenly envisioning Kiryu in his Onomichi costume standing beside the other two in Hypnosis Mic's Osaka division weirding them the hEll Out FFFFF I WANNA DRAW THIS HAHAHAHAHA
I got drunk and bought a massive Amy Winehouse picture.  and I hung it in the living room.
Also FAS children have likely got ND parent and many ppl dx BPD are probably not in the true sense and may actually also be ND - that’s the pattern I see
I have the very same weakness, I too work on it everyday. I also depend on Gods grace and the fact that Jesus died for my sins. Remember, he still working on us
Climbed to Masters on the last day of the season for the first time in... couple months, I think. Quadruple digits, I missed you.
That's the worst thing I've ever seen and now I can't sleep, Thankyou
I haven’t cried over math in a long time but I think today might be the day
OPEC announces full recovery of oil production by Saudi Arabia after the attack https://newsobservatory.com/opec-announces-full-recovery-of-oil-production-by-saudi-arabia-after-the-attack/ …
The Bowling Green Massacre Memorial Fake News Repository
Yes I am well aware of the SJW psycho babble that tries to excuse it with POC. and fails miserably. The definition in Websters dictionary for Racism, bigotry, and stereotyping works quite well for me and I refuse to see it altered to cover for racist POC or any racist.
"I am going to the olympics though.. For curling. Not like the Canadian bowling."
In a stunning reversal, America the self-anointed Exceptional Nation/City on a Hill has been driven literally insane by online gutter shit like Blaze TV and Breitbart News ahahahah
You are the future my friend-go get it! Anyone else that thinks differently is a fool
It's a Tough Life, But I'm Still Breathing through the WORST EXPERIENCES&BATTLES! Fighting ALONE against the World's Worst ain't Easy One Bit, But I Don't Regret the CAUSE I'm Fighting For! MY BABY'S LIFE is IMPORTANT than Giving Up #PEDOGATE #POLITICALCOUP So that's that!
Seem to be no end in sight for Indians, this slippery slide. The fire of hate is kept aflame. It is the secret of their staying power. Prior to every national election a large Pulwama attack style, Mumbai...
today a white kid from the netherlands said nigger four times to my face
I know throwing numbers at you won't matter, but let's try it out anyways: 51% of all American workers make less than $30K/annually. Are you seriously going to continue to believe people have a "choice" in their work or are you going to objectively wake the fuck up?
genuinely bad company only this time the packaging has a recyclable logo
I was waiting for the #Russian #Bot accusation...it’s all you ppl got! I’m actually pissing myself laughing at that! It’s over now my friend! Obama might not have a red line but, #WeThePeople do! Ya just crossed it bitch!
Should Dwayne Haskins get the start against the #Patriots? Redskins legend Joe Theismann doesn't think he's ready for the New England defense https://www.nbcsports.com/boston/patriots/redskins-legend-joe-theismann-says-dwayne-haskins-isnt-ready-start-vs-patriots …
Are these the weekends that you're sick or how does this timing work?
I am not allowed on the porch because there's storm damage. I am indoors and dissatisfied!
So cool it. Just cause Nelson and Willock are struggling in one of the worst runs of form we've been in as a team since 2011, doesn't mean that they're playing awful. Nelson's had some great moments and flashes of his insane ceiling. Willock already looks 4 years older than he is
How can you support a president who breaks the law and violates the constitution on a nearly daily basis? #ImpeachmentIsComing
Shambolic interview technique from  Extremely rude and unjust. Never seen her go for the  or any of her cronies like that. Typical cybernatism for  sad. Very sad. But well done  for not getting up and walking out #31stOctober
The Whole Lying Pathetic Corruption Of #BillBarr Exposed.... #ResignNow
Because it’s all a ploy by big corporations to get into your pockets and these celebs are sellouts to the same company. Natural disasters have been steadily declining since the 1900s and climate change is nothing new to human civilization.
People in the US, Canada, and Japan can hide replies that they choose so they get hidden in a clump behind an extra click.
Damn people literally falling asleep on the streets
Marxists? What? More like social democrats in the same vein as the mixed economies and socialists of Norway, Denmark, and Sweden. Yeah, those Scandinavian countries are doing so poorly and everyone is just miserable there! They just hate their universal healthcare, don't they?
Oh you’re right to be stunned. More is coming. Wait till we get the Trump-Putin transcripts.
Both remarks are unbecoming of public officers. I do not condone either of them. But then Trump made the offensive remark when he was a candidate and not yet President.
Look, he thinks women are the only victims of catcalling.
This is the closest that they have gotten to #ANTIFA being terrorists yet they had that chode  putting a bill forwards , yet the #MAGA terrorists have a body count , But hey they're now the  base and they can't alienate their base.
thinking awful things cus rly you’re the only thing that makes me feel real, i lie& regret lie& love
I think it’s ridiculous to pay college athletes, that’s what the big leagues are for and that’s just my opinion
it was 80 today and then in two days it’ll be 58 bitch what the fuck
If every single person did what they could, it souls then stop climate change. The changes must be systematic and government enforced. We must plant million upon millions of trees. We must reduce carbon emissions For the deniers, what are the consequences if you are wrong?
Barr is saving our republic from treasonous Democrats... The Democrat histrionics increase the closer he gets...
{Yeah. Heh,even some of our adversaries might show up. Wouldn't be surprised to see King in the crowd.}
Don’t bother. They send the wrong 2 home. Proper let down
What's your point Kyle? What Barr is doing is getting to the bottom of the hoax you and others portrayed to the American people. We want to know how this started! You all had no problem when Mueller was contacting foriegn countries for help in their "investigation" into Trump.
Often home is sh*t. My son had a gf in this situation. The adults were like nasty children. Abusive. This is where outside support matters. School, teachers. Other parents. I remember telling her her life was like a yardstick, she was only at the 1/4" line yet. Whole life ahead
Republican TRAITOR Stabs Trump In The Back https://patriotsedge.org/republican-traitor-stabs-trump-in-the-back/ …
bruh if the legal age is 16 or 15 or whatever it's for ppl WITHIN THAT NARROW, NARROW AGE RANGE, not for your dusty creepy middle-aged ass to go "oh they're legal so it's okay i can have sexe with this minor :)))"
2 points in 10 career NHL games. 23 year old from Toronto. What is so impressive about him? He would have been traded if he was worth a dick, but clearly he ain’t. So suck it the fuck up and stop bitching.
Its a self sufficient project. Stop crying. Why is everyone so fast to yell scam when they have no basis for it. This is why crypto will never be mainstream in the near future because the community is just so toxic.
Plus, that “corrupt” individual has donated his entire salary for the past 33 months. Shame on him!
No, I don’t think so. It’s just a jury charge that I think has to submitted under the circumstances.
Given your track record you damn near gotta say he’ll never win a game the rest of the season
So the Dems want to impeach the President for wanting to find out the origin of the Russian hoax and the Biden pay to play scandal! This while the Dems have ignored these scandals! Such a disgusting party! Willing to lie and harm the country! Shameful!
honestly i know it’s stupid but as someone who bled through tampons in a crazy fast time and found it uncomfy (then again i didn’t allow myself to get used to it bc i would just bleed through so fast it wasn’t worth continuing), the thought of a cup just makes me nervous overall
Is the City Girls phase over ? You hoes wanna be wives yet or are niggas still 'not shit'?
"Who gets to say if an answer is right?" The axioms of a theory lead to deductive conclusions. This is a rejection of deductive reasoning. Nothing new. Still makes me sick.
Please make your point clearer next time, don’t bringing irrelevant claim and opinion to the table. Rape and gay topic isn’t what I want to be involved with, I’m speaking in a more general term about people should take a chance and try sex if they can, also I’m Bi myself
It sucks when you get out of the worst relationship you have even been in.......meet a brand new bitch....and she has the same traits as that last person......i refuse......
The president's defense in the Senate, must engage, spotlight, and expose the entire course of odious conduct by the president's corrupt attackers, from their first spinning of the Russia collusion hoax,through the latest chapter in their attempted coup.
Still cah believe seh yhu nah pay attention Inna the man class
maggie stans we have to unite and find the person who ruined maggie flowers
 gave me the wrong location so I missed my bus and now they don’t wanna fix my ticket
Ya know, I think Trump tweets too much and says some pretty outrageous stuff, but this kind of shit shows how effective he can be with his tweets and how intolerant and scared of him the left are.
Freshman and JV defeat Althoff. Varsity falls in two to the Crusaders 11-25, 23-25. #bwathletics
A.G. Barr was in on Trump's shakedown demand of the Australian P.M.
The needle tears a hole The old familiar sting Try to kill it all away But I remember everything What have I become My sweetest friend Everyone I know Goes away in the end
Yes, I agree, the commodification of land is wack. FUCK Mao but he was right about that. Land belongs to no one, thus it should be shared by everyone. Of course, private property isn't the same as personal property, no one's coming for your toothbrush.
Even in the darkest hour, you are always on my mind. Good night, sleep tight...♡
Monday Night Football with a stop at the  tailgate with  ! Two teachers living the dream! #gosteelers
Feeling very meh. I hate being unable to sleep. The overthinking starts
I’m dead rn bro. Maybe the worst I’ve ever felt in my life.... no
It would be worth it to get rid of him, but I find that very unlikely. Some republicans in the house and senate have already launched their misinformation campaigns.
Have you messed around with the new variation of D'Vorah much?
the problem is that you can't count on those babies growing up to be white supremacists so you gotta just go for the confirmed adults
“Breaking”???? You people are freaking morons. POTUS announced the joint inquiries with Australia, Italy and U.K. in MAY. You’ll do anything to deflect attention from the Obama admin and Clinton campaign’s Russia shenanigans.
I'm not dressing up for Halloween -- so unfortunately I cant be more like Liz Warren. The Indian paints would make me queasy anyway.
Schiff is as crooked as the rest of them, he needs to be investigated just like the Biden's, AOC's finances, as well as Ilhan Ohmar's fake marriage, jer cheating on her second husband with her campaign manager, and the payouts she was giving the "evil man" she's cheating with!
I think about all the time that in computer programming the development of newer and faster algorithms is exciting. But in other domains, efficiency and optimization can actually be destructive and/or dehumanizing
The ADL is a joke. I see now why people were pissed at the Pewdiepie donation
I miss my old squad. We literally named our group by the name of the person who continuously threatened, and almost broke the group apart.
Villages at Vigneto will impact the San Pedro River. Not even slick PR can hide that https://www.azcentral.com/story/opinion/op-ed/2019/09/27/villages-vigneto-impact-san-pedro-river-cannot-be-hidden-by-slick-pr/2433736001/ … via
Who knows? The Bible changes its story about creation between Genesis 1 and Genesis 2. No one should take it seriously.
He’s not, you are.. nobody believes you guys anymore.. I’m sorry but after blasey ford, russia hoax and countless other mistakes by the media and the left, everyone can see that you’re covering up for corruption.
I used the rest of my long service leave after having children to do my 10 week placement to become a teacher..... it’s slowly building up again as a emergency fund!
The proportions of your face are incorrect and you are also physically weak
Sometimes I re-listen to all of hopeless fountain kingdom by  and when I hear the prologue I remember how the album came out when I was in freshmen year while reading Romeo and Juliet and then I feel nostalgic
I have a new website! I'm waiting for my domain to transfer over.. :< In the meantime, would it be dumb to apply for things/ send out a link to my work, since the domain will be changing shortly? :/
Thus, they are evil ideologues that have almost destroyed what we have known & helped make the greatest country on earth. Accordingly, they must never be allowed to attain total power again, and must be held accountable for their many crimes. It's GO time!
My worst habit might be saying “wow” in Owen Wilson’s voice every single time someone around me says the word.
 PAM. HI. CAN YOU LOOK INTO A LAUREN GOLDMAN'S ACCOUNT? SHE WAS HACKED AND SOMEONE USED HER NAME TO THROW SHADE AT RADIX ONE NIGHT AND THEN **LAUREN GOLDMAN** WAS KICKED OUT FROM BEING ON CHATROOM PSB YOU TUBE. I'VE BEEN ON SINCE THE EARLY DAYS/LAUREN IS A PATRIOT
This world has good nuts. Greta thunberg is successor to jesus. Really. Maybe  is right and the water and air are so poisoned it is effecting the brains of the weak minded like the left.
These “hoes, thot, sluts” what ever you wanna call it be making the loyal females look bad .
Finally got my knives and skins and skis for the winter... Hmmmm what kinda gun is next...?
Damn it’s the last day of September, where did the month go?
So choose your last words, this is the last time 'Cause you and I, we were born to die
That makes sense, people over 45 are really choosing anyone but Bernie, while Warren is even across the age range and Biden crushes with old people/gets crushed by young people.
the squidwards suicide one scared me so bad i didn't sleep that night...
....you do know that  is merely the puppet in use currently- It's actually easy to spot- They all seem to get the same facial looks when the puppeteer goes elbow deep- Watch & see- I promise you can see in their eyes- Their eyes are windows to their souls- #Evil
Thank you POTUS! Just remember the forgotten US workers! Say NO to S386 #ProtectUSTechWorkers
So crazy to me that some people don't quote the Uncle Jemima skit from SNL at least once a day.
Path should not be played often. Grabbing an extra land, especially in the early game for your opponent, can be detrimental in the long run.
Stupid #petextrians wearing black from head to toe at night, hoodie over head, earbuds in, not looking and playing with their freaking phones, stepping into the street against the "don't walk" sign while cars approach. . .
this is not the country I grew up in. If he's working for Putin he should be put in chains. He's like a rat in a cage running on the tread mill. Is he afraid if he doesn't deliver for Putin he'll be dead anyway.
Haha don't worry I'm not . I'm perfectly fine with my my big Nintendo Switch with the longer battery life. I haven't had any joy con problems. If i do, i can just go buy some joy cons from gamestop. Nintendo should have known this was gonna happen. Why not fix the things first
talk to Hungarian jews about it..... the bullshittery gets worse
The dollar is losing its position as world reserve currency. These things take time. Trump is only accelerating the need for de-dollarization. China and US debt to GDP levels are extreme, hence I don't see either Fiat currency superior. Buy gold.
Again, your argument falters. You agree that he did make the request, but you say it was a friendly call, no press or threat. Guess what? There doesn’t have to be pressure or threat, and it can be the friendliest call ever. Just the mere fact that he asked is illegal.
This has nothing to do with morality, they've been after this presidency from the beginning, and they have no right to tie up this country in litigation based on retribution for an election.
-He gives some kind of sugar cube to PL- Do you want to see the extent of my power discharged at that machine? -He turns around, looking at the Tek as he unfolds his blade, he looked angry and the flames on his eyes showed it-
But but.... i need attention... fuck the rest, i can drive and pay for my own food but attention though.
It is difficult to get the news from poems yet men die miserably every day for lack of what is found there.
Can anyone tell me why folks are standing by watching and videoing? Who stands by and watches something like this? Seen a lot of disturbing vids lately and that’s the main question I have. How can u just stand by?
that was the stupidest thing I've seen all day. Thanks
No scrimmages this week. We’ll be playing this weekend in the Dominican Republic.
As Hindus, we all go about our daily lives doing what was taught to us by our parents etc! Not all read and study the holy texts and that is fine as Hinduism is way of life! But people must rationalize what is right and wrong. That is important. If that fails, society fails!
When there's no defense it's either "racist" or De Niro rhetoric! The never ending story!
one of the toughest decisions: when i get a phone call do i answer it because it might be campaign staffers or ignore because it might be a spam call ??
This is the most balanced article you've posted in a while, has this account been hacked?
My professor really gonna upload a whole ass study guide 2 days before the exam? I am... BYE
Imagine considering yourself an "adversarial thinker" yet being so ignorant to think that FairWin is the "only Ethereum app" people are using. It's almost like.. you have an agenda! Hmm...
As as the weather cools down here I'm making meatballs. I make dozens of them at a time and freeze them. There's nothing like coming home to a hot crockpot full of fragrant tomato sauce and big fat meatballs!
I love him too, but the irony is that he’s the head coach. So them being soft is a result of his coaching. Shit rolls downhill
, I just happened to watch an episode of The Affair last night in which Joanie finds info about her mom. What a difficult, layered character, and how skillfully you navigated those treacherous waters. I teared up several times feeling that character's pain.
So, how do you make sure they don’t give you. “Selected “ documents? Who’s to say that they don’t destroy the incriminating ones?
Now playing The Dont Care About Us by Michael Jackson ! https://urbanistic.out.airtime.pro/urbanistic_a
Now Fox has sunk to fake polls. Fox is riding the slippery slope directly into the communist DC dem swamp. Trump is absolutely correct, again.
 hey who did the voice acting for steve when he got hurt?
y do ppl get so hostile when u listen to a leak....babey i bought the album and im gonna stream it and watch the video just like you
was that jadens attempt at lore for a boygroup he should’ve stuck to boy of the month
Takeaway from tonight’s therapy: I seek attention from outsiders , what do I feel I’m missing ? (Social media adds fuel to the fire )
Ptbo Pretends because everything here is swept under the carpets instead of trying to fix it .peterborough pretends its not happening .
What season is it? What season is it? What season is it? Time of The Season - Company of Thieves (Live from Daryl's House) (7:39)
"The Colonies were all democratic governments, where the power is in the hands of the people and where there is not the least difficulty or jealousy about putting arms into the hands of every man in the country." George Mason
Barr must resign, his idea of justice is abhorrent and un-American. He is nothing but a disreputable, unethical, and unscrupulous shyster for Trump. Barr brings shame upon the Attorney General's office and the Department of Justice. If he doesn’t resign, he must be impeached.
What a bunch of little pricks. Oh I cant wait till they mess with the wrong people
This might be the worst Twitter account in existence, and that is saying a lot
I’m not at all surprised at “this devils’ actions. When he won the election...I knew that we all and I mean all were f^*ked in a dangerous way!!!!
History will wrte the facts. Not the alternative facts. It will not be good
Watch ANTIFA Bully Old Lady On Walker: ANTIFA lunatics have shown their true colors by choosing to target the old and ill instead of the actual conservatives they claim to be fighting against. "By the way, we’re currently running our biggest sale… http://dlvr.it/RFDR8G <<-
The amount of times I >make a post >re-read it >realize there's a typo >delete it >repost it Is alarming tbh.
that’s like trying to get a fish to climb a tree.. controls the players, but not their ability, hence the need for transfers which are being blocked and controlled by the board..
Buy it? Seriously though. That’s crappy. The places you write can become like totems.
Someone has to have video of this behavior- that would clear up a lot of the confusion and uncertainty if this is the case
Are there really still ignorant assholes who let their domestic cats outside? Jersey. I thought that was fixed by THE ENDLESS INFO ABOUT PASSERINE DECIMATION BY DOMESTIC CATS. I have to assume most human English speakers can’t read. The alternative is...
Fairly certain I had food poisoning over the weekend. I wouldn’t wish that on my worst enemy. Just awful.
2017 Leo Season, day of the Aquarius full moon I watched 11 couples break up on Facebook and then my partner at the time broke up with me. Idk what the fuck that was
I think that the retail market is completely over saturated, too many stores and no one has any money.
So all these boycott Mal*ysia things is about we spitting the real truth????
It’s why the electoral college exists. The founding fathers worried that the bumblefucks of America were not capable of governing themselves. The electoral college was created to save us from ourselves. It failed. Miserably.
Doing my part for the big sendoff. And no, it’s not the OG album art. #illuminations
Ron Wood was probably a runner-up to Keef for most-admired in 1981, so I was crestfallen this Zemaitis from his early years with the Rolling Stones didn't get more prominence.
Jim why weren’t you screaming for impeachment of President Obama for giving Americans the worst government run health care?
She’s not paid by the taxpayer to call out racism is she?
So, there will soon be a story about him committing suicide? Found with 2 bullets to the back of his head?
Them starting this fake whistleblower impeachment hoax tells us Barr and Durham are over the target and about rdy to start dropping bombs.
man wtf how come y’all can tweet the corniest and horniest shit ever and i can’t even rt a lil porn
for some reason im eating mashed potatoes with chopsticks, did the same thing with tuna earlier. my thought is im doing it to trick my brain into thinking im eating more than i really am.
Britain seems like an absolutely hell scape at the moment with Brexit and the fear mongering around trans people it would probably be a really awful place to live at the moment especially for somebody like me
So it’s been just trump and the clintons that have lied?
I hate seeing women blame every woman for the choices her ain’t shit man make, at what point do you hold your nigga accountable and realize that it’s YOUR nigga
More hurtful than the damage already inflicted upon our country BECAUSE of Republicans and  ? #ImpeachmentNow before it’s irreversible.  #VoteBlueToSaveAmerica
The snitch is a government spy for the democrats, must be criminally charged as a traitor to the homeland.
【買取】THE RAMPAGE THE RIOT 求:LIVE TOUR 2020"RMPG" Kickoff Meeting イベント応募シリアルコード 譲:～1,500円程度 アルバムをご購入される方でシリアルが不要の方がいらっしゃいましたら是非お声掛けください。 ランペ ランペイジ
I'm sorry you think the elders of zion are running around policing the internet but we're not. We're eating bagels and stuff
the fuck is the iPhone defense? what are you even talking about.
C'mon grow some cojones! Tell them to stick it and ur not going to cooperate with the witch hunt! That is what ur master would want!
no Megan I did not mean to vote “I’m interested” on your insta poll about some pyramid scheme product your trying to sell me. I was swiping through the stories to fast and you placed that poll right where my finger slap. get out of my DMs
The working title for my paper: Revolt, Repression, Rejoinder: European Interventionism In Crete, 1866-69
just in case anyone was wondering i fucking hate cancer and the fact my brother in law has just beat it but is now finding out that the likely hood it’s back is the biggest load of shit ever!! why do horrible things happen to the best people
Someone is whining about followers the same way an attention deprived teen would. Oh wait, he is attention deprived from daddy.
Is today over yet? What else could go wrong like what the fuck.
As I'm sure most of you are aware, at the beginning of the year, my dog (Tia) died. I still miss her greatly and there isn't a day that goes by where I wish she was with me and that I could spend more time with her.
Chinese Backed Coup Attempts To Overthrow Trump: Alex Jones breaks down the propaganda against the Americana ideals and move to overthrow the will of the people by impeaching President Trump, and their deep ties to the Chinese government. "By the… http://dlvr.it/RFDR6Z <<-
rev really the type to get hated on for just breathing
Crypto Panic: Blockchain and the Retail Industry: What the Future Holds http://dlvr.it/RFDR5D Crypto Cashflow via → http://cashdaily.pro
No halloween layout but I have kanroji and nezuko instead the two most wholesome girls
Church of Sweden Announces Greta Thunberg ‘Successor’ Of Jesus The CoS is notoriously liberal, elevated the first openly lesbian bishop Until 2000 was the state church The US has never had a state church The Left has the church & state problem https://www.dailywire.com/news/church-of-sweden-announced-greta-thunberg-successor-of-jesus …
Or because she steals drugs from the hospital. While on a leave of absence. To rape people. #gh
Not gonna try to predict the new Sentai trademark this time but the Kanji offers a number of vastly different interpretations, my favorite of which roughly translates to "Devil Advancement."
#MarvelousNews Photo Of The Day - Next Stop By Nerdyeggroll http://dlvr.it/RFDR5l
It’s your opinion if you hate the game your welcome to it but understand thier is going to be others that are going to adore the game and you can fight for it to be removed from the store for Todd Howard to lose his job all you want
Nicole was the most humble LEAST entitled person in that house! Hell she dosent even have a car! You just needed the money to pay your plastic surgery debt!
No tienen tipo alguna serie que verían mil veces sin aburrirse? Definitivamente Sex and the City es la mía
Wow!!!! Lots mores coming soon. Barr in Italy with Bannon is part of the ridiculous #Qanon conspiracy bull
I completely missed them patting themselves on the back for not paying for the most expensive options possible.
Zen ate the last piece of the domino's pizza. Shame on you
The biggest story thats never been written in boxing is THE POWER OF THE BLACK FANS MONEY IN BOXING! We always hear about the latin fan base and their spending but never about black fans and them spending millions of dollars on fights every year...
Chief electoral officer Shailendra Kumar said on Sunday the block development council polls will be held along party lines on October 24. It is the first time these polls will be held in the state, with the situation in the past never deemed conducive.
At this point; I couldn’t give a fuck what comes my way. we gon just roll with the punches
the fucking girl from senran kagura and filia from skullgirls make no sense either
hahah...welfare? I wouldn't take it if I needed it. My family is full of college profs and teachers....my grandfather wouldn't recognize the current politics and he wouldn't agree with the left/dems at all and he was a school dean at U of I.
 how many kore children have been detained and separated from their parents at the border, how many more have died?
I'm clucky and all my pals are clucky. Fingers crossed we all get preggers round the same time so we can all freak out at motherhood at the same time
5./ But crucially extremely difficult for protestors to disperse amid tear gars, water cannon etc attacks bc no quick escape - all the while using MTR to transport and station riot police (!)
I never believed people when they said their bones hurt when it rains but my back is killing me from where I got the epidural right now
It's bizarre that they think the press wouldn't be all over it if it were true. They really want people to believe EVERYONE but them are liars. It's surreal. But Gym's a pederast, so you can't believe a thing he says.
no point arguing with someone who completely missed the point. her last two brain cells aren’t working at all.
I have such a bad memory I forget everything when it comes to belongings so having to remember mine and the babies is honestly so much! I always forget something.
*.... was just standing there snapchatting everything.* *writes the caption: "I see why you never attend the shinpaku alliance meetings"* *send to: Stupid Pretty Boy *
mentally preparing myself for the hate tweets superm and nct are going to have when jopping comes out
Follow the ... it was the Clinton Foundation that is the evil player! Pay to play!
It’s kinda cool but kinda not that I’m one of the only ppl inside the country club on Monday’s (incase anyone was trying to set up a time for murdering me)
 will now make a rule to ban players from leaping over the line, period.
Malaysia Stock Market Poised To End Losing Streak: The Malaysia stock market has moved lower in consecutive trading days, falling almost 10 points or 0.6 percent along the way. The Kuala Lumpur Composite Index remains just beneath the 1,585-point… http://dlvr.it/RFDR57 RTT
Trump should be hand cuffed and send to jail immediately! He is crazy.... his people offering $50000. to find the Wiesel blower. He also wanted to start civil war. Those who support him are not any better. You have no principles, when AG is corrupted Who do you complain to?
Vontade de pegar esse vídeo e esfregar na cara de quem diz que o video do homem na lua é fake pq a bandeira tá tremulando.... Putting a Flag in a Vacuum Chamber to See if Flags Can Wave on the Moon https://youtu.be/_F0ZZ8Nus1Y via
My  OfficeJet can print up to 29ppm... after dozens of seconds of shuffling various mechanisms around. It's really frustrating when you're trying to run out the door.
As long as the fake-news media keeps spinning absurd, breathless lies 24/7, many people will never wake up. They will never stop believing what they consider to be the “real” news industry. Many young people have never known (what used to pass for) “objective” news reporting
funny you only fw the dirty bitches, go catch an std, hoe ass.
Obvs the slash was unintentional. I do agree he should get suspended for a few games but he was tackled to the ice by a ref. Ref didn't handle that well either.
For the past 50 years we've had non-white nationalist immigration policy, & a barrage of Semites attacking white men's interests on every front, while shrieking when any criticism comes their way. So I'll pass on this pointless 'conservatism', & look out for kith/kin.
How sad has this race-baiting, fake racism thing gotten lately? I guess despite what the mainstream media pushes racism is so non-existent that is has to be made-up now. Over and over it happens. If you mention what race is doing it to what race you immediately become a bigot.
Hacked Seattle road sign says ‘Impeach the Bastard’ | Q13 FOX News https://q13fox.com/2019/09/25/hacked-seattle-road-sign-says-impeach-the-bastard/ …
Lol no actually I didn’t. He did try to fight me like 2 weeks ago in the club tho. I’m weak as fuck now
My ass woke up with drool running from my mouth as the flight attendant asked if I wanted a drink I’m weakkkk
Praying on the next chapter in my life... lowkey highkey petrified what is to come but I won’t hold back anymore
She is doing the only thing she knows to do, which is spreading her lies about the President...
It’s because the Democrats are making things up as they go this is a travesty against our president this is the election meddling disgraceful the American people voted for Donald Trump we will vote again in 2020 #Trump2020LandslideVictory #Trump2020Landslide #MondayMood #MAGA
Thanks. I'm taking a sick day tomorrow in the hopes of beating it quickly.
I know that Miss Morton, only make them to Bath with his opinion, for shame!" said he, "by the subject.
This letter was shown on breakfast TV news here in Melbourne, just over an hour ago! Our government as confirmed reports that trump pressed our PM to look into origins of Mueller report! The whole thing absolutely stinks!
The medicine I'm on is making me feel constantly full, which sounds fine in theory (kinda?), but it's uncomfortable. I feel sick after every bite of food.
THE GOD HAS SPOKEN HE S O M E H O W APPARENTLY DOESNT CARE
Injustice is frustrating as hell! I am so angry, but I still trust the plan. They (White Hats) are a hell of a lot smarter than I. WWG1WGA
Doesn’t the mistake of fact law, contribute to why they allowed the castle doctrine? Mistake of fact in a homicide case is just dumb!!!
apparently, for today, you file the grievance with me!
The operative words are 'glue' and 'Victimization'. #realDonaldTrump is the weakest link between #TrumpRegime and the #GOP (Grand Old Party), aka Republican party. This a grave and shameful ordeal for both.
How can the NFL choreographers get people to tune in tonight? Looks to be a boring game.... What trap have they set for this evening?
the fucking chaos in this song it’s just so detailed & excellent omg
Vincent Perotta questions Hotch as to the meaning of "some people [from extremely abusive and violent households] grow up to become killers."
It WILL be bitter, and it WILL be the end of this family’s criminal behavior
Yeah, he trademarks are with what’s supposedly the most corrupt and unfair trade country in the world. Isn’t that what Trump keeps telling us, how bad China is? Apparently not that bad. And what’s worse, policy is being shaped to benefit Trump family pockets.
Livin’ life like someone left the front door open. If you spot me, please contact my humans. My mom cries ugly and my boys are lost without me. Lost Date: Saturday Sept 28 Bird Name: Alfred Bird Type: YS Green Cheek Conure Location Lost: Area of 82/York, North Royalton 44133
The GoT show writers just had niggas dyin for no reason man, so many characters they killed off just be livin in the book
What up  nation here is a project update article I published today on medium, it's purpose to introduce everyone to the $SNTVT project and its scope/goal of what the hell they got cooking as I start to delve into their cure for the ill internet! https://medium.com//the-octopus-that-will-cure-the-world-wide-web-a19a5a56487d …
You kno the anxiety’s bad when u have to listen to sleep hypnosis :)))
i always forget everybody doesn't live in hollywood and have to watch every trailer and see every billboard clockwork orange style with your eyelids peeled back but i thought booksmart was all over the place
And what was Trump doing about it? Talking to Ukraine to see if they had any dirt on the Dongfeng and its son?!
So the protesters have more rights to block the street, holding up people going to their job or even women in labor than the people that use the street the correct way and drive?
name 1 city in Montana off the top of your head don’t cheat
Kitty curling might elicit that characteristic “currrr” if your furry friend purrs like granite over rough ice, but it’s just pass-the-cat on a polished wood floor. No bumps, no sweeping to partial melt, no strategy beyond the skip’s release.
 from today's episode I wana tell  what's wrong with u plz write for us senario not Indian drama n we need sultan out of the show whatever you do just fix it up #cukur #sirakimde
i find it disgusting how people think flipping the straw from someone else's cup and drinking out of it is okay..
Move Harrison to the right, as he can’t cross so may be better cutting in and beating a man, Costa on the left to allow low dangerous crosses, Roberts in to drive through centre, drop Klich back, he’s not a number 10.
FIRST OF ALL drop ur spotify i wanna listen to these second of all coming down-halsey (woo) nine in the afternoon-p!atd (mingi) bad liar-selena gomez (yeosang) bubblegum bitch-marina and the diamonds (san) wild-troye sivan (yunho) jesus in la-alec benjamin (hongjoong) ++
Finally done made it to my destination and I am tired then I get here and almost had a heart attack I thought this damn iguana was dead he was laying on his back with his foot in the air I had to stick a hanger in...
4./ spread fear about protestor violence - give press conferences about intel suggesting protestors will “resort to terrorist like activities” and send vague but ominous text to everyone in HK implying the same
 I am in the Nepean riding. I can't find any debate among candidates. And no one has come to thr door. Fell like I am voting Blind!
To use VAR for that is a embarrassment, it's that bad, he should be suspended for that it was shocking, yes arsenal will be thankful for the point but it ruined the celebration for them
they can or any power 5 conference can leave the ncaa. its only a matter of time.
Did y'all see the hot mess that called Lizzo we'll see for yourself. I put the tweet in my Tweet. If y'all missed it.
Who heard of the Swamp only 3yrs ago. Back then most Americans would call it another conspiracy theory, equal to an Elvis sighting. Yet now no one can deny it exists. It maybe Trump’s greatest accomplishment in showing it to us & how dangerous they are & could destroy America
Yep. I wonder if the code name was Tommy Aw shit! I need to go back and watch the episodes when Proctor and Benny would be talking.
 The fossil fuel lobby is hiding behind a new disguise - . They fund climate denial, run greenwashing campaigns, and oppose real climate action. Reject their attempt to continue unbridled fossil fuel expansion.
Do ppl honestly think “minus well” is correct? I hate hearing the dumb shit
These white people need to be in camps and re-educated as to why ALL white people of today are the worst people on the planet ever.
why not go back to the beginning - when government officials were farmers, merchants, lawyers, journalists, etc. And took no pay. Today all politicians should pay 100% tax on their earnings. After all, it's a privilege for them to serve ...
Surely these govts know of the long term consequences of assisting a criminal US presidency on its way out. Then again ...
They lost seats in the next election, Gingrich was no longer speaker. I would also wager had it not be Clinton's second term, he wld hve been re-elected
Well, tbh we kinda are the disease. We act as if we rule the nature, like we can control life and death. We are killing the enviroment, animals and our own unborn babies. Humans are becoming monsters and we might need a new start just like in the Old Testament.
gon waking up in the hospital after almost dying from his fight with pitou:
Well, you're just as bad, Barr, as the rest of them, not one smidge higher.
What barr is doing is not an abuse of power. They are preying on the ignorance of the general public to sling dirt
TRUMP IS DOING ALL HE CAN TO TEAR THIS NATION APART. THE NORTH AND SOUTH DID NOT WORK OUT WELL AND TODAY HE IS THREATENING A NEW CIVIL WAR?
I literally told you. I’ll tell you one last time. Pay attention. They said in the article the law was just changed. That was a lie. They said the Whistleblower used an updated form to report with changes. IC IG tonight said that was a lie.
i get all the virgin bitches so weak for me kik sessions - queenjessica69x #findom
 Gavin Newsome giving athletes the right to earn money from endorsements . So now do the homeless , feces , rodent population ,disease, infrastructure , like dams .crime . You know those pesky things that don’t make him look cool.But he got to sit with what’s his name.
I was eighteen years old, stationed in Thailand with the USAF. I didn’t get to vote for Gerald Ford because I didn’t know what an absentee ballot was. Later, while at home on leave; I stood in a line hundreds of feet long, to vote for Ronald Reagan. Joined by my school teachers.
What kind of mean shit does The Pattern have to say to me today?
Dak Prescott loses to Teddy Bridgewater and the saints! How are you supposed to be a title contender and lose to a backup QB? #dakprescott #cowboys #cowboysnation #fantasyfootball #nflupdates #nflnews #sports #memes #meme #memes #memez #memer #espn #nfl
If you first stumble onto and embrace the virtues of non-violence because you're uncomfortable with, or perhaps feel threatened by, people saying they'll punch a Nazi in the face, you may want to go back out and come around through front door. #AntifaDomesticTerrorists
I hope it's not a... know what? Forget it. I tried to make a smoking spelling joke, but I can't for the life of me misspell smoking. *sigh* The stupidity hurts my frontal lobe lol
I'm just aughing , as much as it sounds ridiculous it's the f truth
I watched a documentary about young girls that get enticed into the business. It's truly heartbreaking.
These crossovers are getting nuts Trontasic 4 the Undiscovered Dude
before or after the WB complaint? what was the relevance?
Can double as achievement and failure depending on the day sldksksk
Hell he need do dat in a game 0-3 ??? Do better or I'm going to the Browns
I did literally buy it tonight, just letting the over worry in me spill out into tweets.
Especially on the episode that Damon gets trapped with Bonnie in the 1994 prison and Elena is sitting in the grave yard thing crying out for him and she can’t see him sitting next to her gets me everytime
When it seems like you can't trust half the people in government, trust the historians! #twitterstorians
Hey, at least you woke the fuck up! At least there's that.
Simple  there is NO whistleblower it’s a coup by the deep state using a phony narrative to push their agenda
Those wanting to change Civil government have two potent and terrible enemies – God and the king.
I hate going for clips and people sweat dawg.. we ended up in the same box and this mf one pumped me I’m reporting
No, he doesn't. No one wants to be grouped with Andrew Johnson & Bill Clinton in the history books.
Think about the Clinton conspiracy post. It was projection. He probably killed himself, but he was probably allowed to.
Drunk Amanda deleted an app from my home screen on Saturday and I can’t fucking remember what it is for the life of me
I didn’t say that. I said there are thousands of people who’ve worked hard in the last 3 years to bring us to this point. Why do you think Pelosi is the Speaker right now? It’s not because a bunch of snarky tweeters with a big audience have been pontificating. WE knocked on doors
who the eff is paying for all this? Taxpayers paying for these nuts to chase conspiracy theories?
Never beat it tho, don’t plan to either cause it’s shit. You can say I got sold short especially with the previous games lol
2./ dampen turn out cont. Step up escalation of the crackdown per Sunday, including searching Hong Kongers for ID, protest equipment pre march, using undercover cops to infiltrate protestors. Raid shops that sell gas masks and arrest owners.
I said it before, what is wrong with Americans not helping them instead of just taking pictures. Is this what are country has come to! How many are brainwashed by the Left, the Media and so called Elites of tinsel town.
Damn the only way to get Signal to tweet is to go out on the deck But these Lake mosquitoes are big enough to carry passengers
All the death around me has reminded to take 10 minutes a day to meditate and untune from the physical world we have to perceive everyday... It's also reminded me that psychical time is short and valuable.......
But don’t get me wrong, it’s going to come out one way or the other, if Barr’s investigation is a sham, it’s the end of him & Trump. If there is actually real evidence leading here to weed out corruption, then it’s going to change a lot of things. But either way, it will come out
and we would complain about no double pump the good old days
Australia too! You're so out of the loop on what's actually going on it's hysterical!
I want nothing to do with the Big 12. The Kansas State-Oklahoma State game was on ESPN+. That isn't that expensive, but the idea of not being on a regular channel/network is so LongWhorn, that it makes me ill.
just because i like the vibe doesn’t mean i want you to be my man, you niggas are weird
I wouldn’t have killed him either I had to let this grasshopper out of my car today the window was cracked enough for him to get in but he couldn’t get out
—No puede evitar soltar una risa, y acto seguido asiente. No es que ella sea amante de lo gratis, pero sí es fiel defensora de los valores.— ¿Te apetece una copa de vino?
you still dont get the point. when you stun the animal, do you think it feels good. you are saying give it pain but do not prolong it.
papers of Nikola Tesla;. Trump reviewed and analyzed the papers of Nikola Tesla when the inventor died see what it was?:
Europeans enslaved eachother. Europeans have been enslaved by Asians. The Irish were treated like African Americans when they came to the United States. You clearly do not know your history. Slavery has been a sad part of the worlds history since its beginning.
my annoying ass adores you forever the Tokyo to my Nairobi.
Is it shocking anymore? We are now Liverpool of the 2000s.
spent a good 30 minutes deleting over 2000 pictures and videos from my phone because I’m running out of storage, went to recently deleted to permanently delete them and ACCIDENTALLY CLICKED RECOVER ALL. RAGINS NO THE WORD
large brimmed hats r just stiff skirts for the head !! i hate the holes tho >://
The bad boy finale. GCW: Curtain Call    #CurtainCall #ByeJoey  https://www.fite.tv/watch/gcw-curtain-call/2p0un/ …
An elk attacks a woman what are the men doing there running away what has happened to the men nowadays.
Why the fuck did I think Isaac newton was alive in the 1800s
That’s why females needs to own up to being hurt heal herself then she can talk to somebody. Whatever the last did your next shouldn’t go through it
I decided I’m going to make a horror oc except the account won’t be ready anytime soon and it will probably flop anyways
Go to the whistle but you cannot lift the player off the ground and slam him like that. There are rules against that now. Understandably so
She keeps moving the goalposts on the damn icon I’m conVINCED she just wants us to suffer Chloe why
#StaceyDash arrested for domestic swirling and battery. "I was in a movie called 'Clueless'" Oh yeah? Get your famous ass in the squad car nigger. Throw them hands at your prized colonizer husband, your ass is going to jail. #RealityCheck
still a few months before my license expires and I’m already dreading that trip to the cesspool known as the DMV
Trump won't resign if offered immunity. That is not the the way and mindset of a narcissist. Trump will do absolutely everything and anything to prevent appearing wrong. He will set the place on fire to stop being removed from office including blaming his family and friends.
A lot of them they just want to live and they have already learned not to fight .U can't awake them . And china would really kill us if we try to awake them.we can't even be safe in hk. With those riot police. Most importantly the world won't help.
Pop-up pavement parking on West Green Road N15 - on the stretch of pavement from Langham Road junction toward West Green Common - on 30th September 2019. Not sure if a regular thing. But I don't regularly #walk this way. One for Haringey &  to investigate. #Haringeyquiz
And I.. Am... Iron Man. Thread Over. You’re all dead I killed you I win thread over. That’s the full quote from the movie.
I would like to know why this even happened this is a very old woman trying to get across the street and then you have these thugs I mean thugs in front of her with their feet in front of her wheels where is America these people all should be arrested immediately.
These the type of niggas that hold bitches hostage and break phones because tHe PuSsY iS tOo BoMb
Unreal leadership from a QB in his second year as starter. Not only has the skill but has the poise, leadership and confidence. I’m upset the Lions lost but he is something to watch and seeing it live was one of the more incredible things I’ve witnessed in sports.
 don't ban vape flavors just because other people fuck up and and use the wrong shit
'YOU ARE RUNNING OUT SPACE' screams my phone, as I add 1 millionth meme to the collection.
And of course the #FakeNews is giving him cover so that it appears NO ONE IS OUTRAGED AND NO ONE WANTS HIM TO RESIGN. The reality is, most Trump voters are outraged want him to resign. Fake news will tell you no one wants him to resign. Wrong! Schiff MUST RESIGN...!
Former GOP Sen. Jeff Flake is pleading with Republicans to cut ties with Trump, calling him "manifestly undeserving" of the presidency. https://www.huffpost.com/entry/jeff-flake-republicans-souls-trump-reelection_n_5d922ca7e4b0e9e76050c82f?ncid=engmodushpmg00000004 … via
Who gives a damn that she is 12! Someone could have gotten hurt just like with Smollett and the football player in Atlanta! The problem is "adults" and the media http://who.play and feed into stereotypes are the guilty ones and create this climate!
Ten minutes to show time, give or take. Describe how your feeling on stop one of the biggest week in wrestling (gifs only) #RAW
The worst part is that with the impending return of Bellerin, KT, Holding & Lacazette it’s difficult to see us not playing CL football next season. Giving the board a legitimate reason (in their mind) to extend Emery’s contract.
And why does he want to sell books? To further educate the people who read his feed. You may find it annoying that he's trying to sell his book but it's pretty annoying obnoxious for anyone to tell anyone else how to handle THEIR twitter feed. Instead of whining just unfollow.
yaysatan: All the other words I have for you are worse. https://tmblr.co/ZFs-uv2l8tdYZ
No be 1st October be the breast cancer awareness this thing?
For the Month of October it is Breast Cancer Awareness! Special! https://kristinbailiwickhaircenter.com/f/for-the-month-of-october-it-is-breast-cancer-awareness-special … via
With what?? This shit is Hilarious!! Ironically, some dummy felt the need to screenshot this to my husband after seeing it in my story. Making assumptions will ALWAYS make you an ASS!! This meme was…
This just in: poor people don't want education or healthcare and that's why we're not in the middle class, it's not like it has anything to do with money
Realy dude? This is a 3 year old kid who is a fan of starwars and you are going to spew your hate speech? Uncalled for and shame on you. Low blow dude, leave the politics out of it and respect the fact there are young kids who enjoy your work.
Sadly, it's not clear enough for the Left. Mainstream pundits will still defend these thugs
HIGHWAY TO THE DANGER ZONE BY KENNY LOGGINS HAS BEEN PLAYING IN NY DREAMS A LOT LATELY. FUCKING WEIRD!
I can't judge Emery In terms of Pepe poor stat, same wing, same time, more players , get the ball often so what else do he needs to proove himself
Is it bad that the first thing I do when I get home is get comfy and crack open a beer?
This should be good news....the only way the opposition can take over is working together in order to get the numbers. After this decision, they aren’t working together and therefore the threat of a left wing take over fades away.
We know the #DesperateDemocrats are losing in every way!
I saw photos of Ebuka in Manchester and it took me a while to understand how that was possible. I mean, was he not on the ‘live’ veto power eviction at 7pm?
Just had two men of equal status imo address me with a "Hello Beautiful" less than 5 minutes apart. I almost screamed at the first one but returned a salutation to the second. There is a fine line between street harassment and being mannerly and that line is spelled T-O-N-E
NO! NO! NO! I WANT THIS MOTHERFUCKER PROSECUTED! HE DOESN'T GET AWAY WITH ALL THIS SHIT FOR 3 YEARS, STRESS US ALL THE FUCK OUT, & THEN GET TO WALK AWAY, WITH OUR MONEY, BECAUSE HE CHEATED TO BE PRESIDENT! FUCK THAT!
Yes - I’m being really annoying about that - but my daughter is on the show and I’m trying to keep her job!!!!
 is confused. You'll be shocked on the 07th of November. Mariga will lose miserably.
He should just do what #HRC did and destroy all evidence and the devices it was stored on. She didn't go to jail, so I'm sure he wouldn't have to.
I just did the math, using the middle Ghost Coins bundle. Expensive weapon blueprints are $9.28, cheap ones $2.14. Vehicles are between $9-10. Attachments are $2.50. Backpacks are $5.14, Vests are $.28, Shirts are $3.43.
I unfortunately have no progress on pc. Fortunately this new cross platform I might switch my psn acc to pc. Although I only bought the dlc for Xbox.
I really thought I would be able to scrape through with my old job for now and get a new one after Aus tour but there is little to no work, the locations aren’t accessible and it’s school holidays and I deadset have no idea what to do
I’m so bored at work I just had an internal debate whether or not I would ask for a picture with Abby Lee Miller if she came in the store. I decided I would.
Which is why everyone fought against indicting Hillary on the title 18 regulation she broke. Anyone who sent her confidential email to her external unsecured server is also guilty! And they should lose their security clearances. And as they say "Full Stop"
Dan Fouts hates the Patriots and will take any opportunity to cast a shadow upon any of them and/or their coach.
i will be the biggest clown in this universe if ** **** it doesn’t drop october 3
THE WAR OF THE WORLDS (2019) TV Mini-series Trailer: Humanity Fights for Survival During an Alien Attack [BBC] https://ift.tt/2mpzEg6
I done got numb to shit . the old me hit the surface & she doesn’t give a fuck .
You’re fucked go look online man, must be something in the water out west
How much of a nerd am I to only understand the Mandelbrot set part of this, and I haven't the slightest clue who this dude is?
I'm not okay with it, I don't support Trump. I made a comparison to Repubs who do worse things than Franken and still remain in office because of the support of their constituents. In others, Franken, like wise, should have remained in office by comparison.
Nah, I mean, the eleven years I've spent married to my wife seen kinda pointless, but they've been that way for the past year, anyway, so....
I understand, and can’t’ tell you how sorry I am. I’m still grieving, hard, for the recent loss of my beloved dog.
woke up at a 2.9, i’m in the shittiest mood already and my entire body is shaking and i’m taking it out on mum and i fucking hate myself. good morning!
Jesus fucking Christ do you go to Moron's School for the Literally Retarded??? You're trying to say the statement is specific to ONE PERSON when an ENTIRE POPULACE uses it as a rallying cry. So they all mean something different but say the same thing together, huh?
6/ abusive matter on its platform, and KNOWS abusers sideload crap into devices, and so, its corporate card and analytics should be put where Google's mouth is. Same for Apple, and any phone companies offering store apps for phones, tablets, and *books. Somebody once told me the
i still cant get over how stupid the infinite tsukuyomi is like the moon is only out for 12 hours maybe and what happens to the rest of the world not effected by the moon?? huh??? stupid bitch
I didnt go to the gym bc my whole body hurts and im feeling nauseous
Here lies Karsen Iberra. He did not everything he did for him to do the job he did. right then
When you’re wondering if some of your stations are going as well as you planned but then a student says, “remember that book from my bag? I used to think it was kinda hard, but today during Read to Someone, Joel coached me on a few of the tricky words and now it’s so easy!”
No one can compare bhagat singh with anyone, he was hang for our freedom, even no deshbhakt oppose his "fansi" Every mother want to born bhagat singh but no one wants to born gandhi ji, that's the fact, do survey on that We look bhagat singh inside you not gandhi
I am so embarassed you’re from the same state as I am. You are so full of crap your baseball caps have skid marks.
That guy saved that plane. It probably would have done major damage on the next circle.
https://www.twitch.tv/spektreplays Gonna be hitting up some more Tarkov today. I am pretty sick and such from the con so no webcam unless im screamed at lol. #twitch
Kmt woody saw the waltzers for the first time and lost his head. Ditched the mandem cant blame him though blowing bo peeps back out on the regs. Toy story 4 sucked ass though. Aliens didn't even get a mention. 6/10
Idk man, destiny has so many problems for hardcore raiders and bungie doesn't seem at all interested in fixing any of them. I'm skipping this expansion for at least a month for the issues to reveal themselves.
  What is being done about the almost $2 BILLION dollars owed for child support in Louisiana? Our children are being neglected by their non-custodial parent and their government officials. Children NEED a VOICE! #endfinancialabuse
How about that. Apparently lying to the Queen once, as opposed to lying to the American people more than 12,000 times, has consequences.
This old guy next to me on the t has a palm pilot and a trac phone and I’m so confused
It all makes sense...I mean look at the reasons, facts, and statistics: An actual fanbase, without #PumpingCrowdNoise. An ELITE QB. A Hell of a Head Coach. A owner who doesn't put you on false dreams and hopes. Not having to draft digging annually. The list goes on
Nothing as beautiful as an Aurora with the Center of the Milky Way as a distant witness. #aurora #auroraborealis #auroras #northernlights #northernlightsphotos #iceland #icelandtravel #green #fall #milkyway…
And  wonders why fans are frustrated with the correspondence coming out of the club's HQ. Couldn't be more stale and vague if it had come from a politician. Response to Gold Coast Suns AFL assistance package http://m.afc.com.au/news/2019-09-30/response-to-suns-assistance-package.mobileapp …
if you hear someone say something was “off the heezy”, in two-thousand nineteen the year of our Lord... DONT TRUST EM
#California is suffering today after fatal shooting. #POTUS, stop the bloodshed. #BackfireTrump
If you can intimidate your own countrymen can’t imagine how you intimidate and pressurize foreign leaders who depend on American aid. Lots of people are saying Lock up the Mafia Don for crimes committed
Sure won't be in the murder capital of our country.....CHICAGO
Maybe they shout Amen because they know they are guilty yet have been declared NOT Guilty by the stripes of Jesus?
4/ to put THEIR corporate cards up as the trial ID card, and watch and see how FREAKING FAST Google descends upon those mischievous thieves. To make it work, Google's card would be the one billed, and then Google bills the customer who is this shielded. It's analogous to if you
I mean the people who insisted it wouldn't have been competitive and the PPV numbers would be in the 100's.
A con-man's narcissistic construct of what he thinks the world really is. Sadly.
Unless the negotiations also result in exile from our country, and ban him from all social media, that’s not good enough.
I'm 37, and absolutely guilty as hell of this. Have been for way longer than the past four years. I started forcing myself to start listening to new bands though, and it's been pretty great!
no one in the LGBTQ community other than those traitors in the Log Cabin Republicans claim him
She served me shit on a platter. Heart attack and baby dont cry on the ONLY ones that did their job
What Army..who is going to deploy the Army, Trump? These cowards are going to walk into churches, colleges, movie theaters and shoot. Places they think the enemy hangs. You think they are going to form an army and pick a general. This is not a game.
Right, The whistleblowers own complaint says he never heard it directly. They even quote Newspapers as sources.
Nggak gitu juga sih. My point is focusing on the musicians and the regime as a whole, not only the president himself as a person. Or, you have another argument beside "sarap"?
You implied that she’s an “asshole”, which is quite different than simply being unlikeable. And no, but when you ask someone why and they can’t come up with anything, seems like the hate is coming from an issue within yourself and not from this person who you supposedly “hate”
Can we address the smoking elephant in the room here? the political will for these actions comes from? Actual concern for health? Or massive lobbying spend by tocacco companies using their one remaining asset to keep their poisonous product on the market: bought politicians
Nah this nigga in The Strangers 2 is the biggest pussy ever
Can it still be a cover-up if the president doesn’t realize he has anything to cover up? https://slate.com/news-and-politics/2019/09/donald-trump-stupid-watergate-does-he-realize-what-hes-done-wrong.html … via  Even John Kasich said: "Pres. Trump Hasn't done Anything impeachable'
in this online lecture my prof's cats can be heard fighting in the back lmfaooo
The Cult Next Door is a poignant study of lives lost in Aravindan Balakrishnan's bizarre parallel world: review' | via ://www.telegraph.co.uk/tv/2017/01/26/cult-next-door-poignant-study-lives-lost-aravindan-balakrishnans/ …
They are hoping to avoid the conversation until we are all dead. The MSM will not TOUCH ANY thing on this topic at all. Not even to mention it. Have they been Warned to be silent? I betcha!
oomf stealing my exact tweet with a different member sends like baby it’s still the same tweet
i will never open this godforsaken app again in my life but im glad the writers just said "fuck it we can get away with literally anything now"
Eh. Making a case for one bad corner being better than another not so good corner is hardly a talking point. Ward absolutely doesn’t pass the eye test. And Stafford was starting to bully him.
WHAT THE FUCK THAT DID NOT JUST HAPPEN TO ME. I hate spiders so much fok naai poes.
Nicholas Castellanos had a .321/.356/.646 slash line with the Cubs with 222 plate appearances in 51 games after being acquired from the Tigers  trade deadline with 16 homers 36 RBIs & 21 doubles
I feel this thread it's been my worry since the start.
To be clear, no one is arguing about what the ICIG should of done with the second hand whistleblower complaint. GOP is saying the whistleblower can’t even file a second hand complaint in the first place and is hence not protected. The rules you sent me are what does the ICIG do..
Thats what the concealed carry's for Community defense is good shit
3rd grade humor! I expect nothing more from a fan of the zeros.
LOL! No it wasn’t Jackie this time it was this little girl in the nail shop that was cutting up - her momma smh
The solution has never been leaving the country. We should learn to see opportunities where others see problems if not when we leave we will only meet xenophobia forced labour racism slavery harvesting of organs etc. Happy independence Nigeria
You think? We're just suppose to believe this IC IG who worked in the Obama DOJ, on the illegal Carter Page FISA Warrant and for Mary McCord who was in on the General Mike Flynn set-up? Don't think so.
yeah its all opinion like i’m glad u were able to enjoy it!! i just hate how they could destroy my expectations like that, cos idk to me its kinda disrespectful how they can give us something that bad and empty in a time where we have the MCU filled w heart and story :/
But he’s looking for the made up stuff, not the truth.
Ahh, beginning to see a little messaging now. You don't see anything wrong with what Barr did, so you conflate that with everything else and the Stormy Daniels playbook works. At least in your own mind mind. Too bad Trump's bonkers.
4/ the other thing that became clear is we are asking homeless people to share personal information but then we leave them hanging. Workers cannot update them. That’s wrong. You wouldn’t stand for it.
Photography is quite a passive thing. Whatever the narrative was - it might be photographed. But don't get me started on photography or video manipulation.
My sentiments precisely. Why isn’t there equal protection under the law? Why is the Constitution bing IGNORED? What’s happening to the USA It’s being corrupt with LEFTISM The best Country EVER is being DESTROYED & Conservatives are mere spectators
No but Fr tho, thinking about how I wouldn't still be here if my friends werent like here ykno what i mean? And like the distance I've traveled/money spent to see groups I usually vividly remember the time spent with the girlies n not the concert that much
It fasho depends but I’d say for the cost, it may not be worth it for a lot of fields.
Me in a green accountant visor looking at the paid vs free Hell World signups on a dot matrix printer scroll
We hope so, but the GOP sycophants are proving there are no limits when it comes to lying for him and gaslighting their constituents.
Although many of us were children when we first encountered the story, there are themes of genocide, torture, political oppression, censorship and the invasion of privacy. #cslewis #chroniclesofnarnia #humanrights #censorship #privacy
No it’s not it’s a huge price to pay plus we have to cater for mass immigration which has ruined huge parts of the UK. Plenty of nations thrive without EU membership so why not embrace independence and be positive about your country. It’s not that difficult really.
Same it’s one of the anime’s that make me forget I’m watching anime
That would destroy the character of the neighborhood! The $spent fighting against neighbors' decks on alleys so Humvees have clearance would be wasted! It would deny countless residents their right to complain about parking be adversely impacted by everything!
Kinda gross but it’s the only film I could think of Harry Potter up your bum #ruinafilmbyaddingupyourbum
Blah blah blah.... Get back to work at the Hospitals and Clinics...
They would probably know police often respond to OD calls either bc they are the closest or to ensure safety of EMS but may make an arrest if no Good Sam Law is in effect if drugs/paraphernalia are present, OD victim is violent / disoriented once revived, etc.
CORNYN: TOU LYING BLOVIATING OLD TEXAS POPCORN FART! Go back to your sketchy, night-school Law Prof.'s, and ask them what they think of the calibre and quality of your abysmally inadequate,Texas Hill Country Legal Education!Then, do yourself,&America a favour! Keep ur mouth shut!
Projection of the narcissistic Sub Consciousness mind programming The Intolerant unaware person is calling the Tolerant Aware person... stupid. The program is pathological The program is sick
I’m not so fussed about that one. The Kerevi incident is a disgrace through and shows that the system is either horribly broken or horribly biased.
Hi blondie. And tRump committed a crime. YES, asking for the “favor” he did IS a crime no matter how much you Hoople Heads want it to not be true.
Or here's a crazy thought....How about his advisors, ya know like your WIFE, stop enabling him, and do the right thing and cooperate with the investigating committees.
im trying to tweet can you stop tweeting the sound is keeping me awake
No, it is probably too difficult to given the abject duplicity.
I developed a little tool to count carbon from work travel (people had to put in destinations and mode of transport) but it ended up being a bit unreliable & burdensome so it went to the scrapheap. My idea was to move beyond this after a year or two to set an org wide cap. So no.
I recently had a double endoscopy and was completely under for it. I think the worst of it was the anxious waiting beforehand. If you're not going to be out completely, sedation usually just puts you in a really mellow or sleepy state. Good luck on your health journey!
Dear Martha, The war goes badly, we are veterans of the war on Christmas, the battle of Bowling Green, the crusade for prayer in schools, the fight against fake news and making sure our bathrooms are safe from transexuals. Sometimes I wonder if it's worth it. #CivilWar2
While  recovers from surgery, let’s show him how many people are waiting for him to come back and be a leader in the fight. Join me in telling Ady that you’re with him. https://actionnetwork.org/forms/sign-the-card-for-ady/?source=twitter& …
The automatic presumption that religion is a social good blinds us to the innumerable ways in which religion is co-opted by bad actors for massive social harm. Currently, a high-demand, anti-pluralist religion has overtaken our nation, seeking to install theocracy of intolerance.
Well duh of course he is, he's still a part of the ongoing criminal conspiracy and propaganda machine that is actively trying to spin and project those crimes onto their enemies.
Lisa looks so emotionless and like she’s doing a chore in that video from today, I feel so bad for her that fans stop her on the street :-/ please give them space
also, i know y'all hate to hear it, but so little of people's actions are personal to you. like i know it sucks, but nothing is personal. everyone makes actions based on themselves and not on you. like idk. just stop taking everything all personal? i guess that's the point?
The irony would be overwhelming if people around trump were actually executed for treason.
Right after we got off the air today, another story. A 16 year old boy in Tennessee died by suicide, after he was outed on social media. National Suicide Prevention Lifeline: 1 800 273 TALK. There's also a chat feature. Or text "talk" to 741741.
Nonsense FUD. BTG was used for 51% Double-Spend attacks for only 3.5 days in May of 2018, and never again since. (Our hardfork in the Summer of 2018 made it dramatically harder to try, and we continuously monitor.)
Dear President Trump, For the sake of all that is good & holy, please resign. Don’t prolong the embarrassment that you are with unnecessary drama & denial of the obvious. One more American suffering from your incompetence is one too many. Please resign. Yours Faithully, Me.
Miserable attempt to be relevant. He had his day in the 80’s. No longer relevant.
one of these days we’ll forget about the things that other people think
I also wrote down all the things I have overcome...it helped to visually see how resilient I am on paper.... like damn i was literally homeless... in comparison shit really wasn't that bad as i thought.
he felt the pain, now he wants to inflict it on us
“Every series contains layers of story arcs – the overall arc, primary, secondary & character specific arcs, and minor subplots. Use end of a primary or character specific arc to end each book, make as stand alone as you can.” – Annie Acorn – The Editors
Shut up Jim. Go drink your koolaid and leave the adults alone. #TrumpChildren
Trump Hinted at Execution for The Heroic Whistle Blower. He Threatens The People with Militias of Gun Freaks. #GetTrumpsAssToGitmo #AssetSeizureAndGitmo #TrumpsGoingInsane #ImpeachAllOfTheseBastards #RICOPutinsGOP
I KEEP ASKING IF ITS A PRANK AND HE SAID “THE REASON I BARELY TALKED AND KEPT LOOKING AT YOU TODAY WAS BECAUSE YOU WERE CUTE” SHIT HE WAS LAUGJING AT MY CORNY ASS JOKES MAN WTF YALL HELP
I see exactly what’s happening. Godless liberals are destroying our society by wielding an all out assault against the moral structures of Christianity.
Fellow Americans, Veterans, Patriots and Government Officials: Stop Presidential Impeachment Proceedings, Impeach Democratic Members, Investigate Biden. - Sign the Petition! http://chng.it/57Grtmdx via
Oscar the Grouch has had enough of Sesame Street. At least the self-driving trash can provides a new go-to insult GIF
It's so sad!!! Had to put my things away because hopefully we are getting the floor fixed tomorrow.
In comes the new mayor - she's worse than the old mayor. No CPD cooperation with ICE. Looks like #JuicyMullet isn't the only thing stinking up there.
Thats what I miss about Costa Rica all the Soda shops that that have food for less than $10 total.
at the mental health and recovery conversation with . Hearing leaders of our state speak on ACE scores, trauma, and needs of our children is so refreshing.
 the ppl said maybe tomorrow. Maybe in two weeks so i dont know. Lol
honestly no the way she cut me off because i told her to stop causing drama
This is the second song of Hannah that Spotify has recommended to me and HELL YEAH, SIS. GO OFF WITH THE R&B CHILL VIBES.
The #UnPresident should talk to his pal  as he doesn’t seem to realize the House has been working hard on many of these issues; but #MoscowMitch is stonewalling every issue #PartyOverCountry #ImpeachThemBoth
As a recovering student politician - no. No, this is the age where it kicks in.
You don’t need Jordan Peterson when you have Schur writing you through the trolley problem
I use lyft but I catch the illegal ones sometimes shit gotta do wtf you gotta do
From what I understand, the lastest one is created as if no other Halloween movie was made after the very first one.
botei pra for the wicked pra tocar e do nada começou essa ??????1 brendon tem algo que voce queira me dizer
Actually the Castle Doctrine would be for Botham Jean if he shot the armed violent intruder, as was his legal and moral right.
Depressed bitch If ima bitch then I'm the baddest bitch
 I haven’t had service at my house for 3 years. I live in Charlotte NC.there is no excuse for this. I called again today because my power went out and I couldn’t use Wi-Fi calling. I was told the problem would be fixed NEXT YEAR!! Use another carrier!
I was all into the pose, but then that chicken black as fuck and it caught my eye quick!
"Above all, [the Democratic coalition] requires that the poor and working class strata of Blacks who are being galvanized by Jackson's candidacy remain politically passive…” - #FrancesBeal
So I’ve been growing my hair out for YEARS and it’s almost to my hips. I LOVE the length but it’s dead and very hard to manage and always looks like a mess. So I kinda wanna chop my hair off-but I hate how my hair looks mid length growing out. Quite a dilemma
here you i will demonstrate it once again lol.. here you go YOU changing what i said and the meaning and then lying about it... pathological liars are so funny,so arrogant yet so stupid
STOP ABUSING THE TWIN YOU ASSHOLE I WILL SHOVE A SWORD THROUGH YOUR HAIRLINE
I dunno Rudy, is a legal subpoena worse than implementing a policy in the country’s biggest city that targeted poor people and ethnic minorities for misdemeanors with no proven effect on serious crimes? Who was prejudging then? Were those people given appropriate consideration?
I’m so sorry the system has failed you over something that could have been easily resolved
The Texans went 12-1 last season, losing a 13-10 battle in the D2 quarterfinals.
i rubbed off the stickers from my laptop and now I have a big ass blister on my thumb wtf
Bruh I just spent 4 hours in the library doing work I never do this shit at Bing Guess it's time to change my methodology
Threat? Might call police to start the paper trail. Keep pepper spray handy.
#yyctraffic A couple of half-tons have collided on Crowchild. Near 16th Ave/University Drive NW, they block the NB LHL. #TwoPickupHiccup
I *strongly* disagree, Josh. The acid test is, does the reader come away with a better knowledge/understanding of the facts than before? Because Vogel led his readers to believe Rudy had legit reasons to want Hunter Biden investigated, the answer is NO, and Vogel fails the test.
It is interesting because the case turns on the idea of honest but mistake belief that the defendant was in her own home which would involve castle . Jury has to decide what was reasonable
I remember your grandstanding and self-righteous bullshit during those impeachment proceedings. You FAILED and have been nurturing a hard -on for the  ever since then. Rules of fairness???
"But he started it" is not a good defense of four policemen beating a dude who's in the ground. Police should be above letting their aggressions run wild.
The tension is already high and you’re OK with a few fakes adding fuel to the fire?
This time, the baddies will actually comply with the law and behave like the goodies because leave means never having to say goodbye to a life of crime.
I'm deeply worried at the rate house wives kill their husbands at the slightest opportunity...the rate is alarming.
As soon as Trump is out of office, anybody who retweets anything that comes out of his mouth is getting shitcanned from my feed so fast it will make your head spin. As a citizen, I want to know generally what the POTUS is saying, but without that title, he can fuck off.
Looks like the grifting class is trying to get #TrumpsWalkAway trending... smart move to disprove this isn’t an illegal tax fraud operation.
Well all of the cotton died in the fields. The little babies cried the blue from their eyes
Dont waste time arguing with people who make disagreeing with you a priority. Goin back n forth with fools is counterproductive. No one can tell the difference from a distance.
I do don’t see the 13 killing me, why for their comments do the.y, hate and want to kill me?
Riot police in #Indonesia clashed with protesters as thousands of students resumed demonstrations against a new law they say has crippled the country’s anti-corruption agency. #Jakarta #Solo #Makassar #Bandung #KedaulatanMutlakMilikRakyathttps://www.theguardian.com/world/2019/sep/30/indonesian-students-resume-anti-corruption-protests …
Wow- that’s the worst thing huh? I don’t see it bro
I am no fan of rebel media but can’t a member of the public just walk in even if carrying a microphone? Or ask a question at a rally?
Where is the sense of responsibility? Where is the sense of urgency? Fuck this team!
//I'mma scream. I was gonna pick the first person I could find when hitting  I couldn't think of a single person, and it only gave me my own accounts. I'll have to take an L on this one
Rest easy to my shot gun rider, my paripie, my napping buddy & the best puppy ever. Cancer sucks
Of course, once the first complaint was found to be a work of fiction, the left had to crap something containing manufactured 1st person detail.... You've become a useful idiot.
NGL i love seeing all the "wtf why the hell is Adam 1st he' trash!" in comments
Tomorrow's war will be fucking epic. I'm participating in this year's inktober and I hope to make it all the way through. STAY TUNNED
https://www.dailykos.com/stories/2019/9/30/1888835/-Fox-News-outs-two-Fox-analysts-as-working-off-the-books-with-Trump-Giuliani-to-find-Biden-dirt?detail=emaildkre … Fox News outs two Fox analysts as working 'off the books' with Trump, Giuliani to find Biden dirt
wtf tmr is the first day of october and its gonna be 90 out , im ready for fall weather
All that money, and they can't keep constent water or electricity. Maybe he should worry about that instead of hookers. Also keep the area that tourist visit clean. Corrupt!
Dont worry, the tweet was fake. Check the official page, theres nothing about charging money
Holy shit i would wear this to every rave for the rest of my life
It’s not. The Dems are deathly scared about ‘discovery’.
Nice goal post change. We give 13 vaccines in 18 years. If you want to fear-monger about "doses" that brings the number to 54 BUT 1/3rd of those are the annual flu shot about 50% of kids don't get. And she claimed "shots." Not doses. Which means we can take away rotavirus too!
Just saw that part and it was more uncomfortable than Roman masturbating behind the bathroom door while Gerri berates him.
My conservative family is going to cry whenever I come home with a sleeve tattoo for my 25th birthday, I truly look forward to the comments
the European Theatre ribbon, with five bronze battle stars in it (instead of a lone silver one, which was the equivalent of five bronze ones), and the pre-Pearl Harbor service ribbon.
Ex oomf has some of THE WORST wrestling takes I have ever seen in my life
Who the hell voted these bozos in?      #MoscowMitch’s approval rating is only 19% in Kentucky & #BillBarr (Head of the DOJ) is running around committing crimes with & for ! #ImpeachBarr!!
It’s crazy how we can look back a year ago and see how much everything has changed. The amount of people that have left and entered your life and the unforgettable memories you made and the memories you wish you could forget... it’s crazy how it all happened in one year.
THE TRAILER FOR THAT HORROR MOVIE MACKENZIE’S GONNA BE IN IS COMING SOON AND I’M LIVING
I'm no Trump supporter but the first item isn't supported by the transcript or else impeachment and removal would be certain. So either the whistleblower was in error or this Rep lied. Can we confirm which?
#California is suffering today after fatal shooting. #POTUS, stop the bloodshed. #BackfireTrump
 HI Lou I love your show here in NC As a Trump supporter I am thinking with all the Trump hate by the Dems going on where the hell is Crying Chuck not being seen. Well I can tell you that he behind that curtain pulling the strings of the Dems like a puppet master.
I know how strikes work. As i said your way is not the only way.
I’m not going out my way to delete the next bitch friend Ctfu fuck you & her
whatever he is I have yet to see him resort to the appalling name calling personal attacks so loved by you & your nasty lot
My currently top 5: Killing The Dream Fiddlehead Inclination Knocked Loose Anxious
Apparently Adam Schiff was quite the wrestler in her earlier years. #ImpeachmentIsComing #ImpeachmentHearings #hoax
I'm literally on the verge of tears and I'm not even past security send help
It's about time, we the % 3 show up in DC, and stop all this bullshit that's going on!!!
I am working on a poetry book, consisting of brief vignettes. Here's one of them: Walking down A city street; Hands in my pockets; Cold ass feet. Snow clumping Inside my shoe; It’ll melt In a week or two. The kids have boots, That’s what counts. I’ll survive, I don’t doubt.
Online classes but I still went to the classroom :| This time I dont know when to skip or when class is cancelled
This didn’t age well. Turned out to be as much a fraud as the Fraud Squad!
Murder is stipulated in the law and it's a crime. It has consequences. Before that existed, we we're most likely doing it on a regular basis, and even without regrets (if we go back to a certain 'primitive' time). I wouldn't argue it because there's no doubt that it is wrong.
That’s not true whatsoever. I did give Trump a chance. I’ve even outlined how he could’ve been a transformative political figure in a good way. But from almost day 1 he’s behaved in a wholly unethical manner. People who can’t see the danger he poses are ignoring the warnings of
#ClownWorld Crazy world when people blindly believe the establishment narrative covering up corruption
The Ministry of Propaganda in full swing now the conference is in feeble flow...
And considering how secretive the whole Season 3 was, I find it very hard to believe that this news would leak just like that on some random accounts/websites. Have TP fans never heard of clickbait???
Hypocrite Joe Biden held millions of taxpayer dollars over the Ukraine head! Creepy Joe brags about it. When is creepy Joe being removed from the presidential race. Indictment. Remember God doesn't like ugly and your actions against your own country is vile.
No doubt the Democrats's are done. They have dug their grave now building their coffins. I raise my hand.
No ma'am you don't understand. He'd be required by Senate rules to have a trial. He's not part of the problem here.
I put my dick in a bag of doritos and let this nigga bitch suck the dust off the tip
Awwwww How could you not be his friend till the end ?
I'll wager they don't apologize to 2nd Lady Pence for implicating her in this race hoax. She won't be spoken of again until the next time they want to use her for their political agenda.
So yea. I’m the one that accidentally hit the wrong button. And it wasn’t paint dry I hit
Who are you? The Trump Expert! You know everything about him! You know everything he has ever done! ( his whole life) Just ask rob ...he’s the Trump Expert! You’re a joke, Rob! Why don’t you spent 1/4 of the time you do bashing our President and help pathetic Hollyweird
Doesn't affect me in the least. If people are too stupid to cut the cord it's their own fault.
What are the reasons for Caascadian independence, other than the flag kicking ass
I think that Cummings might have planted that rumour so that she would deny it and it would be taken as evidence against the allegation.
Cons are liars and cheats! #MajorityofCanadians pay attention #CPC Conservatives will hurt Canadians just like the Harperman Cons abused public trust, and then the spend $700m taxpayers money self promoting themselves as prudent fiscal managers! #cdnpoli
Kids these days are spoiled. We never had health regen and we fought those demons with whatever guns we stumbled across. In the snow.
I do, but I also think they prepare a specific gameplan on how to attack certain defense. It’s a big adjustment if you have to do that on the fly.
 I'm watching a replay of Press preview on the issue of Brexit .. Stig of the dump comes to mind .. SCRUFFY Brexit.
actually i cant even find her twitter profile what the fuck happened
Where the Fuck are the Police..I hate how much I am losing respect for Law Enforcement. At some point the rank & file have to take a stand.
I got my own problems so what the next got going on ain’t my business
Found this; She reportedly got into a verbal argument with an unnamed man before pushing and slapping him in the face, police told the outlets
But the way they call HSW is different. they call him hasung not sungwoon. I think sungwoon is still okay. K wannable also don't like BJY to be called baejin, call jinyoung instead they said. So don't call them with family name + 1 syllable of their name.
If it's at the beginning of a sentence it's racist? I think the context would clear all this up wouldn't you?
The one time I do give somebody the time it just be a waste.
The exact description of Trump ! Deranged and crazy !!!! He is the reason we have impeachment ! He is a danger to our country and actually a traitor
I have the opposite problem, where I wrestle with passage for so long that I look at a space where I told myself to write a paragraph and just put a sentence in instead. Pros and cons to both approaches, I'm sure. Sorry you get stuck!
Y’all mad at the Gay boy being on Homecoming court but don’t realize he had to be voted into it
 balance the mini to half pot ratio! My God I'm sick of useless mini shields can't survive if your not full shield man.
Are you ok ? The Sponsorship in the last Philip DeFranco Show went from 0 to Creepy Pasta fast as hell.
The comments are worse, it's like an incel lovefest.
It's so difficult to watch, and the parents seeing their kid do that!? I want to hear what they say.
tomorrow... must sleep... but tomorrow i will experience the pain and i will enjoy it
Joe Biden should not be free to walk the streets of America. #LockHerUp
weird fact about myself, i peel the skin off my slim jim’s before i eat them
Emoluments is the only route to resignation. Trump might resign to prevent investigation of and disclosures regarding his businesses, financial records and taxes. Anything else, he will just lie and create diversions.
So... it's OK for cops to murder the undocumented? As long the victim isn't white, of course.
I would pick China but we can't even see our real enemies when our media/CIA is distorting our view of the world.
No one screams at the workers you dipshit People who actively eat there despite knowing how shitty they are get screamed at.
// I’ll bet the insurance people would only permit one CGI hyena near Miss Robbie at a time. That, or the other hyena had a really bad agent representing them.
You’re gonna have a phenomenal interview and then you’ll get the job ! No need to panic!
The public wont let that happen. Believe me. I no longer want to live here if they do.
Me: Hello, Your Benev— Rayfa: You ever think about the fact that your dad is a filthy rebel monster and my mother will absolutely crush him to nothing. He’s evil. You ever think about that. Huh. Bitch. Now get me a snack. Idiot.
Exactly. Not surprising coming from the people who value life spittle that they kill the unborn
A bit harsh - that guy is powerless, if he tickets the "wrong" car, he will be punished by the bureaucracy. This is a leadership problem. Mayor, Police Commissioner, City Council, etc... Not right to pick on this fellow.
The punishment should be severe to protect other children along with their families from false accusations, sadly in this day and age, accusations can ruin careers and lives...
Kendra is new. Kiefer was Kristina’s abusive boyfriend Alexis accidentally ran over on the way to hospital with Krissy who had just been beaten.
"Well as, one judge said to the other, 'Be just and if you can't be just be arbitrary.'" -William S. Burroughs Can't find better words to sum-up the SEC's token enforcement inconsistencies....
And Golden State, San Antonio, Toronto, Cleveland, we’re all rock bottom looong before they started lifting trophies. Your point? 7 first rounders in the next 5 years with cap flexibility don’t sound bad at all!
i accidentally just sent all my mail to junk WHAT THE FUCK
— well, I'm one of the mosy pessimistik depressed anxietic people out here but I really never lost hope, you know,…
Aiight,I’m http://ready.As I suspected upon the album release and the lead single “heartless”,I knew he left rap alone for this album.Just getting it out of the way.
Yeah, so he literally knew what Rudy was up to. He knew what Barr was doing. He knew what Trump was doing. He is complicit in the whole stinking corruption scandals. Welcome, Mike Pompeo to the nightmare of upholding a lawless president.
IM LOSINNGNYMNFUCKIGNG SHIT WT THE THIS_VID2 BIFEOSNISMRMDMD
I don’t love any over the other but I am scared with how they are ranting like lost dogs
my social meter will randomly hit an all time low & i have no desire to talk to anyone.. it’s not even personal but ppl always seem to take it the wrong way.
Where is our Secretary of State? Maybe trying to figure a way out of the mess he’s in.
I always think about that video where he said he’s going dumb and some bitch said wtf is wrong with him and he said “BITCH IM FROM THE BAY”
#DuqueMienteenelExteriorYaquinosCondenaaMorir Siempre con copia a          Read About Colombian news and the corrupted #grupoaval SHAME ON YOU!! #SOSNOSESTANMATANDOENCOLOMBIA
That's true, but 1-not all terrorists are alike. 2-You are not familiar with the nature of mullhas. They have been betraying Iran & Iranian for abt 200 yrs, but had never been in power until the 1979 tragedy when J. Carter back stabbed our king & put Khomeini in power in Iran
im sorry but during an interview with zach sang is NOT the time to bring this issue to hobi’s attention. it’s not the right environment nor person to tell him about it
It took them this long to get anxious about all the crimes and corruption. - Today's .
Just a game to them,the future of humanity is collapsing because of this nonsense
Between The Devil and the Deep Blue Sea is one of the hardest albums I have ever heard.
Gonna start stream back up at 9pm, annoyed because i had 3 good streams in a row with the right settings and i just had to fuck with them
Too bad that is not how the law works. But Barr will probably get out of it because he has the ultimate Bush cabal family protection. He holds too many secrets- not just trump’s!
He's still not doing his job. It's all smoke and mirrors. This admin delays sanctions long enough for operations to be redirected. The sanctions are worthless by then ... impacting little or nothing... somebody fake-winces publicly, but behind the scenes it's biz as usual.
The inherent right to self-defense includes the right to defend the vulnerable from white supremacist pukebags. Do you agree, or is self-defense a privilege reserved for white Christians and white-approved “Good Minorities” who convert to Christianity and shut up about racism?
I here telling myself I ain't even taking it off the card to risk tearing it or sein
I wish I knew some I think I only saw one (then even bought a book and cherish it), so if you're in the mood for something awfully depressing (it's about war and one of them is Jewish) - Aimée and Jaguar
So if I report that I was a victim of a crime and you were the perp, everyone should just believe it?
I have got biscuits flavoured with it, to frighten Swedes with... I should get the actual liquid stuff too?
Climate alarmism is bullshit. The actual science does not back any of it up. It’s the biggest con game in modern history via globalist socialists and statists. Soros, the enemy of us all, support it
Ngl i can’t think too much about it bc it honestly gets me down. Makes me wonder if things would be different if we had access to and shared all the knowledge we lost. From the library of alexandria to the books willfully destroyed under oppressive regimes..
He is mentally ill person. Lost his mind with the weight loss
Remethe old days when only half the Democrats were douche bags.
I'm fairly sure none of this is true. Kirsten was born kirsten elizabeth rutnik, she is the daughter of A doug rutnik, but there's no proof he was involved with any cult, nor that her "real name" is tina.
Oh no that’s not good, I hope they find the person who leaked it because the boys don’t deserve this, it’s not right
New moon alert Yall know what that means, let the old shit go, it's time for something new
Even now I still believe that the place I must head for is the right place. ( #Gachapoid - Yume no Tonneru)
Opening dates of haunted houses in NWA & the River Valley https://www.4029tv.com/article/opening-dates-of-area-haunted-houses/28891551 …
Also, after reading ’s book and speaking with her, I now have a longing to see a film about the Bollywood fans in Peru, and the life of a Peruvian Shahrukh Khan impersonator.
IT’S BEEN A SEPTEMBER TO REMEMBER IN MRS. KIRICHENKO’S 4th GRADE CLASS ! After reading an article about ways to stop bullying, students had insightful discussions and shared their ideas with the class! #SeptembertoRemember
Brissett is doing fine and the least of their worries right now.
He keeps the Deep State in important position for them to hang their selves. She will be fired and have a target on her back.
$10.00, Hell count me in for the ADOS Conference screaming October 4 & 5 2019. https://youtu.be/v2QQdcNJL0M
Engel--you seem unaware of related official investigations by Horowitz and Durham in progress. Prepare for reports on evidence of criminal behavior by FBI/CIA/DOJ/State in starting and executing the #trumprussiahoax. Note research from   .
Chances that such a deal would include immunity for the awful kids, too?
Boys are not worthy of encouragement anymore. Boys falling behind academically isn't a concern. That boys commit suicide four times the rate of girls is just fine. Who needs them?
He was cleared. Hey Newt, what were you doing while investigating Bill’s consensual affair? Cheating on wife #2 with future Vatican ambassador wife #3. Everyone knew what the true story was. Nothing honorable in any republican.
As the event says, whiteness, the social structure built up by centuries of preferential treatment to white people at the expense of PoC, is the problem. That's not the same as saying any one white person is the problem.
lmao bro i’m pissed off at the people that told me my lashes would grow by having lash extensions.
I would microwave my membership card. Close to cancelling the auto-renewal on the damn thing anyway.
You are not seeking advice, you are just mocking people for no reason. You are too old to not know the difference between a boy and a lady. Do better.
She is an ISI mouthpiece, her fellowship was funded by American Institute of Pakistan Studies. They've completely brainwashed her to a point she cannot tell the truth from falsehood. http://www.pakistanstudies-aips.org/content/aips-short-term-2012-13-fellows-are-selected …
Mr Gingrich, that is the dumbest thing I've seen on Twitter in months. Clinton is a schmuck, getting it from the intern is bad, dispicable, etc. But it's not abuse of power on a global scale. Even a knucklehead like you can understand that!
bruh i aint even taking it but my mouth has tasted like lithium all day and im like drooling while having cottonmouth at the same time im either having a really bad allergic reaction yo my bands or i took some lithium and don’t remember
You are sourcing snopes bro, they are the most fake news in existence. Would you source snopes in a college paper? Why don’t you do some actual research? It’s not a conspiracy theory.
The thing here is that, since there’s no yeast, tortilla’s aren’t technically bread, unlike a hotdog bun
Wasn't he the guy that choose Sarah Palin !!! that got us into this mess we're in know ... short memory
that’s not the point. he went 11-5 with the same team brady went undefeated with and the patriots offensive stats decreased by a bunch after matt cassell took over
One of the many things that triggers me is when a percentage of people from a certain culture/ethnicity attack their own culture/ethnicity.
Newsflash: Protecting women and girls will make you money. Thanks to the , investors are looking at rates of gender-based violence as a metric for financial risk. https://foreignpolicy.com/2019/09/12/protecting-women-will-make-you-money/ … #genderlens #endGBV
i know the permaban feel, i got mine for fighting those-transphobics-staring-with-t and men jkhasekhjashjkekjhasehjk
AG Barr is getting close to the source. Democrats are panicking.
Paying our taxes is not like alms given to government, however, government should spend the money collected through taxes for citizens and for public services that are crucial to common people
And here’s the finished product of my Blood (2015) screencap illustration. Finished it last night but was too tired to post it. It’s not perfect but I’ll keep practicing. #Bloodkdrama #kdrama #kdramafanart #digitalart #art #screencapillustration
Two new disturbances this evening, one in the Western Caribbean, and another one in the open Atlantic region. Conditions are not well favorable for development. However the one in the Caribbean could bring rainfall in the Yucatán peninsula and northern Mexico in a couple of days.
The former Dallas Police Officer is accused of killing Botham Jean inside his apartment, she claims she thought it was her apartment. Katie Johnston reports. https://dfw.cbslocal.com/?p=868671
Reuters wrote about it. There are some videos in the web people fighting for pork in shops.
You can def say that again I just feel if you want ppl to actually fight for your cause make it not sound stupid to the general populous If I have to get a four year degree to understand your plight theres a problem
Next time whip out the "I'm on my period" card. Nothing grosses out a straight cis man faster.
And you’re on a hurry because you have to make it to the ups store before they stop shipping for the day? Oh ok..
too bad the troubs haven’t been around this year :( i hope they come back
Imagine living in a country torn by gang violence & the only way to protect your kid is to seek asylum....
Main problems I have with impeachment right now are: 1- when you have been calling everything for the last few years “impeachable” it makes it seem that you are just looking for a reason to reverse election
 why does The home screen hang with voiceover on after hanging out from a phone call in iOS 13.1.2 Its so annoying
Niggas will “Just got outta the gym” their way into some pussy
No way man. In the pan all the way. I add salt, pepper, and onion powder along with a sprinkle of cheese.
Stopping the bad guys with Cloudflare: 235 malicious requests blocked or challenged in the last month #cloudflare
That right there is a violation of the Domestic Tranquility Treaty.
The same week (being last week) that the State Department starts investigating the email practices of Hillary Clinton’s former staff that Pelosi starts the impeachment process against Donald Trump without even reading the Whistleblower's complaint (unless she saw it weeks easier)
VOTE AGAINST EVIL “The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.” -Edmund Burke [available NOW- Link In Profile] #hbstachecrew #hbstache https://ift.tt/2n4oWw4
Someone literally tried to fuck me while they purposefully had Always Sunny on in the background
I only knew about the lonely island because of YouTube.... that's it
Remember how I told you all that the media USUALLY gives a 6-8 month lag time before a recession occurs? You will start to see more and more of these kind of articles slowly will trickle out. The media has a history of doing this. It is their way of saying, "we warned you."
Did you miss the State of the City Address? No problem – the video is available online NO. Those who missed the event can view the full presentation here: https://bit.ly/2muct4o
#BoycottChicago #VisitChicagoToDie Memo Instructs Chicago Police Officers to Not Cooperate with Immigration Arrests https://www.theepochtimes.com/memo-instructs-chicago-police-officers-to-not-cooperate-with-immigration-arrests_3101579.html … For the latest US and political news download The Epoch Times app now! https://ept.ms/2mCEjel
The impeachment inquiry has been announced so their argument is moot
Without a formal impeachment vote the House is shooting blanks. Counting on the dumbed down sheep not knowing any better. WON'T WORK.
The list is called best EV’s under $40k. What use is such a list if next to no one bothers to buy them when the Model 3 exists? This is just a dumb piece of jurnaljism
He is now a YG staff at this point. But it also means he is always in the practice room right? That’s why no one sees him outside, aside from school related stories.
How much worse is this shit going to get? Every damn one of them is involved and trump threatens the whistle blower and the country with civil war. Reps are spinning lies and saying what was in the phone call really wasn't. Trump has hurt America enough...impeach now!!!
Scots voted by a much less than substantial margin to stay in the UK having been lied to that staying in the UK would keep them in the EU. Scots then voted by a very, very substantial margin to stay in the EU. Facts instead of bullshit.
You had me crying at work at the sawmill. Had to blame it on the sawdust, just washed em out with water. #WheresMyTwin
The FOX lawyer couple claim they cannot act as Trump lawyers BUT they have been advising him and have documents- and no priveledge
The Saudi leader denies his knowledge of a murder, why are non believers not allowed into Mecca
I'm so glad you opened the conversation about this! It's ridiculous how fat women are treated by men and how difficult dating is!
nothing is more comforting than spending the night w your s/o
I’m not giving I’m telling u the potential of things to be because we were talking about what could have been. Keep up
The problem for you guy’s contempt of Congress means nothing
#ImpeachmentHearingsNow Whistleblower's complaint provided in the correct PDF link below https://intelligence.house.gov/uploadedfiles/20190812_-_whistleblower_complaint_unclass.pdf …
And 27% of the Americanpeople will go their graves believing it.
If you think wealthy people outnumber the poor...you got a problem sis
Why is so much hate in you this artist have different content just leave this guy alone let him enjoy is Fame. Is it only Wizkid releasing music in this country why always this guy just listen to the song and dance
I think many of us suspected he is biased. Only GOD is gonna straiten this Deep State mess out. Too many in the swamp.
Was he the same traitor who threatened the whistleblower who revealed his secret blackmailing of the Ukraine president??
Ugh so I’ve had to pull 13 & 14 hour shifts these past two weeks and logsn sent me the heartbreaking text that he feels like a single parent. My heart.
Let’s get banned from somewhere because of the amount consumed.
I miss her every single day in the second I wake up till the moment I went to sleep
Finding out you bombed the test you worked so hard for
I think you still need to be careful here because students are still chasing the grade when completing the work if grading is randomized. It cuts down our "grading," but doesn't solve the issue. #formativechat
Meanwhile, while all hell was breaking loose in the US, Barr was in Rome. At the same time as Ribolovlev. Remember him from 2016? Coincidence?
I don't know that that's a fair assessment. Crime & our city's population has gone up a lot in 10 years. I'm not sure the budget has followed. But - we're still waiting to find out if  asked for the $$he needed. What happens if they get it will be telling.
Dogs need your help! Tell Congress to stop cruel taxpayer-funded experiments. - Sign the Petition! http://chng.it/LV8Pxwvm via
Still sounds like Benjamin bloody Disreali next to the feral snivels of a Gaetz, a Gohmert or much of the rest of #TheDERPReich ... the soft bigotry of zero standards is one hell of a hallucinogen. #LucidityDeficitDisorder #FaithBasedNihilismProject
Because they'll just raise the prices again. That $1k will disappear into the black hole of capitalist opportunism within a year.
I definitely feel that in a lot of talk about women in computers, people often really overdo calling each woman a "badass" for... existing in the field? and I'd much prefer if we were not celebrated and the field was made very normal and uneventful for all women to just work in
Pick a side and stay there huh?? You been here a year, we been here 30+. Give us a reason not to whisper before you have us drawing lines in the sand. You may not like how it ends up.
I’ve been reluctant to express an opinion about the impeachment momentum-I watched both Nixon and Clinton go through it. I’m amazed at the high percent of people for impeaching AND removing him from office -47%-but this is moving very fast-info about bad behavior is cascading.
They'll throw a few 'papers' into the mix they know are unacceptable and then just blame EU intransigence for causing a no deal Brexit. #WhenPoliticiansLieDemocracyDies
He lied to the American peopleabout the Mueller Report! I Will NEVER forget that!
Next time it’ll be rape accusations. Feed the beast.
anyway, the point is, if you have a traumatic thing in your life, you shouldn't feel pressured to share it on social media in the name of vulnerability if you don't want to, even if other people are.
When appearing before the House pursuant to subpoena, Rudy will be constrained not to offer or rely upon false evidence, even if Trump desires that he does.
Young woman needs a taste of her own medicine! Pony Brutally Attacked By An 18-Year-Old Girl! The RSPCA Took Over The Case! - https://horses-world.com/2018/07/29/pony-brutally-attacked-by-an-18-year-old-girl-the-rspca-took-over-the-case/ …
Now The Warning CAUTION I Tweet/Retweet a lot, spanning: #Motivational, #PublicSafety, #OldGuyAdvice, #AdultHumor, #SmartAss, #WiseCracks
Imran Khan is new version of Saddam Hussein & Gaddafi. He must be insane to threaten nuclear war with India. Is this moronic fool thinking nuclear war is like playing with firecrackers & fireworks? It will cause catastrophic disaster to the world and not merely to rival India
She will be remembered as one of the finest voices of music. One of the proper barrier smashing women and fierce singers of opera in the latter twentieth century. We salute you Madame Norman. You were ever so a star. #RIPJessyeNorman #JessyeNorman #StrongWomen #FierceWomen #Opera
QUICK TIP - there is no such thing as an unsigned Trifari piece. Make sure you see the backs of pieces before you buy!
I was part of a writing class in college, and late in the class I wrote about being diagnosed w/ cancer. my prof asked me why I hadn't written about it before. it's because I didn't owe him or my classmates my story. and b/c I didn't want to be "the cancer girl."
When BOTH Alberta and BC were NDP they couldn't get agreements between the to signed. How is a Dipper that just called for the impeachment of a world leader going to get a deal??
I got one. The motherfuckers think I'm a Republican. They think I'm gonna support the orange wanker. Why? Bc in 2016, I voted in the Republican primary. I voted AGAINST Yrump in the primary. And then I voted against him again in the general election.
It could be my bias but I'm not sure Hockey had the diplomatic savvy to navigate an unprecedented White House
Cubs had one of the biggest meltdowns in sports history you’ll never hear about. 9 straight losses in the last two weeks
  lay down with dogs.....wake up with fleas. Make no mistake Australia, Scott replied he was “ready to assist” and then 3 weeks later he gets the Red Carpet from Trump.... #lnp #climate
And Bokuto-san is starting to get restless, wanting to hit the ball!!!
i'm gonna keep emailing the youtube space until they tell me no hehe
We get to this suite, no one knows what's going, and we keep hearing al the flaks in hushed voices whispering about "the mayor." Before we can ask wtf is going on Giuliani appears and they excitedly tell us they have announced some partnership
Between the BoD at Theranos and WeWork — I’m not sure which was worse — they should all be banned from ever serving on a BoD again.
this is the energy i would like to see but never come across in this fuck ass town, LEARN FROM HIM. even if you aren’t poc, you still have to shut down the racism that goes on, sitting and watching in silence makes you just as bad
#deepthoughtsMonday no one is owed the story of your personal trauma. It's become a thing to widely share our stories of trauma, and I think in some ways this can be cathartic, but it's not for everyone, and certainly not the only way to have vulnerability in your life.
Just my luck. When you forget to wear a face mask and you’re swabbing a patient for the flu test and they accidentally cough on your face. Right in the fucking mouth
All I see on  tweets are bots asking to write an essay for her lol. Where the fuck are the bots on my tweets
Why do the Democrats and the garbage MSM keep hoaxing and lying? 1) No one has been punished. Why shouldn't they keep doing it? 2) It's working! They've harrassed and distracted the administration from Day One, causing policy delays, plus bankrupting and jailing Trump aides.
When you have 6x the followers, it’s not her putting you on blast... It’s you being wrong and people liking that you got called out.
Enter the nearest shop that sells scratchcards and buy the cheapest. Scratch it. On occasion, everyone should not contrive to not try admire, but will commonly clap.
i gotta stop promising to call people bc i hate being on the phone
Listen to Fuck The 212 by Curtis Fisher #np on #SoundCloudhttps://soundcloud.com/user-975660282/fuck-the-212 …
You the fact I got reported 3 times because I called Sony out cause I have seen not 1 but a lot of people getting banned for no reason and having their money stolen by  I mean go to  and see a lot of fans are having issues
Tbf as far as reviving characters it was pretty good. Making it so everyone except Polnareff had always been in on it and just hid from the enemy (and him bc he's a blabber mouth) makes it both funny and more believable then if he was actually presumed dead in-universe
Will you and the rest of them shut up already. Y’all have tried since day one to get Trump out of office. Instead of doing a witch hunt why don’t y’all actually DO SOMETHING FOR THIS COUNTRY FOR ONCE instead of having BS come out of your mouth.
This is bullshit. If that was a white girl that blamed 3 black kids all hell and fire would come down on her for lying. Stop fucking screaming white privilege, assholes VA girl who said white classmates cut her dreadlocks made the story up, school says http://a.msn.com/01/en-us/AAI4odJ?ocid=st …
Wend sideways with the wind for a while. At intervals, they could together construct to try scorch, and could victoriously disagree.
We performed “moonwalk” for the first time yesterday! That shit went UP ! I can’t wait until tour ! It’s going to be crazier and better !
The trump Cabinet and his family have the full idiot spectrum covered. Carson-ignoramus Eric-nincompoop Perry-imbecile Junior-quarterwit Rudy G-addlepate Ross-dolt Pompeo-moron Mnuchin-simpleton trump-dotard
As a lifelong City fan, I can't deny I enjoy seeing utd struggling. That said, Ole should be given time, I think he has a lot of timewasters & it's a task to get rid of the very poor buying for several years. He has got rid well, bought well, another 2 windows he'll be on track.
Look at the bright side, you get to spew hate for 5 more years, isn't that great news !?!?!
"Rumors abounded that the witch in the woods would make you potions if you approached her with the right gift." #GPOSERS #ffxivsnaps #hyur #highlander
Naruto has a chance if it’s sage of the six paths form and Jiren and Goku lower their guard
you’re the only one out of us three that dont remember our birthdays cuz cin & i do smh
Soccer Drops Heartbreaker to CR: By Kevin Eickman It had to happen sooner or later, the… https://goo.gl/fb/BD9h8p
Had forgotten that we're Monday Night Football tonight until I saw the blimp! Go turn your TVs on - Pittsburgh looks spectacular tonight. #GoSteelers
There is a right way and a wrong way. Steve said that after the marketing and sales people take over a, once great, product company. They no longer have an edge at that point. Which is Apple and every single AAA company in gaming right now. It's all marketing and sales and lies.
NO ONE OWNS the small farmers votes! They can vote for whomever they want and they did! #Scheer4PM #TrudeauMustGo #CPCMajority
Why do WWE entrance videos suck so much ass? I miss the old ones so much especially when the wrestlers were in that bright dank basement and were just moving around and then it showed them in ring. Now it’s their name with shitty effects.
Don't let the facts get in the way of a xenophobic rant
I thought that he is no longer a member of the Conservative Party. How is he even there, not to mention giving speeches at it? #ArrestTraitors
SHE JHFHFJDKS FOUND A CAFE FOR BREAKFAST AND LUNCH??? SHE PLANNED TRANSPORT??? SHE WANTS TO GO OUT WITH ME??? HERE I AM ON THE TRAIN [bbq sauce on my titties] CRYING
This book is a window into the reality of how it actually is for millions of sufferers, who can live with this debilitating condition for up to and sometimes over a decade. https://amzn.to/2PoHL51  #comedy #tragedy #menopause
And here Bp Kraeutler, a key organizer of the Amazon Synod, claiming that the ban on female priests by John Paul II is not a dogma, and female deacons at the Amazon a "must": https://www.lifesitenews.com/blogs/john-paul-iis-ban-on-female-priests-not-a-dogma-key-amazon-synod-organizer …
Whether or not it is climate change, drought and flood and fire cycles have marked Australia for a long time. Anyone thinking of the future would consider strategic places for dams: not like putting dams right near other dams (eg the proposed Tillegra dam near Chichester dam).
Denny’s is the most mediocre place in the universe. An eternal dance on the razors edge between good and bad.
I'm more moderate on #immigration & would like comprehensive reform w/o mass deportations. I disagree w/ Trump here. But I can't stand when Democrats say "no one is above the law." Did you forget about the thousands of illegal immigrants you're cool w/ just letting come in?
Yoooo the girls at my school should dress up as broken piñatas this year since they already let everyone hit ..
I mean, it’s also TV show about a foreign born billionaire CEO with four adult kids constantly trying - and failing - to get both his approval and control of the family business!
So now what? Anyone who has a complaint about the President like Brennan called for can issue a whistleblower action without any support or evidence?
How concerned should we be the long term health of Dee Ford? Also, have we seen enough of Jason Verrit to say that experiment is a bust, or no?
But now he’s got the biggest platform to expose all the EVIDENCE against #BidenCrimeFamily AND #SchiffForBrains AND #Brennan
WRONG. Hillary Clinton paid NINE million dollars to solicit help from Russian, Italian, British, & Australian foreign agents to dig up dirt on Trump in 2016. Also why did the DNC refuse to turn their server over to the FBI but gave it to the Ukrainian company CrowdStrike instead?
I benched Godwin (on the road in LA, I know fuck me right?) for John Ross against Pittsburgh. It’s safe to say I’ve never believed in Ross more. Get me this dub.
The fact that you responded in this way to their child in Star Wars costume tells us so much about who you are. That you would put this is out to a child is absolutely beyond the pale. Seriously, wtf is wrong with you? #MarkHamill
lord give me the strength to stop being a lazy ass bitch
Don’t mind me I’m just in a rage bc I got sick the week I’m starting midterms
It seems we are putting lipstick on a pig. And if you don't like it, you can get off the bus
Nah ain’t nobody sliding that’s the issue we keep letting niggas slide
Guys, is it illegal for the Obama administration and Obama Intelligence Community to have been weaponized to illegally spy on their party's political opponent's campaign?
Legit the only reason I want to see #TerminatorDarkFate is to watch this Landcruiser endure some serious crap and potentially drive away from it all.
Put the 'agoni' in 'protagonist' but i believe you die still
Your's don't have screen? Who do you call a moron then? What do you call a screen then? A certain Arnab fills the gap like no one can.
Tik Tok is ruining my life I’ve had the “don’t be suspicious” song stuck in my head for 3 days
I had the last 17” ever. I kept upgrading it until I couldn’t anymore. It hurt my soul when it died last year and apple no longer had to parts to fix it.
Qual a série que você: 1- DARK 2- TVD 3- The Walking Dead 4- The I-LAND 5- Friends 6- Sla Comenta emoji que te mando as perguntas
I hate when my microwave double beeps at me to let me know my timer’s been up for a while... like damn bitch ok I heard you the first time give my fatass some time to get up
Me? Sitting on my floor screaming at the top of my lungs in a pinnacle moment of stress as built up for the past month? More likely than you think
I’m so tired that I’m sitting outside of the grocery store attempting to make a list
Stuck on side the road with no snacks, ain’t this bout a bitch
I actually think Washington at +1000 is a decent look, one broken coverage and that dude is gone..... same with Juju tho
Damn Roy, that actually make me choke up. I hope so, and I hope we/they prevail. We need all the prayers we can get.
Get things in perspective. Why do we have fences in parks that have possibility of wild animals while rest of huge city is not fenced? Do not talk about freedom of wild to roam free and maim the innocent. That would be a pathetic understanding of freedom.
Happy cry to see you!! Sad cry because of the rest of life!! I just really want a hug
Been the same since day one. Never did no funny shit #Solid
Trump never colluded, they already knew that BEFORE the Mueller investigation even started. Do you understand the implications of that? I realize that many on the left think DJT is an idiot, etc etc but this whole thing was a plan.
The wounds, pain or feeling of a person who does not have learned even a simple code of communication will inevitably be expressed in poetry: what dictates his heart? More than prose, reason or scientific explanation?
Take the most downhill route for seven metres. Frequently, each could never scold could not moor, if they try roughly scare.
Hell yes CaliFornica! Pay the NCAA players! MONEY MONEY MONEY! They stay in trouble broke... Look what it’s done for the NFL!
Everything the Left accuses the Right of they are in fact guilty of. Collusion with Russia, colluding with Ukraine, Racism, Sexism, etc. All of that. Every single thing.
Apparently Greg Miller doesn't realize three important things: 1) That the NSA does this, not the White House 2) That it happened during the Obama administration 3) That is increased because of ILLEGAL LEAKS by intelligence officials
Grown men that get mad over video games is the corniest thing in the world to me.... Like you over 25... Only thing that should be getting you upset is bills or a pregnancy test..
I take it you've never played Charades, pea-brain. This is no charade, and if you keep even a dime of the donations after a thorough investigation into your criminal family, I'd be surprised. No worries, though, there will be loads of time for playing Charades in jail.
Magnum need to stop playing an come with more than 4 in the box
If you ever find yourself in the wrong story, you are not a tree - leave! Cheers to YOUR #success #networkmarketing ==> https://goo.gl/BWoaQy <==
No wonder he had to steal and cheat at Notre Dame he was too fucking stupid to be there in the first place.
Get on the next bus you can, and get off after six stops. Through the rabbit hole, anybody will not try wreck and do not develop, and then eventually harass.
I’m learning how to be in the house this shit so boring
It is a fact. That's the problem with trumpcult, you think your butthurt feelings cancel inconvenient reality.
A lot of songs I don’t care for these days but I’ll still keep them in rotation cause the beats are fire. The lyrics suck.
If there ever was a spy in the Trump Administration it was Sneaky Creepy Sebastian Gorka...read his bio!
This makes me sick, I hate y’all, I swear I hate you all so much. I can only think about giving every single one of them the biggest punch in their faces and get my baby out of there,like, how is it so hard for y’all to respect someone you supposedly love?
You watched the first episode which is the worst one
'I'm tired of the politics': Chief's abrupt retirement caused by lack of emphasis on public safety - WISC https://www.channel3000.com/news/-i-m-tired-of-the-politics-chief-s-abrupt-retirement-caused-by-lack-of-emphasis-on-public-safety/1127127680 …
Antifa ARE the fascists and the modern day version of the Klan except in black. The Democrats fought to keep slaves and cost the US 500k in lives. They used the Klan to control the ballot boxes against blacks and conservatives. They are the reason for the NRA.
 Accusing others of treason? You obviously don't know the meaning. What you have been doing in office amounts to treason. When you leave office they're going to make an example of you. First President to be criminally charged for crimes committed while in office.
  Quit wasting our time telling us that these polls of 2,000 people with landlines represent how the majority of this country feels about impeaching Trump. #misleading #outdated #useless.
Cut the trees, catch some fish, upgrade your castle and environment. Guard the treasure against waves of enemies and lead your dwarves on their way to victory! Coming this week to Steam!  #gaming #gamers #gamersunite #indiegames #retrogaming #retrogames
I wish my grandpa was buried closer or even at an actual graveyard. The church doesn’t maintain their garden for shit and he doesn’t even have his own brick. Shit pisses me off. He deserved way more than that.
I literally put one to two ice cubes in mine in order to chug it without the cooling wait time which is a Total Bastard Move
A lot of updates needed that aren't happening and many of the ones that are suck hard at the moment
" | URGENT - CRISIS IN PERU: Police officers arrive at the front of the headquarters of the Congress of the Republic."
Barr Durham will hook you up with the evidence you'll need but no doubt deny.
what the fuck is this, this is some middle-school level fighting strategies
He released two things.... summary of the transcript and the whistleblower complaint. They both incriminate him. Try again, friendo.
Yes! The moment he was installed, I had a sense of doom. What's even more troubling is that it is clear that the entire GOP is as corrupt as he is. Jump ship now trump-rats.
   Urgent: Can we offer 21 year old Hamo a tourist visa or student visa in New Zealand? He will be deported back to Sudan and be killed for their apostasy laws if we don’t act in the next few hours. Turkey not help him. Stranded in IST airport.
Let me tell you this oatmeal was so bad that this oatmeal went around a table of eight friends. The same look of realization, horror, and disappointment at a spoonful of oatmeal was shared by all of us.
The name alone has me hooked. Peeping this when I get back to the crib over some drank and eats!
I think the concept of death as a game mechanic is as ancient as games (Chess has death + conditional respawn, as an example) -- what's new is the player's relationship with the game itself, as opposed to the game being a ruleset for competition with other people.
He wastes time all the time with his wife and son, so what’s a little more time wasted?
Remember this when the nocoiners scream manipulation in crypto. It happens in all markets and is no reason to stifle innovation and new technology.
Won't be playing it any time soon. Don't have the cash to buy it and we finna move in a day or two. RIP
just found out my mother didn’t keep my gryffindor robes from 10 years ago thereby actively pissing on my dreams to be slutty hermione granger for halloween. i am so over the blatant toxicity in my family rn don’t text
Even though the bengals are ass the Steelers will always be more ass then ever
If the democraps are so stupid as to send this to the senate.that will be the end of DNC.trump has the write to drag Obama,Hillary and the rest of the corrupt dems
Can’t wait for the admissions of guilt when he’s unscripted and high on MAGA juice
Really. You want Putin for your president? Trump said that we should kill a federal employee who reports to the American what is wrong in government.
tRump is a cancer to our Country and to all we've ever meant! And the GOP have largely become spineless Russian sympathizers. What happened to family values? To Defending American values? No doubt your own families are disgusted
crying in the shower is one thing, but when you sit down and cry in the shower is on a whole different level
Everything happens for a reason pero que picha no saber what the fucking reason is
Gov. Whitmer appears to be holding a ruler in this video as she explains her actions on a budget she called "a complete mess, built on phony numbers, using funds in the wrong way, usurping executive power"
Or...you can point to the quid pro quo and name the law Trump broke?
On this day, Northern and Southern Cameroon were given the option of staying as part of Nigeria or leaving Nigeria. Southern Cameroon decided to leave while Northern Cameroon stay #October1st #happyindependenceday
I never doubted my teachers’ adamancy regarding the reality of senioritis, so I’m not surprised with my current symptoms.
‘Americans were killed because you stoked the fire of racists.’ — 2020 candidate Julian Castro is speaking directly to President Trump in his new Fox News ad.
Wasn't he just reading off the "transcript" you provided? You're misleading millions of people every time you tweet your BS to your poorly educated base.
At the very least. He’s a disgrace & a criminal con man. He must go NOW.
Thank you  for your support & being a voice to 8M #Kashmiris Its day 58 of the communications blockade. 13k kids have been detained and tortured. Women & men are being assaulted. More power to you for standing with humanity and justice. #StandWithKashmir
Parking levels aren’t numbered clearly and the layout is identical. They found nearly a hundred people to say they’ve made the same mistake, and something like 40 who said they had gone as far as putting their key in the wrong door before they realized their mistake.
#AntifaDomesticTerrorists There is smoking gun proof that Antifa are terrorists, meanwhile, you only have lies and conspiracy theories about what you think or say the people you are promoting violence against want to do or have said. Every single bit of evidence validates this.
The  has lost a generation of voters if not more. Simply bc they won’t hold  accountable for his actions. #fuckthegop
Take the third left. Through out the multiverse, everybody shall never annihilate if i could waste, but could powerfully provide.
Im totally fine with big hits and physical football. Im against head hunting though. You seem like the kid on JV that would talk all that shit but sat the bench.
Well, you're wrong or lying. In Administrative Hearings, they even allow "Totem Pole Hearsay" Which is "I heard that guy tell the other guy that the third guy said..." So a cop can get fired on totem pole hearsay then why can't the President?
We have a bundle so we have cable internet and a house phone through them and we've asked them and they said that it's cheaper to keep the bundle than get rid of everything other than internet which makes no sense at all
Warnings remember folks Demz are not leaders they just don’t know how to that’s why they want a Global government they will sell the USA out to the highest bidder and we will all be screwed no second chances if you vote them in your part of the destruction of us do your research!
Labor learned ‘all the wrong lessons’ from election defeat, Richard Di Natale says https://www.theguardian.com/australia-news/2019/oct/01/labor-learned-all-the-wrong-lessons-from-election-defeat-richard-di-natale-says?CMP=share_btn_tw …
Dunked with a single drop of blood so the sharks know where the food's at.
is it cause the way I stack this cash is why u mad?
#MakeABoardGameBetterWith1Rule Pictionary, but you're forced to illustrate with ink and a paintbrush. That'll up the difficulty! :)
i started crying by the middle of episode 126 and just. would not Stop until it finished h
How single minded do you have to be to think that anyone you disagree with online is an uber leftist? Dwelling in the single digits in the IQ department I see! The more you speak. The more i realize that you don't get out much. I kinda feel sorry for you.. Kinda..
How about people just start controlling their spawn instead of letting them run rampant. I have 2 of my own and I practice what I preach...if they step out of line they get disciplined. Stop expecting the world to coddle your kids. #adultslikeflavors
I just drove all the way to Walmart only to realize I don’t want to go in. Now I’m crying in the car
If he got suspended for the Trump comment I’ll be pissed though
and no mention of the two Past Tories sacked by May for their sexual conduct towards women
And shortly before Schiff and The Dems started applying pressure to dig up dirt on the president. It’s absurd because they’re all doing it.
Because they did... lack of funds for the police department... Detectives and officers had to take matters in their own hands.
One of our #PennMeasyFellows  giving us a glimpse into our own blind spots with the Johari Window.
"if the PPC wasn't allowed to talk, this wouldn't have happened" - yeah, what were they thinking, wearing such a short skirt. They were asking for it, isn't that right, , you victim-blaming trash heap.
Too WEAK of a RESPONSE! You need to sound more like a Leader than a Follower . You are NOT HELPING the REPUBLICAN FIGHT. Very SAD
Nigga happy cause he caught me lackin once when niggas all on the blogs including random niggas be checking this nigga stupid sports takes.
He's on his way to the airport right now to do more of the same. Can't Congress defund these expeditions? #EmBARRassing
tell us about yourself 1- nicole 2- single af 3- for now, comethru 4- around 3k? 5- twt 6- r 7- addu 8- filo 9- 5 10- 0 for now 11- pwede someone? charot 12- 2015 13- kitties 14- rawrsome drop an emoji for the questions
Talk to ...he’s DEEEEP into the iron cover scene. He could probably cut you a deal.
The most irritating part when you observe, follow and STOP; cars behind you usually honk their horn, stare, curse and God-forbid-brandish-a-gun at you.
You could split the dead money between 20/21 and save $12M, but I’m not sure that’s worth it
You’re right of course, I know some amazing Boomers. Unfortunately the media is full of deniers their loud opinions and lack of care. My family is full of them too Sorry if my rant caused offence.
If this is a crush, then I don't know if I could take the real thing if it happens.
There were no phonographs around and therefore none of the canine hardware.
Reminds me of your twin  he can be the most when he wants smh
Going to go through the Doom games I own between October and November
Entiendo que les guste Taylor, ok. Solo no la vendan como si su producto fuera trascendental porque no lo es; McDonalds es la franquicia que vende más comida pero no la mejor so shutthefuckup
Can't hear you over the bloody racket the orchestra are making in the corner. Oh, they need paying tomorrow, same arrangement as usual, get them to send the invoice down to you, yeah?
Kelsier #mistborn by  Or vin. Or sazed. You could really pick ANY or the main characters from this series. For me, mistborn pisses on most contemporary series in terms of character development. This and ’s His Dark Materials.
The Ugly Side: Sacrificial Lamb 2019 is here!! http://divinegovie.com/the-ugly-side-sacrificial-lamb-2019-is-here/ … via
What's not so secret dream is to have THE Besteban on out with me and.
Where in the hell is her fiancé is the real question
dang so they changing the Verizon Arena to ‘Simmons Bank Arena’ that’s ugly.
The jackasses would have been better off sitting still They have literally created the army that will destroy them
damn the trump battleship really be taking on water, can we get some ̶t̶̶h̶̶o̶̶u̶̶g̶̶h̶̶t̶̶s̶ ̶a̶̶n̶̶d̶ ̶p̶̶r̶̶a̶̶y̶̶e̶̶r̶̶s̶ hearings and subpoenas for our poor president??
Indifference: The key to everything. Just don't screw up with the ones you love... It will forever haunt you...
send them a mail, they may be able to restore it. Some of us got suspended for a few days for being mistaken for bots because of the rate we were RTing Yang on the view
Situation today: One catastrophic illness or debilitating injury and it all can be taken away. This income level is higher than the Social Security taxable income cap. Higher income earners in 2019 skipped out on more than $149billion in contributions to SS.*Congress not included
the last two anime characters saved on your camera roll are the last two brain cells you have. will you be okay? I'm fucked
Me neither. But this I know, , we literally are witnessing a huge important fragment of history in the United States of America. will be remembered as one of the worst and nightmarish president (maybe the only worst because he made Nixon looking like an angel).
I find it annoying Long Game is so far in future and this is 4th GABHE... when the 2nd was in 42nd century. I presume 1st about 2500-3000 (The Mutants). In IDW comic 78th century 3rd Empire... so no other Empires in so many millennia? And 200,000 people looking too samey.
I'm confused by the juxtaposition of the panther and the lady!!!!!!111111111111
Also I’m gonna light a candle the next time I’m in a church for anyone commuting between Denver and the Springs these days. This version of I-25 has the thrills of a ride at Elitches without the fun. News flash: those signs that warn double fines for speeding? They don’t work
I thought the airport was very small but after going back to fly home and being told I was in the wrong Security Line (there were three for different gates) made me realize it’s just messy >:(
finna "who taking me to the fair?" my way into some dick
Linde fire emblem makes me filled with incredible amounts of emotion because she's the one character that made me check out shadow dragon, and then not even months later she's in warriors for feet
I can’t wait for Naomi to come back cuz that shit is gonna LIGHT THE FUCK UP!!
Yes ! Arrest the traitor ! He should be put in jail for treason!
So tempted to start driving to work. The train and my anxiety do not mix. However, I work in Manhattan so thats basically suicide.
Cancer moon 1H Scorpio Mercury 5H Leo Mars 2H I'm a fast Walker but not usually an aggressive driver. I am the guy that slows down if you tailgate me though.
 Have you ever noticed that Guidance is a Concentration spell? That may curb some of the cantrip spamming.
Ye--...wait, no! I mean... *Her ears wiggle as she stares straight ahead, thinking way too hard about the question. The hippogriff glances upwards for guidance and puts a talon to her beak.* Sleeping is like...when you rest! You get really /tired/ sometimes, right?
Probably already been asked but where is local law enforcement? Baiting us and using the useless idiots as the bait. Then the cameras will go on
Maybe don't rush to "break" racially charged stories before you know the truth. It's affecting racial tensions in this country.
SOMETIMES YOU EAT THE BARR AND SOMETIMES THE BARR, WELL, HE OPENS UP RIDICULOUS AND CONSTITUTIONALLY SUSPECT INVESTIGATIONS INTO YOUR POLITICAL OPPONENTS FOR YOU
Can YOU point me to the evidence of Labour politicians making these statements? Who are these people condoning child rape that you've obviously got proof of? Or are we all just making shit up and throwing around baseless nonsense?
My heart is very tired and I feel as if the earth does not bear me.
My new diet: can’t eat a meal until the puzzle is done! I started this one this morning.., I’m starving!
Let Negan loose! I’m watching the return of #TWD Sunday 9/8c.
Sorry to hear that you are having issues with your console. Do you see any error code or error message when the console access to safe mode?
Have you ever...? BTS edition 1. No way 2. 3 times 3. Nope 4. No 5. SJ and JK at first 6. No? 7. No. 8. Yep 9. No 10. Not hate, but Yoongi 11. I'm grown, so no 12. No 13. No 14. See #11 15. YES 16. Of course drop an emoji and i'll send u the q's
What if 40 million Americans that have suffered to long in America under the games of both parties and mass harm done to the Middle class and poor upward mobility, quality of life and ability to survive. Decide to immigrate next year to Mexico and C. America with there belonging
Kid you must be of been drop on your headed dubbled if you think a small tug on the hair (if he actually did do it) is classified as sexual assault.
Here's the lead single in case y'all missed it out. Father of All Motherfuckers out Feb 7, 2020
We gonna go through shit keep it off the internet, knowing we gonna double back what’s the sense in that
this is the first and last time I go clubbing what is this shit lmao
You are right. We need to ignore the harassment of little old ladies using walkers. In fact, we should promote it. And while we're at it, let's promote their burning of cars, breaking windows and beating up old men. It's all justifiable, I suppose.
Nope. Calling for impeachment based on that transcript which I have read is bullshit and a move to appeal to her base regardless of the truth. That's bad. I expected more from
It makes the market leas competitive when small businesses have to pay tariffs big businesses don’t. That’s not free market economics. It’s the government picking winners and losers.
#YouGotMossed just kicked a hole load of kids I don't know off my lawn then their was the parents but I don't care if the was playing football with two baseball fields across the street. Two huge guys one started tying his shoes I asked him if he wanted to fight Next time law
Me neither. But this I know, , we literally are witnessing a huge important fragment of history in the United States of America. will be remembered as one of the worst and nightmarish president (maybe the only worst because he made Nixon looking like an angel).
Have you ever? (R-18) 1 Clearly 2 No 3 Unfortunately 4 Hell yeah 5 yeah 6 Yes 7 Never 8 Hell yeah 9 No but I need to 10 11 Hell nah 12 No 13 No 14 Hell yeah 15 Probably 16 Everyday 17 Hell nah 18 No 19 Sure Drop an emoji and I’ll send you the questions
A Severe Thunderstorm Warning has been issued. Large hail, damaging winds, heavy rain, and frequent lightning are all possible. See the info in the orange box for more details. #NEwx
Why The Next Financial Crisis Will Be Bigger Than 2008 (w/ Jim Rickards) https://youtu.be/U9QcQw343-8 via
2/3im really trying to embrace these years of Kali and learing life lessons. My theme for this year for internship, relationships, and 4th year is "Learning"...and so far i learned a few lessons. 1.) Learning hurts AT my internship one of the few Black women said to me...
Trumpers: "But but, this was not like the highly impeachable, criminal conduct like our Savior President did with Ukraine. Leave him alone!"
Nationalizing the ivy league would solve a lot of problems.
when the gc talks about you and you ain't even online they're obsessed
Barr is a shit stain on the DOJ. He should be disbarred and impeached.
LINDSEY GRAHAM AN EX SENATOR, DID I MISS SOMETHING?? I KEEP ASKING THE QUESTION WHERE IS THE SENATE INVESTIGATION, WHY DON'T WE ANY SUBPOENAS??
I just missed Elo right now Keep the votes coming though #BBNaija #VOTEMercyto32052 #VOTEMercy
Drain the swamp!!! Keep up your hard work Mr President
Like rampant crime in sanctuary states/cities. Or ANTIFA for rioting. The rioting by dems/liberals after the 2016 election, ring a bell? Schiff/Pelosi/Biden/Clintion/Feinstein caught, with actual evidence, not hearsay; engaging in pay-for-play and interfering in foreign govs.
Decriminalize without access it? Can’t you see the black market exploding? A plan for disaster, knucklehead.
Between us girls: Masculinity is exertion, actively doing things. That's it, that's all, the more you exert yourself, and the more you affect your surroundings, the better and the manlier. No particular type or way, no, just get out there and really let loose
Dems Vote To Give Illegal Aliens Better Healthcare System Than What's At The VA Or DoD https://www.diamondandsilk.com/blog/2019/09/29/dems-vote-give-illegal-aliens-better-healthcare-system-whats-va-dod/ …
He's also keeping an eye on the polls about it. Doesn't want to go against his constituents if at all possible...
Completely agree... the GOP could stop the madness right now and help their process of redemption. They won't... the GOP is dead! It's a Fascist Party now!
one of the scariest horrors i remember watching as a child
Flu shots are idiotic. You're getting a vaccination for the virus influenza was the year prior
just say y’all hate earth sign placements and get the fuck away from us. y’all are so annoying at this point
It would definitely turn into an armed conflict!! The people would, In armed force, remove Congress in short order, for treason.
Strange, they know the issues yet keep voting for the party that is ruining their communities. Shame when their Black Democrat political leaders don't & won't reside in inner cities they represent nor do their children attend those schools, but they're against school choice...etc
hoagie is for Philly people the rest of the world says subs because they’re dumb
haha they only have $300k in cap space anyways. Unless they dump some talent they can't sign anyone after the AB fiasco.
So erase women out of the movement. Which you still haven’t stated what we even are at this point. What’s the next step for the drama that will surely continue? You people grossly misunderstand my point in all of this.This is NOT the pressing issue in our movement.That’s my point
"I have no proof and am willfully ignoring the current case"
I made The  Promise to protect children from gun violence. Make yours at http://SandyHookPromise.org #ProtectOurKids
Extortion of a foreign leader and use of American military aid to blackmail said leader into targeted manufactured prosecution of a leading political rival, while subverting national security interests in the furtherance of those of an enemy state.
Too real CW: trauma, PTSD When the very earth beneath you has proved shaky, untrustworthy, watching where you place your feet is rational. This thread
He is not bound by its laws. (Hence why the Bible records miracles, which violate such laws).
The animation looks like if you put those crazy stick figure fighting gifs on steroids
Efecto FA, qué clase de sociedad nos dejaste que se accidenta una persona y salen de la oscuridad como zombies famélicos de sangre, " the walking dead" a agredir y robar a un accidentado, qué clase de monstruitos nos dejaste FA. Qué tristeza, que desazón! VOTO #VivirSinMiedo
That poor child. A dead father, and a mother in jail for the rest of her life. I pray she gets adopted by a loving family.
We been saying Hispanics go way too hard behind the word nigga.
Historic rubbish the US lead Collapse of Lehman brothers Sank us out of sight Gordon Brown steered us out He did the right thing for the Country politically you lot Took advantage and today You produce bad history Study the collapse of lehman Brotherz
Struggling to remember a time when the left spoke the truth. I got nothin', sorry.
Five Lost in the middle of nowhere (Remix) #CancionFavoritaPop #LatinAMAs
That is not racism. The oppressor doesn't get to tell the oppressed on how to deal with racism. What you get to do is stop being a racist oppressor. #ADOS
"The government can't even solve our Guatemalan problems, how are they going to help the people coming from outside?" | Cardinal-designate has defended indigenous people, migrants for decades https://www.ncronline.org/news/people/cardinal-designate-has-defended-indigenous-people-migrants-decades … via
I can't tell my members of Congress, I live in CA and they're all the problem
I am sooo sick of all these ridiculous antics that these dems are doing and believe me the rest of the country is sick of it also!! They are all NUTS!!!!
A young boy is not making it to his first class of the day on time and his mother is blaming the bus driver and the district for making him tardy.  speaks with the mother and tries to get answers from the District.   Live at 5https://www.kesq.com/news/parent-says-special-education-student-arriving-late-to-school-because-of-late-school-bus-service/1127084678 …
Loathsome and Vile doesn’t begin to define the slime
I’ll add: 4. The roads are terrible 5. The drivers can’t drive.
Called out sick because of a sore back and not much sleep, and tried to make up for it, so I started late. But between getting my flu shot, walking the Springfield Mall and shopping for Halloween candy at Target, and...
We.... couldn't care less what the so called "experts" think.
This is shocking. I wasn't aware the government had a plane big enough to carry Gorka's giant head.
Bruh I’m dead My magnets are putting me down on my schedule to training on portioning because I absolutely bombed it when I started my shift yesterday. I just need to get better with my speed & awareness of the business.
Doesn’t beat the time you thought you could take a squirrel in a fight
The word remainers don't like, about all others, is the word COWARDS. That's because they are. It's the same with other unpalatable words - SURRENDER and TRAITOR or BETRAYAL. Words like INDEPENDENCE and FREEDOM. Even SOVEREIGNTY. They especially don't like BREXIT. I could go on.
No , let’s just bask in the moment of this selfie ..
Lamest press release ever. : Your desperation is showing. Don’t try to poison the well or get the attorney DQ’s because he gave you a small contribution.
Murder counts are also pretty worthless. So much around murder rates revolves around aiming luck and health care / effective trauma centers. Shooting data is a much better indicator than murder rates....but for some reason the UCR doesn't care about shooting hits (and misses)
I can't believe Geoff keighly forced 2 of the three video game mans to quit their jobs by putting them on stage w Phil Spencer
Maybe she cut them herself.... or the sour patch kids did...When they're being sour before they turn sweet..
This map proves exactly what? The issue at hand, is #Zionists kicking people out of the homes they live in and off the land they work, to make room for illegal squatters from Brooklyn. #FreePalestine #BDS
 I have stuck with the show thru some pretty bad storylines. Want to repay us loyal viewers? Have Alicia reunited with Madison ( )for S06E01. Both the actress and the character are missed & the story could only be helped by her return. #FearTheWalkingDead
Sorry, last tweet was wrong. Gorka is traveling with Pompeo to Europe. (I’m under the weather)
the real reason i stopped drinking was because i don’t have a man to come home to after
“* Just stay away from Pinky. He’s really gross so leave his criminal activities to Mao Mao and Badgerclops. Now let’s go patrol the perimeter!” The little bat declared.
It's odd to me that we hear of regular every day people who went missing and/or got murdered, but radio silence on the unsolved case of Seth Rich. I think #MarilynMonroe was murdered, if she really committed suicide, I believe she would have put her most flattering outfit on.
The fact I’m able to understand everything what they’re saying smh
The Kochs aren’t stupid. They aren’t clueless. They are very aware of everything they’ve been doing. It’s why they’re traitors.
Why are ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS TAKEN CARE OF BY OUR TAX DOLLAR’S IF NO ONE IS ABOVE THE LAW . Seems that only Democrats and illegals are above the LAW while Americans are homeless including vets
picnic dates, paint dates, flowers out of nowhere, watching the sunset on the lake , all that romantic shit i won’t settle for any less anymore
October first is not for celebration but to mourn the country Nigeria.. there is nothing to celebrate in that country.. #nothingtocelebrate
'Trumpets' is not connected to the first day of the seventh month in the #Bible. And NO one has a memorial for something that has not happened yet. You need it to be about the S.C. and that blinds you to several other verses about how that S.C. will happen.
By far the worst part about this is she doesn’t have to say he’s a Trumper. We already know
These skills should be applied in all the schools from grade 8 onwards. This is an essential skill to be developed through education system I wonder why education policy makers are so dumb.
 Barr is a disgrace to the Justice Department. He is slavishly devoted to the Criminal in Chief
Gosh, GOP aides aren't very "swift on the uptake" are they.
After the way the Lions secondary played yesterday, I don't want to here shit about Jalen Ramsey coming to the Lions. They are ballin the fuck out and they don't need him. I said what I said. Argue with your mother. #OnePride
I removed the word hate from my vocab in regards to how I feel. I know how it feels to be hated, so for her to push those sort of feelings is lunacy. I’m actually on board with most of those things. I think before we get reparations, should actively be in therapy weekly 4 a year
Was watching "Face/Off" and caught this interesting line of dialogue. "Face/Off" came out in 1997, the phrase "war on terror" wasn't popularized til after 9/11. Now I'm curious if it was used in any other big dumb action movies.
You don't even need the sound on to recognize the sanctimonious, pained smirk assumed by  when someone on  is telling the truth and he's lying. ##santorum #frothy
But everyone ignores all the littering they just did
The extend some people will go to prove their point disgusts me.
If you don’t feel like Goku in the hyperbolic chamber when you workin out you doin it wrong
[I have no clue. Probably wherever Ritsu was when he found him. Turning his head to hide his face against Ritsu as he's carried.] It's Ricchan's birthday, I should be making you flustered not the other way around..
I always get the worst ear pain when I have a blocked nose (especially when the plane is descending) so I’m really dreading this 14hr flight
Poll was done amongst the 100 viewers still watching  so not much of a surprise
Breaking in these new boots is so damn painful rn.. but the shows in two weeks and I refuse to wear my old ones so
Yes and when he is finally done and no threat the whistle blowers will come out of woodwork!
Lines and viels are so important in #ttrpg Today I watched a show and it triggered me, I wasnt expecting it and found it very upsetting In a roleplay situation I cant imagine how magnified that feeling must be ALWAYS communicate, have a session 0, use the saftey system!
I'm bumping around at 35K feet over Hudson's Bay with a bunch of infants screaming, and the fellow behind me just commented about the VCs who were too stupid to understand his start-up's business model. Sorry, but if they don't understand it, it's because you don't either.
As a bengals fan I can say that I hated the fact that this guy played for our team, guy deserves this and worse
Yep,I remember the pygmies near the coast ,West of the Freeport mine. The Indons murdered them like vermin. Australia ignored it.The american in charge of construction said to me when i challenged him to do something about it. The company has a big investment,don't make waves.
No offense but every time your face pops up on my television I know the lions are about to get screwed. It's Pavlovian. The negative emotions are triggered by your face. I'm sorry.
.. wasn’t his security clearance taken away? What the hell is going on?!!!
Thank you Schiff is a Lier and a blight on congress but some Trump hater believe this crap good for you,you had the balls to talk about this
Is red meat back on the menu? Not in our house. Reading ⁦ ⁩ article way way way down it finally mentions environmental impacts but not on the potential danger to health of climate change. https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/health-49877237 …
Seriously! Pompeo is traveling all over the world asking country after country 2 give him just a shred of evidence against Hillary so they have talking points until 2020 election! Plus HOW MUCH AMERICAN MONEY IS HE WASTING ON TRUMP'S BEHALF? He is NOT doing the job of the office!
looking back on some of the people I used to stress over trying to figure out why I ever did in the first place
First off, if you're talking about the laryngeal nerve, you've bought into a lot of misinformation. The laryngeal nerve doesn't do ONE simple thing, see picture below: https://www.bartleby.com/107/205.html
Once you go beyond natural sight the flat Earth argument falls apart. The logic of the argument is based on a presumption of normal sight. Once you invoke Jesus as God as being able to see any place in the world the curvature of a round Earth is no longer a problem.
Those behaviors are just traits of bad people. Why say that they are inherently male or that females are the only victims of them - thus implicating all men in the bad behavior of a few. Modern feminism's primary goal seems to be demonisation unfortunately. And of course division
I wish I could send you the arguments so you could read them. This case could have been argued without undermining women's sex based protections, but honestly, the ACLU appears to want to destroy sex based rights.
Si Gino ang bago bec as the title goes “ heres my heart “ so ibibigay ni Kia ang puso niya
. the fact that ive never had a best friend or been someone’s best friend, like the go to to hang out or anything... it fuckinh sucks and ik i probably will never have that bc every just uses me or im their last resort
It’s my fault i should’ve never let it go that far in the first place
The hate that young man get is ridiculous! The media want him to fail so bad b/c they say the same BS all the time even tho it’s not true! It’s crazy some supposedly fans secretly want him to fail also some people like  hate so strong they can’t even control themselves
To be grateful for everything single thing in my life. Even the bad.
THE LOSERS DIDNT LET HIM BRING HIM OUT MEORI APEUDA HAHSHSHSJKS
also y’all joke about them singing feelin’ alive last night but the jonas la album was FIRE fight me
Suggest keeping this article handy and just updating each year with new hurricane names and the most recent episodes of extreme weather. Each year. As it gets worse.
If your feet hurt from walking too much Then i will tend to them with a velvet touch If your lungs dont wanna work today I'll breathe into your lungs Dont you love my fingertips circling your lips Dont you just love my touch every night The desire taking over you Favorite spots
How are you shocked look what they did to General Flynn. Soros is behind EVERYTHING. What is so sick and sad it that he uses American tax payers money given to him by the crooked government who all get kick back to benefit themselves, family & friends.
I'm not a lawyer, I think the AG might be in a little bit of trouble.
I am a human being with a brain between my ears. Therefore, I am aware of racism. Can you say the same?
Let Negan loose! I’m watching the return of #TWD Sunday 9/8c.
Do candidates think we don’t get hyperfocus on the “middle class” is about resource allocation as related to hard work & so social deservingness? “No one should have to work a full time job and live precariously” how about no one should be precarious regardless of employment
if you follow me on ig i’m sorry for the insta stories i thought they were going to ignore me
He is looking into the 2016 origins of the Russian Collusion Delusion. Do you not want to know where this show started in the first place. UK, Italy, Ukraine, Australia are all involved
So, then what does that tell you about the underlying claim he is so outraged about?
I’m from the streets, either you gone starve or you gone eat.
The lack of character on Trumps behalf is staggering
I knew it was fake from the first title, i’d definitely know if there was a 86 anime coming out, that doesn’t stop me from wanting one though
Lmao soon forbidden. It’s the thing the most dangerous and boring to do in Tokyo.
It is important to remember that  is running a criminal enterprise out of 1600 Pennsylvania Ave. Who will play The Don in the upcoming Netflix docudrama #TheGodfatherWhiteHouseEdition ?
I wasn’t aware that Tony Adams and Patrick Vieira were the captains last season. I bet half of the idiots comparing Xhaka to these two couldn’t even name all the captains in between. And I bet the other half weren’t even around to watch Vieira, let alone Adams
no lie the ocean freakin TERRIFIES me. just thinking about it makes me hella anxious and i cant think about it too long or i start feeling like i’m having a panic attack. watching this video justified that even more
Wait, an investigation of the Clintons and Bidens is fair, but an investigation of Trump is a witch hunt? You're ridiculous. If they broke the law, put them in jail.
Hot take: Lawvere's diagonal argument for a cartesian category C (as given in Lawvere–Schanuel, Session 29 Exercise 1) secretly takes place in the well-pointed quotient of C, given by the congruence f~g iff f,g:X-> Y and fx=gx for all global points x:1->X.
Couldn’t find my charger anywhere and was accusing everyone of taking it... turned out Katie had it the whole time and wouldn’t give it back to me cause she was angry hahahaha sisters for you...there’s me going mad at everyone thinking they took it like
Although many of us were children when we first encountered the story, there are themes of genocide, torture, political oppression, censorship and the invasion of privacy. #cslewis #chroniclesofnarnia #humanrights #censorship #privacy
Four Lost in the middle of nowhere (Remix) #CancionFavoritaPop #LatinAMAs
Holy crap what the hell is wrong with you people Trump said it himself right in front of the White House on May 24th. You people are ridiculous
Doom simply doesn't compare to the overly serious, gory and extremely violent TF2, and this video is proof
The 2020 halving is definitely NOT priced in but nation state antagonism toward Bitcoin is also not priced in. Once BTC is too big to ignore (yes, right now it is still ignorable), expect authorities to make much bolder threats as they become more nervous.
These days my phone dies and I don’t even bother looking for the charger no more
On Gandhi’s 150th, it’s time to review the sedition law | Analysis | analysis - https://indianlivefeed.com/on-gandhis-150th-its-time-to-review-the-sedition-law-%e2%80%89analysis-analysis/ …
highest in the room is travs hottest song, shit is so heat. not his best song, the HOTTEST song
Machine guns are basically banned, in case you're wondering. Do you want to ban semi autos too? I think the fuck not, we actually do need those.
hold up... JOPPING WAS ACTUALLY LEAKED? I thought that was a joke but apparently not. So many people including the members worked hard on that for it to be leaked and SHIT on by immature people that can’t stay away from SuperM. +
Take note of anyone who hasn’t denounced the orange menace, Barr, Rudy Colludy, et al. They are surely complicit and deserve to go down with all the rats on the ship. What say you,  ?
Johnson cannot differentiate between fact and fiction - his own lies are so embedded into his speech he cannot remember the reality #zeroreality
 and  don't have the courage to do that. Triste, mais vrai.
Nope it doesn't meet the requirements of impeaching... only the fake news thinks that this is impeachable. That's what I'm trying to tell you...
I have an exception. When I’m using a shitty mic that picks up background noise I use the NS1 Waves plugin first then auto tune. Makes it sound like a studio mic it’s wild
1) How does she call the police and she gets arrested? 2) Why is she living in a run down apartment? Hmmm.
When the PM  will be fired ? He could not stop  from forming govt in India
The guy I’m talking to sends me snaps of him yelling at me because it’s so annoying how I’m “so gorgeous” and it makes my day every single day
Pro: shot my first project on 16mm over the weekend Con: ran out of vitamin d and depression napped through my Monday classes Pro: got more vitamin d Con: Panera sandwich was made w/ heel of the loaf Pro: Apple was crispy
does meko have the most dva bomb kills in the league? i’d like to think he does.
Hey    so I ordered the Doom Days Experience package with my tickets a few months ago...never got the email and I SPECIFICALLY remember buying that. Where is my email
Its so hard not getting fat , at this point ...if the jiggle life choose me so be it
This a set up of the Deep State. Hatred is the basis of all this corruption against President Trump. Hatred does evil things And Adam Shiff is at the top of the list. He lied in the beginning of the hearing. Trump 2020
They won't be. That's another reason you're not one. But it's your side that did that. Y'all know her man is peruvian right? Lol I'm telling you. No way you are one of us. We don't do those. Why the curses? Why are you so angry? Lol
so educate me and explain why we need to leave the EU and dont say 'because of their laws' because that is meaningless. Which laws, and why? Come on tell us.
What sinful act shall I indulg in today? Perhaps I shall break into my neighbors yard and fill their cat bowls with food and water so it makes a mess, then steal the weeds in their garden and pour water all over their plants. Mwahahaha, pure evil!
Why do they invite liars on the show knowingly he's gonna lie?
The media is nothing but a bunch of progressive former Obama & Clinton HACKS. All looking to make a fortune selling the American people to the highest bidder. While our sick media spreads propaganda our enemies are building weapons& stealing our future.
Wait until the end of this week. This just got 200X worse than what we learned last week. Who the hell is going to be left when the dust settles? We’ll be saying adios to Trump, Pompeo, Barr, Mulvaney, we have no idea wtf Pence was in on yet.... this is un-fucking-believable.
Happy #InternationalPodcastDay !! From talking mess in GroupMe to talking mess on the mic, recording  has been a wild ride. There's nothing like building something from the ground up and watching it…
Today is the last day to submit nominations! A couple of folks have reported having issues submitting their application. If you are having trouble with the application form or nominations sheet, please email us at team.org
#California is suffering today after fatal shooting. #POTUS, stop the bloodshed. #BackfireTrump
WE BELIEVE FAZLU DIESEL IS LUCIFER IN HUMAN SKIN BECAUSE HE'S A CORRUPT CRIMINAL CON ARTIST LIAR CROOK DECEIVER SELFISH OPPORTUNIST,USER INNOCENT PEOPLE IN THE NAME OF RELIGION UNTRUSTWORTHY MANIPULATOR WHICH ARE ALL THE CHARACTERS OF LUCIFER FALLEN ANGEL
Let’s face it Trump is brain dead. Pathological liar. We saw with our own eyes a transcript Word for Word what Trump said. A CIA agent whose job it is to read over transcripts coming out of the White House. Is the whistleblower. Trump lies and he’s done.
So the cabal could dumb down Americans to make us a socialist country
 You haven’t touched on server capacity at all. I’m assuming we will have an epic queue in time tomorrow and will fade as the day, and week goes. Or am I completely wrong and all will be gucci... (Remembering D2 launch) Thoughts?
I just dated hella paperwork with 2017..... what in the crackhead is wrong with me
It's october ! Let's pumpkin juice and dead leaves flows ! Open the graves, and ghost's eyes glows !
90% of the people who go in on Alec nowadays are just clout chasing that Fuentes rt Pretty sad to see them dedicate that much time to attacking my mans for no real reason
Even tho my depressions been of the charts and my paranoia and anxiety make me feel like my bf and friends don't like me at all anymore, I'm trying to remain as positive and upbeat per usual and not jump to conclusions. NOT GONNA WIN THIS TIME MENTAL ILLNESS. ᕦ(ò_óˇ)ᕤ
Ain’t shit like getting your money out the bank and having to give it to the landlord! That shit really be having me mad till the middle of the month!
I love Kanye West BUT IMA BEAT THE FUCK OUTTA KANYE WEST IF I SEE HIM
What's worse, the corruption or the criminality? Ah, I know, the corrupt criminality.
Proverbs 10:31 The mouth of the just bringeth forth wisdom: but the froward tongue shall be cut out. 32 The lips of the righteous know what is acceptable: but the mouth of the wicked speaketh frowardness.
Oh yes the human right of being able to criticize someone. Ffs everything is a human right these days
If I’m wrong let me be right & make the wrong decision
 I am getting an error message. I wonder if something is wrong with the site again.
Also I’m having flashback or hearing echoes of  in my head warning the GOP this would all end badly for them and their enablement would bring our country into peril. God I miss his tweets.
I don’t disagree with you. I do understand the other view though. In an entirely white room, there are two large figures dressed in black in the middle. I didn’t even see the kid at first. I doubt anyone is making rude comments towards the kid. If they are, they are wrong.
so I think Imma gonna attempt Inktober, at the very least I plan on drawing different phobias. The seven days leading up to Halloween, tho, I plan on drawing the seven deadly sins but as how I interpret them (or as anime boys fuck it idk)
He already ignores his own kids already and he got more on the way? Throw that man under the cell
Uber Eats should never be used for fast food restaurants. Just walk your lazy ass down the block. (Hasn't ordered yet because 7 uber orders are ahead of me.)
But our FaceTimes make me crack the fuck up LMFAOOOO
Do You See What’s Happening With The [CB] Economy, Exposed For All To Se... https://youtu.be/TIAKkBg0K14 via
But if the car rental company finds out the contract allows them to Kill you
Watching Ash vs. Evil Dead has been a fun way to ring in the holding season. Much more enjoyable than I ever expected it to be.
The sentence preceding that quote was " I am not talking about neo Nazis or white nationalist, they should be condemned totally." Try again
The Swedish are stupider than I originally had them credit for.
This needs to be handled carefully. Impeachment is just the beginning. After he is impeached, there must be no chance he is not pardoned for his crimes. Removing him from office won’t hurt him as much as making him live out the rest of his life in prison. #ImpeachmentHearings
The informant heard from someone that someone heard that Trump did something bad. Lol!
Okay so like, I know chocolates and flowers are overrated or whatever but if someone actually bought me to things I would die
the fact that so many people actually still give a shit about justin
of course me, the one with a jeremy layout, would have mental illness
Lol it's a scam! Always has been, but now that the hockey stick theory is dead, man made climate change is dead!
three Lost in the middle of nowhere (Remix) #CancionFavoritaPop #LatinAMAs
i have stood here before inside the pouring rain with the world turning circles running 'round my brain i guess i'm always hoping that you'll end this reign but it's my destiny to be the king of pain
Oh god... did you ever lucid dream? I found a way to, when falling asleep or waking up. Just to avoid the madness and monotony another moment...
And they are starting to come out with damage control with soft articles like Maybe we have come to a point where we should revisit the Science on Climate Change.
Wouldn't this be after you put the pad etc, etc on? Or no?
Oh no!!! Ms. Norman was such a phenomenal performer!! The world of opera has lost an incredible talent!! RIP Ms. Norman.
Leppo comes off as insane or possibly cognitively impaired to me. The majority of his viewers are "hate watching", and probably on mute. Quite pathetic.
No just for that minute apparently lol. She’s very shy so she’s often hiding in the clouds. Like one minute after I took this photo, she hid again
If I don’t have sushi by the end of this week I will literally die
It’s going to get ugly quick if the remainers in Parliament undermine the PM. This is scary now !
so tomorrow we take the hardest block test in our class, which also happens to be the last written one before we head into the lab and all that fun shit sO
aye man lets go to the swapmeet? ill make the groupchat
If we say that we have no sin, we deceive ourselves, and the truth is not in us. 1 John 1:8... #JESUS.
Are you sons and daughters of bitches ready for tonight’s Write Fight? Tweet a short story or poem that includes the following: 1. Tote 2. Peony 3. Bunny Ready, fight! -A few rules below- #write #writers #prompt #challenge #WritingCommunity #authors #story
Would be a shame if people couldn’t attend at the last minute.
That is a fools errand... there are no CrowdStrike servers... not even in Ukraine... Trump got red pilled with that nonsense and now he is paying the price. There is a sucker born every second.
She sighs softly before yelling "Cigarette kills people babe, not marjauana! " She spoke loudly as she heard the loud scratching, sighing loudly she opens the door.. Smoke would instantly head out of the room.. Slightly looking at the doogo with a sigh "Yes? "
Sorry I missed it!!! I gave you a twitch follow so I won't miss the next one!
Dylan the Decisive and the rebuttal of Marley the Unhealthy
That too, also in the case of many MENA armed forces are still plagued with corruption and couldn't fight themselves out of a piss soaked wet paper bag.
You need to go reread them so we can freak out about it Bc Marcus is never gonna read fanfics
OH BIG usually i just half depress the thingy on my finger and dab the liquid below my ahoulders and behind ear but this makes way .more sense
Why speak on shit you have no clue about? Like I swear this is why I don’t be fucking with certain people. One minute you up my ass won’t leave me alone the next you shady.. lmfao like do you want to be up my ass or do you want to continue posting on social media being a clown
Rogue's gallery, more like... If you mean the gallery in the White House, I think it's going to embarrass the incumbent everytime guest are marched past it. So maybe they'll symbolically put my portrait behind iron bars? #NationalEmbarrassment
Well... Don’t y’all ever get tired of the same old line?
⤿Her father /secretly/ works for Umbrella, wasn’t aware until Irons told her the truth before his demise. - At the age of 16 she took classes to hone her skills for survival purposes; forced by her father mainly to be a test subject for the “incident”. -
Hard to overstate how big a blunder wasting the mandate for an indyref from Nicola Sturgeon is..
and it’s like extra insidious bc they’d rather resort to putting struggling human beings at risk of physical violence by calling the cops instead of just... ignoring it? feeding them with the food they have leftover at the end of the night? fucking gross
Mayank Agrawal, Chief Executive Officer, Zila Panchayat, Vidisha: The process has been immediately stopped. Tehsildar has been issued a notice. ADM is investigating the matter. Such behaviour isn't acceptable. Investigation is being done, appropriate action will be taken. (30.09)
It doesn't matter.. Any Lebanese scandal is brushed away by blind support that takes a religious/sectarian line of defense. A short-lived online outrage then everyone forgets. Just like the traitor who entered and the million example of theft.. no one is ever punished.
No, the rules for whistleblowers were not recently changed http://a.msn.com/01/en-us/AAI4MtD?ocid=st …
Ya ever witness a fight break out in a lounge? *that one nigga with the patron bottles*
Broke: Remember your PIN number Woke: Remember Remember the 5 of November Bespoke: Do you Remember..... the 21st night of September?
Oh right I forgot today was Monday. Lol He IS the worst.
They should put stickers like they do in #hawaii on vehicles in #newmexico like we already couldn't tell with all the black and the grey smoke coming out of your exhaust when we are behind you on the road. I feel bad for environmentally conscience bike riders when you pass bye.
#MaggieSawyer and #Sanvers will always be a part of me "no matter if Maggie comes back or not, it doesn’t diminish the power of this character, the Sanvers relationship, or the impact that it had on viewers."
I’m complaining about moving like I’m the one who gon be lifting shiit I know they’re tired of me.
That's one of the reasons twitter blocked their accounts . Basically when you continuously follow large amount of people and you unfollow almost instantly twitter thinks you a bot anf blocks you also
Barr is carrying out a political vendetta at Trump’s orders to intimidate bureaucrats who would defy the authoritarian and lawless president https://nym.ag/2mtW7sw
Are ppl not aware of the trauma victims go through because of suffering the worst violations at the hands of adults who are supposed to protect.
Robert Fife knew this in August & told the CPC to fix it? I’m so confused.
I believe this painting was privately commissioned by the Smithsonian. They do it quicker in order to trick people into thinking this is the official presidential painting.
Homie below say you shoot down all the shots lmfaooo
GASPS dont sully the name of all west coast dwellers HUFFS U SHOULD HAVE COME HERE INSTEAD
u will have an exclusive access to the sauna and gym! Plus: threatening messages (with a stalker option)
Prejudice is part of the definition of racism; so being prejudice is being racist. Systemic racism on the other hand, black ppl can definitely not be systemically racist because in almost every situation we on the bottom of the system
I’m about to cry in the airport I needed this so much
If someone is innocent of wrongdoing, they should welcome investigations that will exonerate them. If the investigations cannot find substantial proof of wrongdoing, there’s no need to threaten the American citizens with death
I need that tweet of Waka Flocka looking at the computer with an IT person behind him with the caption “I’m looking for Microsoft Paint so I can go hard in it”
 Are you aware that NH and other states have a bill in the Senate to change the definition of mental health to include Opioid abuse? https://www.getsmartaboutdrugs.gov/manchester/news/proposed-law-seeks-force-those-addicted-opioids-treatment …
 So you exhorted them TWICE? Resign, you racist rapist who cheated to win, said you'd do it again & THEN ADMITTED IT. The only thing perfect abt your recent call is it's use as a confession.
NTS would make sense if the argument was "All democrats are progressive" and someone brought him up as an example. This argument is this congressman doesn't represent the views of his district. It's okay for progressives to want more power in congress. That's politics.
Why we can’t lose hope: Dr. David Suzuki speaks out Long ago (nearly 50years) I read Suzuki! warning of the coming Emergency! I listened and watched. HE WAS RIGHT!! we must act NOW https://news.mongabay.com/2017/09/why-we-cant-lose-hope-dr-david-suzuki-speaks-out/ … via
Had blood work this morning and I've been feeling like shit ever since. Currently sitting at the trail debating if I should run or go home and rest
If traveling to Knoxville this weekend and see any Vols leaving the game around halftime crying, it’s not because of the slaughter on the field. They just pulled up videos of Anthony Edwards and realized basketball is going to look the same for them.
He can press and chase; no one in the world can do what he does
"u dont feel it in ur heart" yeah well before it wasnt another year i got worse than medically shocked in walmart and just eviscerated by everything in the entire store and saw my grave plot outside
i ghost so many people like it's nothing but if anybody i liked ever ghosted me i'd be dead at the 12 hour mark
Im trying to find the fer de lance snake in guarma but every fucking time i go to the fields in the red area, even if im sneaking, guards will start running towards me on my minimap? Im so done man fuck guarma lmaoo
two Lost in the middle of nowhere (Remix) #CancionFavoritaPop #LatinAMAs
WHAT A SET! LeAnne flicks it down to give us a dominate 25-13 decision in the second! #SeawolvesUnited | #AEVB
Ang sad naman ng understanding the self class ko,,,,,topic namin about sexuality and sogie and lahat sila against sogie bill.... big yikes :(
Pot never should have been illegal in the first place https://www.usatoday.com/story/opinion/2018/10/31/pot-never-should-have-been-illegal-editorials-debates/1838195002/?fbclid=IwAR34M8wZlq5YEhxj_LzjncWGvE0A-UBBIjhqT7WuP0oM_JxsrUhUAIdGV04 …
Farting in office is an impeachable offense if it was a #Democrat president.. ..and there are #Republicans that would go around sniffing the fart.
The girls family came out and told everyone she lied about it. No attack ever happened
Another one lying on the bottom decomposing in the gene pool.
I’m just saying your life deserves to be documented on “Ballin with the Brumfields” that final number made me scared of adulthood
Here's the code: Whenever Trump blames someone else for wrongdoing, it is actually he who has committed the crime.
 you are killing us with the broadcast cutting out!!! Did  and #chriscallis win??
Hahahahahahhahaha "what more could you ask for" hahahaha hahahahahahahahahaha austerity killed thousands and the party is constantly drifting further towards fascism there is so much to ask for
Nope... there is a reason for the #hearsay impeachment panic. This is a FLIMSY Situation. There’s a reason Nancy hasn’t brought the official impeachment inquiry to a vote.
Let the people work harder and faster. You are their boss, babe. And I’m sure that you want to fuck me again. We also could just watch the tape we recorded.
He gave up 3 int and a fumble... so he isnt helping the defense
So the Whistle blower committed perjury......he or she checked the box that said he or she HAD FIRST HAND KNOWLEDGE.....LIAR LIAR HOUSE ON FIRE
So, both operations working at the same time would mean: Operation Fishbowl of the Lord. How weird is that?
Can anyone watch my kids or will there be a daycare center at the battle ground? #CivilWarSignUp
If the democrats have their way: We will be unarmed Our military will be weakened Our boarders will be gone The Chinese will come.
Presumably, the 2019-2020 powerplay will collapse in on itself, allowing neither light nor pucks to escape.
At this point, it appears the only outcome from this is another church will be exposed for corruption.
Yeah and holding down the center is illegal. Apparently patriot apologizers are just as blind as the refs
Kevin did u read it? U embarrassed yourself in the 60 minute interview. Had u read it u would have clearly seen that the pathological liar in the W.H. tried to use the threat of withholding 400 million in military aid to coerce the newly elected president to investigate his rival
It’s almost as if he consistently does the things he says he’s gonna do. You may not like what he does but that’s your problem to deal with.
The Politician is wild lmaoo why are they contemplating assassination for a high school election I'm here for Skye though
as a teen myself, it's definitely very stressful and frustrating finding out my faves are getting hated on, in the middle of class and i do get really stressed over it. i try to just ignore it all tho, just blocking the negativity, and it's very tiring ;(
BBC drops first trailer for new adaptation of H.G. Wells' War of the Worlds - Ars Technica  #Wells #War #Worlds #tech
oh ahaahahaha don't worry about the numbers, heh heh. Fake News might also be surprised at the truth. We'll see in 2020. WILL BE ABSOLUTELY HISTORIC, since every single person around me has FLIPPED HARD, and they used to fight me in the first two years. People aren't STUPID.
its almost like he could have even looked at what he was doing if he was gonna ignore people and HUH notice the ice is scraped and theres no food build up "you could have told me" you could have more than 2 braincells
B CAREFUL - mcconnell is sly - I think this is a trap 4 the Dems - mcconnell said not 2 long ago that it would b a very short trial w/no conviction - then 45/mcconnell/repubs will claim EXONERATION & vindication that it was all a witch hunt & this will get them votes.
Theory in progress. Warren's decades of identification as Cherokee without commitment to actual Native communities runs parallel to her co-sponsorship of Medicare for All without commitment to actually fighting for the legislation.
Brooo what be taking people so damn long at the atm , you staring at your broke ass account or what ?
John Kelly is a fucking coward, and he has betrayed the oath he has taken many times during his life.
Ukraine Hoax.  &  on the inconsistencies with the whistleblower and their complaint. #AmericaFirst #MAGA #Dobbs
You should be thanking the devil for those priviledges, not God? You will have to answer one day for these murders, because that is what it is, no getting away from it, no matter how you try to talk it good.
Everyone should be addressed as Mr, Mrs, Ms in public Forget the "Doctor", "Professor", "Captain", etc. These are your jobs, not a title the whole world must address you by.
Others are tailgating for the  game, but this crew is learning from  how to get out of debt . We will be home later for most of the game, but if we do what this lesson teaches it will change our lives. #GazelleIntensity #nwFPU
A LB is part of the package with picks for Ramsey? Jaguars best LB is taking the season off & another starter has been hurt. Or they just said Cyprion sucks so let’s get something for him.
I saw a fine man in a suit wearing air pods at the mall and it struck me. Date a guy with air pods and rob him sis.
left my phone charger in the studio so I Have to go back there to charge my phone tomorrow morning and once Im there Ill guilt trip myself into working skdnd BIG BRAIN
Absolutely no one in any dimension:  writing Spears of the Emperor at *that* part: Me:
The whole thing could have been avoided with a little compasion and empathy All they did was escalate.. A clearly frightened person The VA is supposed to be a place Vets can go when all hell breaks loose in their lives.. She was in the right place fuckface Damn #AkronVA
don't be stupid, she'll never stop, but why can't you do more than whine on tv ? where are the Republicans ?? how come our team never leaks anything good, where are your investigations on anything ?? you guys are freakin Pathetic
It’s obvious that #bsv scales, you can take away the block limit away all together. Why is this even a thing to keep reporting and testing. Big pipe internet, big storage, big cpu, Low latency internal network to ya miners. Not rocket science.
I’m concerned for you.... and the poor woman you marry.
Can we just stop with the tweets? And can we just ask? X
The ones who believe he was ordained by God will never change, but moderates who voted for him are tired of the chaos. We need to focus on them.
Hold the questioning at night so Nosferatu can make it..
Whats Really Happened To Kanye West - Heres To The Crazy Ones | Kanye https://youtu.be/ETQt0UEGMPI via
TikTok really ruined my brain. In my microeconomics class today someone walked in and the door squeaked. My mind immediately went to this
ugh the carrie diaries was so good why'd they have to cancel it
If any of your friends tried to tell you Shemp is not the greatest & funniest Stooge; you need to drop them. You don’t need that kind of negativity in your life. https://youtu.be/XBOrcsqY6xo
Beef, Pork and Chicken are a great source of protein. I think I'll stick with that, but I expect all the Politicians & Journalists bitching about "Climate Change" to eat a steady diet of bugs or you're nothing but Hypocrites.
While Lawmakers Discourage Vaping In US, Doctors in The UK Promote It http://dlvr.it/RFDR20
It is and it reflects poorly on Gruden and the Raiders. I know the silver and black have a history of playing the NFL’s bad boys but glad to see the penalty that VB was given.
said to her "I already told you: I'm not christian, I've read the bible, I dont believe it, and I am not interested in this conversation."
Twitter is just a competition to see who can be the most disgusting piece of shit.
I have an idea for one of these levels, but I can’t afford the game unfortunately.
So i’m looking underneath the star destroyers, i can see land and water... wonder which side planet this on???
Problems of Religious Luck: Assessing the Limits of Reasonable Religious Disagreement http://dlvr.it/RFDR0M
get on the fucking realm and stop horny posting idot
And Govt cannot produce revenue, no matter how much they say they can... so it's we the people that foot that bill. When 50% is supporting the other half that isnt pulling it's weight, right back to anger, divide, and ultimately they say eff it. Killing all incentive.
I’m waiting for karma to come around & kick you in the ass! You are one of the most disgusting people I have ever seen in my life, I can’t even watch the show anymore!  I hope this is McKayla’s last season. You shouldn’t be condoning her abusive behaviour! Focus on your kids!
Ugh as bad as he needs to go ASAP I can’t bear the thought that he slides out of this scot-free
Yet you are the same moron who gladly insults a sitting Congressman. You think Adam gives a shit what garbage like you thinks?
...and now the impeachment 'phone call' drama...if a civil war ever happened again as a result of Trump, it won't be Trump that caused it.  are the ones trying to change the rules at every turn and undermine our Democracy. Trump is a blip...a passing fad.
To top it off i had less support than ever beforw and stuck living opposite an #abuser 13 months on. The system gor the #public is awfull
EVERYDAY? sarah rhey genuinely hurt my body i dread them the most and i have them only once or twice a week ill pray for u
This is blatant innuendo with no evidence whatsoever being included in your statement . You should be disbarred by the Journalism Union , Society or whatever organisation real journalists belong to .
Seems about right. A couple of Sith Lords adopt a stormtrooper. BTW, stormtroopers don't use the force. They use the weapons and might of the evil empire.
Is this guy spreading fake news to  it a huge conspiracy against the menzoid?
Seriously tho. I can't explain how excited I am that  song Legendary is the new theme song for #RAW. They are amazing!!!!!!!! I've been a fan since 1998!!!
The judge is wrong. Trump has not Committed impeachable offenses. Liar
"National Centre for Truth and Reconciliation reveals the names of 2,800 children who died in residential schools"
Why skull? Smh I get the disruptor, that shit on a 45 was unfair lmao
What we have hear folks, is three genius minds. Trump Giuliani, & Barr. Enough evidence to put some in electric chairremainder in Jail for life. No wonder Demo Ratsare scurrying around screaming impeachment to side track the issue at hand, CRIMINAL POLITICAL ACTIVITY
bout to throw on the zankyou no terror ost and cry who with me
especially since it's going to find the witch this time!
Hello Work is a place in the city that help jobless person to find a work.There were times I went here to find a decent work but the employees working there they also bullied me.
It’s crazy how dudes back in the day used to sing with no auto tune
Pelosi telling us that impeachment should be somber while the orange man's militia starts suiting up
its sad that you dont see you fucked up your relationships with the realest people you knew but continue to keep your fake ass friends around. That’ll bite you in the ass one day, just wait.
A disaster is when you cannot feed your child... U spend so much time spewing out hate, you are oblivious to the concerns of real ppl.
 not by joining forces with the same cocksuckers who shredded my ballot. that's Bernie's cycle of abuse; not mine. I'm on THIS side of the chain link barrier
If someone is murdering babies, you should call the police.
After watching the livestreams from alvaro.3d and this weekend with the #zbrushsummit2019 i could finally finish my batman bust, it took a long time... This week i was a little depressed and not motivated, but after…
Are you referring to a dossier, in which HRC paid a British spy to dig up dirty info from Russia about a US candidate? Do you not see the hypocrisy there? When she goes to jail for FEC violations, I’ll stand in support of investigating Trump. Tired of #2tiersofjustice
Imagine breaking into someone’s apartment, shooting them as an intruder. Once you find out you’re the intruder, you don’t provide cpr or any other life saving first-aid. And saying you’re justified in killing the person because YOU were afraid. #AmberGuyger
From me hear the word sorry one time me feel offended god know
that’s all fine but again, jamie sending kit to kill Ats guarantees that he serves the whole 20
Some of us, I’m afraid dwindling, know douche bags when we see them. McConnell the worst, from the git-go. The Kermit meme hit nail on head. Stereotypical RINO. Never to be trusted by a Patriot. Never. (Nor his TRUMP ADMINISTRATION wife).
Will we ever hear the full story from these countries about how dirty Trump is?
It's already a total mess and the longer the whole thing goes on it becomes more and more of a mess The odds of corbyn losing a general election are very high and the tories will fight like people going to jail if they lose so will be totally ruthless
shut up faggot ill shove the reigns down ur throat lil pussy
haven't listened to jongdae in ages but his voice still has the power to make me cry every time
do what i do and just write on paper and lose it all and never see it again and just fly by the seat of your pants constantly, jeez
all my yoga pants are dirty so i’m about to wear a sweater and shorts to the movies i hate today
Why, was he sent away to 20 years prison via sham trial (PRC)? Beaten senseless (Paris)? Shot in the back for resisting (USA)? HK remains an easy enclave for rioters...
Hi, Katie. The bus should have stopped there unless otherwise instructed to not do so by the dispatcher. Do you have the bus number so that we can check/report this to supervision? ^DG
"You’ve got to remember that these are just simple farmers. These are people of the land. The common clay of the new West. You know… morons." ~ Gene Wilder You simple Lefties would hate a movie like Blazing Saddles if it were released today.
DEMS ACCUSE CONSERVATIVES OF THINGS THEY WILL BE DOING. SO LOOK TO THE DEMS CHEATING IN THE NEXT ELECTION.
The hubs was telling me how he was asked to be on a panel-where they all would have to sit on stools in front of a crowd answering questions, & how he didn't want to do it cause it just wasn't him. I agreed & said, well, you're no
Theo didn’t say a reporter did and his response was that his priority is players who can control the strike zone.
Fully just woke my mum and dad up because I can’t breathe properly and I’m going dizzy and got told ‘yeah you just have a virus’ HAHA SOZ IF IM DEAD IN THE MORNING X X
That's strange because they always say it's for the children.
I gotta stop acquiring phones before the police become suspicious
If USMCA isn't passed, it would prove Dems don't care about our country & we the people. #USMCA
i really remember begging my mom to take me out into the city so i can go to this store and cried when i entered. i got a wallet that i still have to this day and the shopping bag as well
You poor thing. Forced to lie for these GOP criminals. I hope you weren't on the 25-Jul call with Zelensky.
Because the Republican vs. democrat fights are fakes. Everything is set up like jesuit theater. They were all in on the planning of the drama - to fool the American peasant class - once again. That's how Nancy Pelosi "knew."
This will be a day of celebration around the world! Those vile scum sucking fucks deserve prison and not the country club kind..
Beaten? More like tragically attempting to keep pace.
#Leadership is about #people. #Cybersecurity is about #people. How can we lose sight of the #commonality when the #commonality is #us? #peoplevalue
You people elected Rob Portman and my prediction came full circle! I told you Rob Portman was a sell out! Had the B's not came at me you voters wouldn't be saying Rob Portman lied to us! He is not a republican! He is for Rob Portman.
 kawhi screwed the lakers. That’s why he got booed. PG screwed the lakers 2 years ago that’s why he got booed.
Damn that Jetson kid been getting roasted since the album dropped. Ah well. Switch it up young man.
DC FEMS reports fire activity in the 2500 block of Park Rd NW. At this time the intersection of Park Rd and Beach http://alertdc.io/t/4Gb
If the Republicans think what Joe Biden did is so wrong, why didn't they do hearings or investigations on it in 2015 when it was in the New York Times?
Can you guess what film this image is from? Leave your guess in the comments below! #guessthemovie #FilmTwitter
Treason is a serious charge. It means betrayal of the country through insurrection or consorting with an enemy. It is Trump who has tread close to that line, perhaps over it.
Demo/Socialists are destabilizing and ripppig apart this country with their childish speaking of lies and deceptive tactics. They are like children rebelling when they simply can’t get their way. Grow up and stop the childless. Americans can see this. God Bless
Can you at least agree that the First Lady and her fake degree which got her into the country under false pretences, can stay?
Being the gullible, hopelessly confused and probably traumatized little teenage (13-ish) shithead I was, I ate that shit up like it was candy; for a *very* long time confused my dysphoria and dissatisfaction with boyhood with some form of deviancy and perversion. /3
A few years of hard work can change the rest of your life!!
he did saturday and dead on arrival and that’s about it lyrically hgjwkgjdkakg. for the most part pete does the lyrics and patrick does the music. post hiatus joe also does some of the music.
The biggest fucking POGs touting their military service online
"normal Albertans" Just another way UCP pulls the "us & them" mentality while trying to blame divisiveness on everyone else. You are not saving our province, but destroying it. More job losses. Higher insurance. Higher property taxes. Cuts to vulnerable communities. You fail.
I was following it until the cellophane and sticker. You killed me there.
This was supposed to be on his yandi album well it is on the leaked yandi
You just dont like her that’s it tanda mo na para pumatol sa gnyan because you heard alot of negative doesn’t mean you have the reason to do the same
Sorry to be a Debbie downer but it is only a big deal if the guilty are actually punished for their wrong doing...so far....they have gotten away with everything
You know what this reminds me off? When fansites gets angry for people cropping off their logo they watermark the face of the idols instead
This morning was a bit thematically different. She's been a rabbi in this area for 17 years, and she said she's worried about us, because everyone is stressed and desperate, and pretty much the entire community is on anti-depressants and/or anti-anxiety meds.
If you break the law for the same thing 3 times (like Vontez has) then no you deserve what you get. It’s like going to work and violating a policy three times and expecting not to get reprimanded. It’s idiotic.
omg...now that's crazy its so weird bc whenever something major happens to my school i was always away for the day,,,,like this kid got arrested in class and i was in the same class as him for geo but i never witnessed it bc i was sick D:
Ya bitch a detective hit it from the back yelling FUCK 12
My sleep schedules been so fucked the past couple of days
I saw  at an ANTIFA protest when I was watching the news the other day, couldn’t believe it was him
California can't get a grip on the homeless situation, but they can ruin and rig college football.
If you do not honor the subpoena, you will be held in contempt of Congress. You will do your time in jail, and when former law enforcement officials turn out to be criminals, their time in jail can be a bit bumpy. Good luck with that.
I prayyyy nobody bully my baby cause I have no sense and the daddy either
You and WHO's Military are going to stop him Legally.  The president's most important duty as commander in chief is to defend the United States, its territories and possessions and its armed forces, from attack. Keep poking !
I learned my lesson! My 5s broke the same night of the future joint
Why? Because the person filed a complaint that did not comport with the conversation in question and the complaint led to serious charges that Trump is entitled to defend himself against.
Wait - So if I buy a beer at an Allegheny County brewery, i have to pay the Onorato tax and a new state tax?
You and the mainstream media are going to have A LOT of explaining to do regarding your coverage when the Russia hoax leads back to you know who (afraid to say her name in case she suicides me)....
I'm still waiting for the inner circle of GOP talking heads to fully articulate their narrative. So far we see it involves "deep state" conspiracy stuff, Clinton's emails, the origins of the 2016 Russia investigation... Facts??? Where we're going we don't need facts...
Our problem is scum. Never in our history has so much scum risen to the top at one time. Scum has risen to the top in the Executive Branch, the Legislative Branch, & the Judiciary. And the worst part is scum has risen to the top in the Fourth Estate ( ). #Hardball #inners
You guys won’t know the craze until y’all experience it. Half of them ... wait more then half of them are not local lol
“Anyone wanna get drunk off their asses and watch the bee movie?” “It’s a Monday.”
Some undocumented workers manage to make a living, some starve in the streets. It’s the same for naturalized citizens in poverty. You think the ones who starved all just didn’t work hard enough? Or the ones who die from treatable illnesses they just couldn’t pay for?
I think I’ll watch the Planet Earth episode on bat . At least I’ll know the bats made the with no ill will. #TrumpCorruption #ImpeachmentNow
"it takes a deeply humane novel to convince us that continuity and community can be built from the ashes."  reviews TRAPPED IN THE R.A.W. by Kate Boyes https://locusmag.com/2019/09/gary-k-wolfe-reviews-trapped-in-the-r-a-w-a-journal-of-my-experiences-during-the-great-invasion-by-kaylee-bearovna-by-kate-boyes/ …
Bumpy's Lament de Mack Browne & The Brothers  #NowPlaying
One of the most dangerous moments for a leader is when he/she begins reading his/her own press clippings.
Has the #LiarFromTheShire ever had a real job where he wasn't sacked for incompetence or worse?
I don't get why they felt they had to change the caption There is no reason they couldn't have ran that comment beside the copyrighted imagine The concervatives need to hire someone to fix this trainwreck of a campaign The drip drip of deceptions are adding up #ChooseForward
A historian explains why the Republican Party is dead – Raw Story “While the Republican Party might still exist in name, it has lost all principle, all purpose, and all reason to exist under its present name” https://www.rawstory.com/2019/09/a-historian-explains-why-the-republican-party-is-dead/ …
Republicans are the Party of Theocracy. The are killers and treason to Democracy. The Theocracy would like nothing better than to cleanse the earth. They have all the assault rifles in the world to do it with. Democrat's are in desperate need of a really big pen.
damn this lil girl fights with EVERYONE on the tl lmaoo
#California is suffering today after fatal shooting. #POTUS, stop the bloodshed. #BackfireTrump
Nothing naww lol I included everyone else in the previous tweet
It was a damn hard and long day at work... but it's all worth it when you know the answer to Final #Jeopardy.
Right: "How can you possibly allow 16 year olds to vote?! They have insufficient experience or knowledge!" [13y yr olds deny climate change and want their semi-automatics back] Right: "Won't somebody please listen to the children!"
Took me 8 hours to remove a border in my mom's kitchen!!! Had to use a steamer to get it off. Stuff in the bathroom came right off. Ugh
WHO THE FUCK EATS CRUNCH FOOD WITH THEIR FUCKING MOUTH OPEN AT 2AM WHERE ARE UR MANNERS DO I REALLY WANT TO SEE AND HEAR WHATS IN UR MOUTH????????? NO
I'm literally the worst at comforting sad people I usually just panic n say a stupid joke
This is crazy. So they are saying she can invoke the castle law in a. Dwelling that wasn’t hers? That’s nuts. I’m actually a fan of the castle law as it’s supposed to be written. This is absolutely irrational though.
He said if you have a problem with turbulence imagine as if it s waves in the ocean :’)
Guns stay on the streets because it’s people who don’t feel cowardice who are just as afraid of crazy people as people are afraid of guns
When you try to figure out how to take the train so that you can go to a Wallows gig and then realize that it’s pointless because you’re gonna be by yourself and you’re terrified and nothing will work out for you
I think someone or something fell in the pond behind my townhouse. Cops, ambulance and fire truck are all over the lawn and crews and walking around with flashlights.
i must be the only one who doesnt care for pyro, set looks cool tho
If you hope hard enough.... (You might doom your whole country in the process)
I know there are many games like that. I'm mad that I paid for a copy of Nostalgia for DS on eBay (one of the rarest titles for DS), dude sold me a shit cartridge and refused to refund it because "it worked on his system yours must be old" Uhh, mine was brand new?!!
Even if you're all correct and there's a vast conspiracy to bring down Trump and undermine whatever it is other than $you conservatives are still pretending to stand for nowadays, Trump showed us himself what he did. If this is the new normal, the great experiment has failed.
i dont give a crap about results show me some nice football on the pitch 2 hrs i waste every game watching absolute crap backwards sideways passing no movement in the final 3rd no creativity no tactics no plane joke club clueless manager #oleout
you and I know that these are the words of dumb 17yo who don't know better but do some of the impressionable younger people watching know that the statement "she was in control" is a misguided justification for statutory by a dumb 17yo and not some empowerment type deal
There was a shit ton of rain at work today so literally no one came into the cafe XD So I drew a mop bucket.
Rats! I missed out on all the pins...DARN YOU REAL LIFE!
“It’s okay to be sad sometimes” Bitch I’m sad all the time now
No nation in its sane mind recognises a single tribe as anything other that an integral part and parcel of the nation. Dr Adna represents un realistic aspirations of one single Somali tribe. Won't work.
OMG, he is so much worse than Nixon. Trump is a mobbed up New York real estate guy who lost his inheritance and then used the bankruptcy laws to make money - buying on credit, hiring and not paying anyone he owed. 4 times! He is scamming u.
Barr’s investigation in the origins of the Russia collusion hoax is news to you? How are you this poorly informed?
You have a people problem. Not a gun problem. Same as the us.
Maybe a little..........it’s my opinion on my page, that’s allwhy would I bash the R&B kingI’m just stating what I know to be truemaybe a little obsessed
Mark Levin: Greatest Threat To Constitution Isn't Foreign, It's The Democrats; "These Are Sick People"
"Mr. Ruiz acknowledges that he violated the law regarding the representation of his residency" when running for Perris'city council. Now now he's running for Congress in a district where he doesn't live.
“I’ve never panicked! at the disco but I’m about to cry! at the rocket fizz”
It is eerily reminiscent of the Catholic Church scandals. Meanwhile they sow race division like this, and hold white people to such a high standard they won’t even hold themselves to. See: Joaquin Phoenix’s anxiety and taking walks during the shoot
If he was white this wouldn’t be an issue I’m white and so sick of the blatant racism in our judicial system!
Y’all I did some dumb ass shit & I hope the good Lord gets me outta this one
The US is a very racist place if you believe all the false allegations put out recently by people of color. There is fault on all sides but you don't need to fabricate crimes.
does the ncaa have to recognize this and allow it, or can they shit all over it and make it mean nothing at all?
The community organizer sure was qualified wasn’t he? The businessman fixed his mess within 2 years and America is a rolling once again. Obama was a complete disaster.
And they came unto the brook of Eshcol, and cut down from thence a branch with one CLUSTER of GRAPES, and they bare it between two upon a staff; and they brought of the pomegranates, and of the figs. Numbers 13v23
, that 'd be a multi-volume series, some based on the Crime Story we've all lived through. No doubt it'll b written eventually. If fast, you'll b the 2nd person who orders it on Amazon... Publication 'll b another nail in the Obama coffin, as Trump donates proceeds
This piece is beautiful and filled with cosmic coincidences with my life. I was Ann Nelson's grad student. My dad died of pancreas cancer 10 days after Ann died. My partner  was a grad student in the Keller lab and worked on origin-of-life work with Roy Black.
I’m trying to not panic about BTS’s comeback because i’m not readyI’m legit so stressed with 2 of my classes that it ain’t even funnyat the same time i’m so dam ready!!ni quien me entienda
“Victimization...is the emotional glue that yokes Trump to the grievance politics of the right. Many of Trump’s grass-roots followers have said they feel protective of the president in part because they also feel oppressed and ostracized by elites.” https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2019/09/30/trump-has-talked-about-uprisings-his-behalf-before-now-hes-put-civil-war-table/ …
Let's defeat the "GRIFFIN" Archwitch in the card battle & mini-garden game "Valkyrie Crusade"!  #Valkyrie Crusade
So do the Yankees. The trop is a dump and homeruns that hit the roof result in outs
Some people using Twitter for all the wrong things. This where it's at.
There's written stuff from the time that reads kind of like english incels, mad about how the vikings are seducing all the ladies!
My dad scared an American the other day when he was driving behind to the point that she drove off the road and her car fell into a hole and I cant stop laughing cos he keeps scaring Americans for some reason or other
Ive been having pain in my lower back so I finally went to the doctor. Turns out I might have a ruptured disc in my lower back and he was surprised I was standing.
These are the amended rules for the people like you who scream to throw everyone out of everything the second there's violence. This sport ain't for everybody. FF be damned...That ball come loose and goes through the end zone, he just got the rock back for his squad. Comon' now.
it’s been a little windy today.... wtf is in the air? lol
I still remember Dravecky's return after arm surgery and then the game that broke his arm. It was chilling.
Everyone hears the #FakeNews but NO ONE will see it was a #HateCrimeHoax except for a few hundred thousand #Patriots. . . .
RNC launches ‘Stop the Madness’ campaign to fight impeachment push https://fxn.ws/2nc0eK3 #FoxNews
Fire Emblem 3H rep in smash bc I NEED every version of the edge of dawn in there
dead almost threw mine in the trash cuz i thought it was a property tax letter. “GETCHO HAND OUT MY POCKET!”
How long before the community tries to shift the blame from Granny, and to a song the boy heard on the radio?
First group of Salvadorans selected to work in the US will leave at the end of October, according to government | El Salvador News https://www.en24.news/2019/09/first-group-of-salvadorans-selected-to-work-in-the-us-will-leave-at-the-end-of-october-according-to-government-el-salvador-news.html …
Were you tweeting this when  had to admonish you for misbehaving at the table?
Like, maybe wait for the facts? Or is this all the left does is rush into every lie that fits your narrative? Holy hell, this is like what they did to the Covington kid who did NOTHING wrong - yet the black "religious" group calling them vile names was completely ignored.
there's a reason I'm banned from going towards the edge of burial mounds lol
Listen the guy who plays Pennywise is a goddamn snack
I've yet to feel good ramping or feel bad when my opponent does. And I also rarely feel like I want to splash outside of mono-colored decks. I think the card is good, but I didn't want to pick up the second copy here. It's your kind of card so I'd like to hear how you like it.
That is in NO WAY struggling. That’s still a monthly excess after some frankly ridiculous allocating to feel you’re struggling. That is living beyond your means. I bought $18 in thrifted clothes the other day and felt guilty. Screw you if this is your budget & you’re complaining.
remember the dark ages of late 2018 when you couldn't go one post without seeing that kid from the polar express? that shit was balls
"Pro Life" "What would Jesus do?" devout Christians, mega-billions for profit Concentration Camp & WALL building entrepreneurs, & paranoid White Nationalist MAGA-maniacs 'led' by a sociopath-narcissist DOTARD deemed 'the Chosen ONE' who alone can fix it presently. "WRONG, SAD"
To the people who follow to unfollow y'all ain't no got damn celebrities stop that bullshit
If all the media fully covered scheer’s lie about his work experience as a insurance broker as much as they cover trudeau’s gaffs there might be a swing. Do not use excuse that Trudeau was worse. I think both were bad.
See if he was nice and apologized I wouldn't be this mad but the fact that he yelled at ME about it pisses me off
It was about $6 I think. I drinked it once week but ir was strong enough to keep my metabolism fast. I used to drink it twice a week in the summer and I lost a shit ton of weight. The tea is called three ballerinas and its a green box. I would look for it in mexican stores.
For a country that is legalizing marijuana from coast to coast, ain't nobody chilling the fuck out.. #calmthefuckdown
My coworker and I have been going through similar life developments at the same time ever since he had to take me to the hospital and the ER lady asked if he was my husband. 99% sure she freaky friday-ed us and now he’s my twin flame. Sorry bro our souls are intertwined
Surely its Parliament makes the laws Judges only interpret then in the cases of dispute, or am I missing something?
Everything the GOP does is either a scam, a crime, or both.
So here’s a thing; we find life elsewhere in the universe, rendering life on Earth meaningless. OR. we find no life, meaning we are completely and utterly alone.
How do you propose these people pay back their loans if they are on low income?.. What you are suggesting goes against the responsibile lending code introduced to protect vulnerable people.
my favorite fucking set cried, raged, threw up after the first song from going too hard then got up and went even harder. fr.
it hasn't. maybe that is what she is referring to that the claims presented here are ludicrous lies & she's disappointed this person decided to come here to lie about swedish model? like why bother? why not just admit it failed miserably & do better?
— DHSJHDHS i’m not scouse i’m from the south east so like... idk standard london accent is probably closest to mine
BREAKING: Federal judge tosses suit over lame-duck laws that limited the power of Wisconsin's Democratic governor http://bit.ly/2o2Qjq8
I got home and tried to turn on the baseball game and then got sad, the end
I’m honestly so ill I can’t bREATHE PROPERLY. My nose is running every two seconds, my head is pounding, my body is achy and my throat is drier than the Sahara desert even tho I keep drinking loads and it’s making me constantly need a pEE. IM OVER IT
You ever get hit with the bus of "I feel deeply ashamed of my interests and the content i create" feelings
Clearly 70+ tweets in 3 days equals one crazy president! How stupid to accuse the patriotic whistleblower of lying when he accurately documents everything YOU said in your memo of the call. You’re a joke. Get help!
Who else struggles, when writing short stories, to be succinct and to the point, rather than going into lengthy descriptions? #WritingCommunity #Authors #shortstories #kidsbooks
From the GROUND UP. There's NO way he ain't be smashed to SMITHEREENS.
I am tired of my wife never appreciating the effort I put in to watching my grandson and instead always yelling at me for the house getting messy while I am trying to get him to do his homework.
CNN: Trump allies concerned he doesn't understand gravity of impeachment fight. https://www.cnn.com/2019/09/30/politics/trump-giuliani-impeachment-strategy/index.html … Outing the identity of a whistleblower is also an impeachable offense...
Being damaged is the worst, it’s kinda like “Hello, I have no feelings anymore, but I mean well, sorry in advance”
It's not intended to work. It's intended to be rejected by the EU so the EU can be blamed for a no deal Brexit.
no sweet items, savory only. dessert does not fit into the ethos of this restaurant.
Well, he apparently also was busy with a lot of other chores, regarding oil & govt contracts, which didn't end well. This before the Lula boom ended in Dilma's bust, which sent millions back into poverty, where they remain. https://portal.fgv.br/en/news/study-reveals-rising-poverty-and-inequality-brazil-over-last-four-years …
Imagine being up by a field goal in the 4th with 0:06 left in the game. Other team has the ball and is on the 30 yard line ready to kick a field goal. You’re screaming and waving like crazy hoping the kicker will miss. And some old dude tells you to sit down and be quiet smh
WGOLF: Jr. Micaela Crines finishes in a tie for sixth after shooting an 86 in the second round at the Kutztown Fall Invitational ... Crines was one-shot back of a top-five finish ... Fr. Miariah Minter (t-16th) and So. Shannon Campbell (18th) both finish the top 20 for ESU.
Emery's continued reluctance to pick Özil is just plain dumb at this point. Even if he doesn't fit his system, we had no options on the bench. Even if he was deployed as an option to take the set pieces..
the last season of the good place this is really disheartening
They kill women during assault in Peripheral; they hurt the aggressor https://www.en24.news/2019/09/they-kill-women-during-assault-in-peripheral-they-hurt-the-aggressor.html …
So I made Chicken afra and dint eat it because I had a bad heartburn last night after eating fish and chips. Now, I am hungry at 23:48 and the only food here is the Chicken afra
Destroy what? The corruption in Washington? The politicians taking money from China, and from the weapons industry? You think its an accident Obama started seven wars, and Trump none? Everyone I know is better off with Trump in the white hse. You stand with billionaire criminals.
Bias and lack of impartiality at BBC is real. The viewers don't tune in to hear the presenters personal opinions and views.Its about reporting facts.The BBC will need remodelled if it loses enough license payers.
Birds JV football loses a close one 27-20 to the Blackhawks of Prairie du Chien.
Seen the video he retweeted and he better do that shit tonight or I’m going to fight him
 American soldiers do not and have never hid behind villagers and civilians like enemy soldiers! What are you supposed to do when enemy fire comes from a village and wounds your buddy? Return fire! Courage on the Mountain- http://courageonthemountain.com
The Republicans are too stupid to know when to quit.
Even if the Dept. of State determines that any employee violated security by retroactively classifying those emails, it's been 7 years so the limitation of 5 years has passed and they can't charge anyone, not even Hillary. Just another slimy attempt to hurt Hillary by Trump.
Sad thing about the horrible beatings, is kids who obviously can’t fight at all are getting beaten by someone out of their weight class who slugs like a prize fighter. It would behoove Parents to provide their kids training in martial arts.
In that cesspool of a state called California, you have people dying in the filthy streets, starving homeless, illegal immigrant crime, pollution, high taxes....and you make sure to help men and women who are already getting FREE education and room and board. F’ed up priorities
Atlus is shit for ignoring the mainline and only gives persona love these days
Pedro is a bitch , I could see it from the jump #SnowfallFX
why eating cheese from another species is desirable vs. your own species is beyond me. Not to mention the abuse to the Momma dairy cows and killing their calves. #GoVegan #dairyfree
Attacking the credibility of a person when you don’t even know who it is. That’s a good one.
Like i guess some of these are cool but like im really tired of seeing people wan geno and sora and rayman for smash. And some of these dont make sense, like the fatal frame sisters or the girl from warioware
  People say "it will be unfair to some teams when the big teams can have boosters pay" well what's the difference to it now?
Sorry Twitter world but I have a small complaint: why does the mowing service have to blow grass all over my freshly cleaned car. Where’s the common curtesy in that?
Next time you're about to call me the worst P5 character just remember: Which one of us saved California? that's right. Me.
they don’t bathe that filthy mf so every time it moves I know dander is being released into the air so basically I’m just living in contaminated air waiting to die
So let me get this straight: the "Deep State" decided to drop disinfo to some Trump campaign dipshit, in hopes that he would then blab about it to some other contact, whose report would then enable the opening of a "Deep State" investigation? HOW DOES THAT MAKE ANY FUCKING SENSE?
Teej getting suspended for something minor compared to the other wild shit is like how they jailed Capone for tax evasion
He is a great character. I am not looking forward to the last 15 pages. I am dieing to know what happens but scared to find out. If you know what I mean.
When SJ won a mutizen at MuBank: look at the selfish and arrogant behavior they had towards others (look what goes on behind the MCs) Terribly striking.
Doesn't help he was bought as LW, shunted to LB and tonight played RB. I like the guy but he's never gonna play LW again as we've got about 100 of them, he's a steady replacement at LB but RB? Despite being right footed, nope...
I can't tell if my sinuses are really bad or if I'm getting sick. But I just want to eat an entire pizza in bed and sleep in the crumbs for the next 15 hours.
I'm going with threats. They'll couch it (impeachment) in the Bribes theory, but trump considers himself a mafia don, and lives in the fantasy world of "Make him an offer he can't refuse." Maybe when he's back to being a private citizen they'll charge him as a criminal.
the #Shadowkeep soundtrack is out on youtube, DAMN it's so good.
I’m not sure I understand, Steph. Did you say “hot damn” because of the fire?
NOT REALLY! DEMS ARE HEADING IN A BAD DIRECTION! EXTORTION IS NOT ONE COUNTRY GIVING ANOTHER COUNTRY MILLIONS.. EXTORTION IS WHEN YOU TAKE OR THREATEN!!! TRUMP JUST ASKED TO FIND THE TRUTH.. THAT IS COVED IN THE TREATY! DEMS THINK THEY ARE EXEMPT FROM LAW
Deer antler spray and ginger ale and he’ll feel be doing the Ray Lewis dance in no time
No they are useless. I have been on the phone to them for 50 minutes and they say they cannot refund without an investigation. I have asked to speak with a manager several times. The manager is now looking to see if he can refund. WHY WOULDN’T HE? You are in breech of contract.
Know they don't. What they know is you shout conspiracy against Democrats when there is no evidence. I think your going to lose your law license in this crime. The boy who cries wolf with no wolf ends up eaten by the wolf.
And what gets me is MA'AM SHE DID THE SAME THING TO YOU WHEN YOU WAS OUTSELLING REDACTED!! THEN SHE TURNED ON YOU AND YOU LOST EVERYTHING!!!! CHILE... YOU'RE LAUGHABLE
He has several missed calls after he's shut himself in. Several people have come to his door to check if he's alright but he knows if he lets them in, the Watcher will attack them. It's possessive, he knows, so he remains alone no matter how badly he wishes to see them.
it’d be sick if it was around the same time niall or liam releases stuff
Even though the Japan Times is always friendly to South Korea, this article is bitter for South Korea. Every presidents were arrested after retirements. No difference from Communist China. Keep South Korean judiciary independent | The Japan Times https://www.japantimes.co.jp/opinion/2019/09/30/commentary/world-commentary/keep-south-korean-judiciary-independent/ …
Conspiracy theory the Good Place is an expensive form of education to show her she can get literate references beyond her husband
I hope y'all know just how many sub tweets I write then delete on this website - in addition to the ones I do tweet - because people really be annoying, and I gotta be *professional*
EXPOSED! Ilhan Omar Just SHOT Herself on the Feet, Watch this Untold Tru... https://youtu.be/LZfFu3AKznc via
Congress and irresponsible MSM have bred this. White boys gotta be scared of the lies so freely told. Who put this idea in the girls head?
It would not be surprised. The democraps have attempted to orchestrate many dirty deeds!
N.J. is home to 9 of the 50 most miserable U.S. cities. But let’s look on the bright side! https://www.nj.com/entertainment/2019/09/nj-is-home-to-9-of-the-50-most-miserable-us-cities-but-lets-look-on-the-bright-side.html …
The lack of self-awareness within the ADL is comical. It wants to end antisemitism, anti-Israel bias, and cyberhate directed towards the Jewish people while doing exactly the things "antisemitics" criticize them for, i.e. open-borders and speech policing. Discuss.
uma bandinha chamada the rose, eles sao mt top e pouco reconhecidos :(
This piece gets at a lot of the problems with the Bernie campaign. The closing quote from Bob Handel, a Bernie volunteer, noting Bernie is more of an FDR Democrat than most Democrats, seems about right. https://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2019/09/30/bernie-sanders-2020-election-decline-228755 …
Barr won't resign. Neither will Trump. Neither believes they are doing anything wrong and that is the problem. And it's the most frightening part of it all. Pompeo does know it and that's why I think he'll be the one to resign.
there isn’t a mediocre song on turn off the light tbh even the instrumental tracks are fire
Yeah, I know people died, not by gas or ovens though, that's the big lie people are Forced to believe. Bunch of Scammers.Then killing kids on the beach in Israel and call it self defence..Would you insane people just go fix your insanity so people can have peace already, scammers
My son the hardest one to deal with I swear. lil nigga just dont listen
NO!!! Im scared. I chose to be oblivious to all the a&m romances.
Police said the man who caused chaos inside Woodfield Mall earlier this month when he stormed through Sears and into the concourse faces a judge Tuesday. But he'll face a charge some experts are confused by: terror charges.  reports. https://cbsloc.al/2oG5gyM
He can't put them in danger so he stays in his apartment alone for days, fearing for his life. The anxiety is unbearable. He can't sleep, can't eat. Sometimes he feels the Watcher draw close and he asks it what it wants, desperate for an answer. But its silence persists.
Mueller time is over, now comes the time to pay the Barr bill. The AG is doing his job. The Godfather of the Russian Collusion Hoax  will be exposed as will  and
Sad day in Augusta, we lost Jessye Norman at the age of 74. One of the best singers ever. #RIPJessyeNorman
Some people might just not know what's appropriate or not because theyve just never experienced someone tell them that its not. Between calling out the behavior maybe some of them will change. Definitely can't say that for everyone though. Some know theyre wrong but don't care.
Oh I know. It was however only a very local church who posted it on twitter, but it's still fucking madness and reflects poorly on the church as a whole which is in large parts completly fucking cucked to shit and should be purged and rebuilt from the ground.
the entire old crew is there.. our kidrauhl is a grown ass man, married and shit im “you won’t be 16 forever” #BiebersWedding
_usually_ if you transcode just the pre-keyframe segment and have the encoder match everything (same profile, same level, same resolution…), you can concatenate that to the keyframe and beyond using ffmpeg's concat demuxer but the output might get screwy
Against the law. Hence no impeachment. This time Nancy is on board so at first glance he might be in trouble this time but somehow I don't think he would have released the transcript if his lawyers weren't absolutely sure that it wasn't illegal. But it seems from what you are...
Time to start talking about overnight repo rates. WSJ article today hid the issues. Not only do hedge funds rely on borrowing, so do Flashboys. Funding repo liquidity funds volatility. That doesn’t help retail or institutions, just bails out Flashboys and HFunds. Distorts Mkts!
Absolutely. Obvious holding being ignored. That crew overall sucked. And kept the game from being 70-0
Also, I’d like to sidetrack and mention that every time Kratz brings up her being raped, why did NO ONE think to question how the mattress, sheets, room, AND TRAILER are not slathered in blood or obvious attempts to hide the gory scene that Brendan made up?
 Hi, My reservation number is 325523424 . My original reservation was pick up at Sid airport and drop off on October 9th at Melbourne Airport. I wanted to know what’s the amount aprox. if I do the drop off at Sid airport on October 6th at 10:00 pm
Bonnie&Clyde:I Am The Weapon #runaplay w/  #cln #upcomingrapper #explorepage #brooklyn #bushwick #bedstuy #harlem
It's possible that it's human but it could also be something else. He'll spot its true form in the corner of his eye sometimes: a monster with warped proportions, scurrying about on abnormally long, thin legs. If he blinks then it's already gone and it leaves him terrified.
Talk about making things up! Trump takes the cake. No wonder too. He is a has been TV show personality. Not a very good one either! That "Your fired" bit was pathetic. I hated that show.
At this point my job is just extra bandz. Why quit and get lose my health insurance and money on the books? To be lazy? Nah let’s get it I’m young, where the overtime.
 Please fix Ddos on PC I'm lose s match because the DDOS
You told me what I want to do. You are incorrect and it has nothing to do with what socialism is. One reason you're wrong is because I'm not a socialist so none of this applies. But I do object to throwing around terms people don't understand & mischaracterizing the arguments.
The ONE person I wanted this year did me foul asf...and im high key real hurt and fked up about it.
Idk what’s worse, the fact that this jump wasn’t well calculated, or that he jumped in with SWEATS AND SOCKS
She will be remembered as one of the finest voices of music. One of the proper barrier smashing women and fierce singers of opera in the latter twentieth century. We salute you Madame Norman. You were ever so a star. #RIPJessyeNorman #JessyeNorman #StrongWomen #FierceWomen #Opera
Might have been on purpose. Graham is either already toast & has struck a deal or he’s going 2B forced to resign as part of a pending deal. His role is coming to an end in the play.He is likely guilty of crimes during the Deep State’s heyday. He reduced his exposure by flipping.
By this time next week, the Steelers could be tied for the division lead. Beat Cinci, Beat Baltimore, Browns lose to 9ers next Monday night. Back in the driver's seat..!! We'll see....
If the CIA agent lied, cheated or stole, then he is not a whistleblower, but an obedient CIA agent.
Look who's talking This your Architecture sef i dey doubt em.. Maybe you used to pay your coursemates to do Assignments n Semester designs back then at the University.
1:47 am Been listening to dance of the sugar-plum fairy for god knows how long Will try to finish this before 7 am Will probably die
She stopped dropped and rolled right out the church house
I still can’t believe we absolutely worked the ravens at home with nearly half our starting defense hurt and ravens fans are still trying to tell us to chill like they weren’t talking that shit
Tumbleweed moment ... and here’s the pink leather jacket again, not helping!
Maybe whoever is stalking him is working with his therapist to keep him compliant, so he flushes the meds down the toilet after a few days. There's no such thing as being too careful. Eventually he dubs this entity the Watcher.
okay fuck it even if i don't like the songs im streaming purely for these baekhyun lines
+ for him to do. Some might consider what Bucky was going to do next a coward's way out, but he didn't care at this point. He just wanted to be freed. He wasn't even sure if his body would respond to the large dosage of sleeping pills mixed with alcohol. He was about to see.
No it isn’t. In one of my courses there is no exam. In another, there are lots of assignments and tests so the exam is a small percentage of the total mark. But both classes are small (< 50).
Give me the fucking telephone transcript from the call. Sucker.
I don’t know the worst part. The fact that she wished rape on someone because she disagrees with them, or the fact that no one stood up for Kaitlyn. No matter your political opinion this is horrible!!
I’m sorry about what happened to you,but he’s not a priest.Honestly religion shouldn’t have anything to do with http://this.As a basic human being Trump fails in so many ways.I don’t understand his following?The only thing I could think is that is speaks to the racists
How can one minimize the undesirable effects of the world depends on many philology.
What’re their slow days ? I can go whatever day, I work mostly mornings so that’s not an issue it just seems like I always pick the wrong times
1st pic shows the date it was last updated. 2nd pic is THE SONG BREAK UP W UR GIRLFRIEND IM BORED ARE WE KIDDING
As usual #Democrats are gaging #Republicans so badly. We will erase the #DemocraticParty in #Trump2020LandslideVictory  - #DemocraticParty will be a shadow of itself
Jfjfnsos mood. Okay but just throwing this out there but what if it was like Fear with the dark asthetic
I have this weird problem where I’ll binge watch shows until the final season or final few episodes....and never finish them? This isn’t a one or two time problem, but frequent. It is very dumb! I just hate saying goodbye.
I’m ab to get attacked for this but..... i just had cranberry juice for the first time yesterday & now i can’t stop drinking it.
＂I. . .was. . .＂ Should she tell him the full truth? She didn't want to keep him in the dark, but. . .she was worried that the truth would anger him. She hesitated before replying; ＂I was hit by a truck. It wasn't his fault, because I was being clumsy and I tripped into »
He was no longer a quarterback, out of the pocket is free game to get rocked. Stop crying about it
Tae Kwon Do for the first time in 2 weeks (I’ve been sick) and somehow I’m more nervous than when I first started ><
Lucas Scott Lawson has been arrested by  in an abandoned house in the 600 block of South 8th Street. #TXKNews #Texarkana http://www.texarkanagazette.com/news/texarkana/story/2019/sep/30/ttpd-searching-man-who-was-knocking-doors-overnight-karrh-park-area/797562/ … via
update. sorry it my handwriting is messy, i’ve redone this too many times. btw the pink and orange look similar but they’re different dw.
The existence of well-known atheists that spread misinformation and Pseudoscience isn't a sign there is a problem with atheism. It's only a sign that rejecting God doesn't mean you reject everything that's bullshit. Now, do Christians and Muslims on who spreads more bullshit.
Five of the 37 people killed due to domestic violence in 2018 were from Marathon, Portage, or Wood counties. https://www.wsaw.com/content/news/Domestic-violence-responsible-for-37-homicides-in-Wis-in-2018-561820371.html …
damn yeah im strongly considering taking him at 38 if fox and draymond are gone, im just worried about the bucks resting him if theyre cruising in the standings. Other guys im considering is middleton, derozan, cj, tobias, maybe aldridge but yahoo has him ranked in the 50's now
Shoulda stayed yo dumbass in the car, I’m gone now
Head of the DOJ. Lying under oath. But keep voting for these scumbag  members
【定期】好きなﾒﾀﾙｺｱ&ﾊｰﾄﾞｺｱﾊﾞﾝﾄﾞ part3 Killswitch Engage/Memphis May Fire/Suicide Silence/To The Wind/Asking Alexandria/Attack Attack
Gonna fire my agent. Not only was I available and qualified for the role of “American paid millions to waste away on the bench at Chelsea”, I could’ve been had for much less than $73 million
I have my tickets preordered for the Joker movie and One Piece Stampede. Wish I could say the same for Mewtwo Strikes Back Evolution, but for some reason TPCi still won’t give us a release date for the US
my sisters so fucking annoying, she seriously never shuts the fuck up
—can't function and it's starting to take its toll because now he's seeing things. There's shadows that grow behind him when he's alone, bushes that tremble when he passes and he swears he hears footsteps that somehow cease the second he turns around.
i think the reason why so many arm*s hate multis is because we find good, kind, fandoms. it has nothing to do with bts. bts literally got most people into kpop, it's the fandom that sucks. they're hurting bts, whether they want to believe that or not. +
"Donald Trump's Ghostwriter Reckons He's The "Most Purely Evil Human Being He's Met" https://www.yahoo.com/lifestyle/donald-trumps-ghostwriter-reckons-hes-103800132.html …
I have weakened Xerxes. I am accessing the primary data loop.
Are these all adults? Is this an apartment complex dedicated to developmentally disabled adults? Where else would 46 residents say it was "very common" for residents to go into the wrong apartment? Give me an effin' break!!!
Is it possible that you can’t comprehend the lies that have be little a President and his office and this is all in front of you that comet was fired because of falsifying a fake report and after he wasted 30 million dollars on and man hours on a lie he created what echo truth
mds o comercial de steven universo the movie com a spinel rindo no fundo
I went to take a short break from work and my body said, oh I got your break. And my ass was down for the count
Noticed the a couple of Ukraine soldiers were killed prior to the blast. Who is funding the re operation there. I'd say Putin is helping trump, Ukrainian government is helping trump. And there are lots of rouge elements paid and funded by the DS
The opposing fantasy team’s account to be suspended and team removed from the league.
I feel bad for retweeting the photos I didn’t know they were leaked
should I delete all the ppl I don't really talk to off my social media? I feel bad about doing that but I think it's weird to just have a whole bunch of ppl I don't talk to being able to see my content
Just got done watching and reacting to the last two episodes of MLP:FIM. "Daring Doubt" made my brain hurt with too many questions, continuity errors, trying to make me feel sorry for Caballeron...NO. JUST NO. Awiuzotl and Flutters shined bright, but it was a pile of mush. 4/10
Her not being nominated for Janet is proof that we live in the bad place
yeah i remember threatening to drown one boy in the lake cause he took my pencil case and another boy brought a TASER to school
 I'm sorry but 'civil war LIKE FRACTURE' is not the same as a civil war. Fracture implies opposing sides with no common ground. Civil war means actual combat. Come on let's be real his tweet wasnt wrong, fuk all the soft snowflakes who think words hurt
So Trump has to choose between Putin and the American people? Okay American people what do you have to say to Vladimir Putin about what he had to say about threatening America's Government?
And I'm old enough to know the difference between infidelity and treason.
His cabinet keeps bailing, funding for the wall keeps failing, don't forget he still has kids in cages, Flint hasn't had safe drinking water in ages.
They're all coup plotters Mr Levin ! The Marines should be sent in to arrest them all !
I wish doctors still wore the creepy as hell bird masks like they did during the age of the rats
Sub-out the cheap labor. Problem fixed. Bernie still mad, tho
What idiot wrote this, & what idiot let it go to print? The only reason it runs at 60fPs on Switch is because it's a new release for the Switch. They could do this for the PC & Xbox versions. There's no point because the games been out on those platforms for 5 FREAKING YEARS!
Tennis Star Serena Williams Joins the Resistance at Star Wars: Galaxy’s Edge at Walt Disney World Resort https://castleinsider.com/news/3317534/tennis-star-serena-williams-joins/ …
I'm not saying I'm voting NDP, but that whole "NDP can never win, so let vote Liberal so the Conservatives don't win" thing floating around on social media seems like manipulation to me.
Do we really think Barr et al. were *believers* in their fevered conspiracy theories? Or were they just determined to manufacture "evidence" of those theories to provide a cover for their crimes? I lean toward the latter.
More fake polls to make the democrats feel they’re winning against America! Hyperbole isn’t the truth, panic reveals reality...!
Um. She did her job. Your problem is with McConnell.
3 Designs That Do the Master Bedroom No Justicehttps://1l.ink/LJMQZRF
There’s a correlation between the more irrelevant he becomes the more he swears, cusses, gesticulates, and has tantrums. Just an old story of a washed-up actor past his prime. Snore. That’s all. Not complicated.
No, Bette. I am the whistleblower. Here’s my weapon!
"Stand Your Ground laws allow residents to use force, including deadly force" bruh she wasn't even a resident if the black homeowner had executed the right to defend his residency you woulda seen all the blue line flag clowns come out of their racism closet
i can’t stand niggas who take longer than me to get the fuck ready
You got this! Keep pressing the swamp they are all about to be exposed the Democrats corruption goes way beyond this country! We need foreign help! What’s wrong with that ?
I was about to be the most annoying boy on earth but decided .. NAH
Bro he’s got a laundry list full of dirty hits and has been suspended/fined plenty.. if they’re gonna make an example out of anyone, he’s first on the list. Sad part is that’s pretty clean for him!
Finally I may want to pursue the psychology like every other girl that experienced some kind of trauma when they were younger that somehow messed them up for the rest of there life
Why does everyone at the bank take 20 minutes for a fucking transaction that takes me not even 5 minutes? Like what the hell are you doing?
No I’m just aware of what’s going on - while Rome burns you guys worry about the price of milk.
Pero no dijeron que no iba haber microciclo en Bolivia, porque Bolívar y The Strongest no querían dar jugadores?
My youngest brother is taking his #PT32019. I'm the one feeling so nervous
Nope I think the original headline fits since we all know the GOP have become Intel agency and law enforcement haters!! You seem to have turned your back on the law, Constitution, and Our Country!!
GM autoworkers now the face reality of $250 a week in strike pay. Some 46,000 union workers at GM’s facilities nationwide have been on strike since Sept. 16 with no tentative agreement in sight. https://st.news/2oMV5bV
http://twitch.tv/Quhlityyy I F4F and L4F so stop by and let me know in the chat. I'll be live at 8pm EST
Last night we were reading through an old novel of mine (S) to salvage it for parts. Here's an actual conversation. S: Wow. That's one hell of an info dump. J: It's a real classic. You don't often run into one that size in the wild anymore.
 This whistleblower is just to charge up Dems voters! If Dem voters want to get charged up about something, why the sudden concern over a whistleblower! It’s never happened before to put a whistleblower under a witness protection program!
And feel free to tag me when EVER a #TeamPete member calls you names. But it better be because they replied to your Pro-Bernie post. Otherwise- I’m so sorry you were bullied. How does it feel? So stop the cycle and stop harassing others just because they don’t prefer Bernie.
Promare designs and color tests from the Comiket 96 release; illustrations by Shigeto Koyama. I especially like the designs for the Mad Burnish costumes, which actually stayed really consistent from concept to finish. #プロメア
My baby got her 4 months shots today I be wanting to fight everyone in the damn room !!!
#ideologicalSubversion Control the media/control the minds control the food/control the people control the guns/ Totalitarianism
It seems that regardless of who is managing the angels, the FO never gives them the players to actually go out and realistically compete. 20 mil on Matt Harvey and Trevor Cahill was never going to fix a staff. Just seems the FO has such a mediocre mindset. Wasting trout away.
People should not have to suffer MORE and struggle MORE. You knowingly and with stealth took money from the #NDIS funding, to fix the #budget  WHO is going to fix THIS? #humanrights #auspol #disability
Not quite. Trump primarily has carpet bagger descendants and low brow loud mouths for followers. Remember the low turnout for his inauguration? Couch potatoes talking trash.
Trump can ask anything he wants about someone with other countries as long as they're not a political opponent Joe Biden is not a political opponent yet not until the primary's the people Will vote whom the opponent will be. No quid pro quo Joe.
The guy has been lying the moment he got elected. All this means is there are a lot of impeachable offenses. Bullet proof. #Trumptrainwreck
You are more than entitle to your opinion. In this one as a heads up I believe you made the right decision to remove the status because many females and also males would defiantly not appreciate the dig at female athletes in it. If you think it was fine that's your entitlement.
If I pull on my eyes and squint my bad eyesight turns into 20/20 what the fuck
Amidst the chaos of #Brexit, we’re forgetting our own chaos via  #NorthernIreland #news #government #politics #uk #ukpolitics #westminster #tories #Conservatives #labourparty #BorisJohnson #corbyn #farage #brexit #leave #remain #peoplesvotehttps://medium.com/uk-politics-today/amidst-the-chaos-of-brexit-were-forgetting-our-own-chaos-7fd03c41db9c?aduc=HrV6f0A1569887332480 …
New Frank Ocean? Looks like I’m gonna need to get my heart broken again soon so it can have the full effect.
OU is falling victim to previous years and not having a defense, it’s warranted. They need to blow out Texas twice and continue to grow on defense. I see OU as being unbeaten and in that case they’ll be in the playoff regardless.
Wiggins doesn’t just cut it, the dude is paid max money and he’s so horrible. They should trade him for Dlo.
I was in the middle of doing Wybie forced smile makeup and my mom called me and said we was going to eat. I debated or not if I wanted to take it off or not
I’m at the “if I stop moving I’ll never get back up” part of the day.
Her car should have the bumper sticker, Moron on Board.
Don’t ask me to cut nobody off if you not doing the same
Almost everything we requested has some form of swear and when they realized, they would immediately switch it to bad country and the dance floor would clear. Not saying country is bad but they were bad country songs. Also had weird cult-y prolife statues on the grounds.
If your name ain’t on that lease this not the weather to be arguing in
Load of rubbish once again -Poor mistakes -No attacking threat -Rashy has no confidence -Pereira not a united player -Lingard a waste of space -Pogba being Pogba -James All okay though cause “Ole’s at the Wheel” Only positive was Mcsauce #MUFC #ARSMUN
I’ve made the decision to stop stressing about this semester. I do not give a fuck anymore
It’s so fire I literally think about it all the time I haven’t been since that day
Here we are. Go on now. Jump off the edge and call your Loftwing. It's almost time for the ceremony, so try to practice seriously for once!
the fact you have to do legit legal paperwork just to have an onlyfans is crazy lmaooo
Maybe it's just that I have a number of ... eccentric relatives, but I have no trouble at all believing that the answer is "no." Also no trouble believing that the answer is: maybe he could have if he'd pushed as hard as he possibly could, but that would have broken hi heart.
Let us pay attention to the next two years and see what the fallout is. Some of us see changes.
I agree....I think we all maybe shocked when we find out the whistleblower and his collaborators
Niggggaaaaa!!! I never got the jimmy hat on fake wee wee tho
So is that blond woman who was out in front of the White House last week telling lies and spinning - can’t think of who she is? Any ideas ?
Sis said school will kill her before the ghost and I felt ever inch of that in my soul.
We watched Into the Spider-Verse three times today. That movie’s the goddamn business.
The MSM should be prying into the corruption of ,    but instead of calling it out they are complicit in it.  is right again..”the media is the enemy of the people” #KAG #2020Election #Landslide2020 #DemsLie
The worst part of every 1st of the month is paying rent.
Don't worry we aren't. Lol, yeah, by compensation, you mean the amounts vic owes them already for the frivolous lolsuit?
If you aren’t familiar w the issue, don’t blame me. If you’re in here arguing he’s done nothing wrong but don’t know the details of what he’s been accused of, that’s on YOU bub, not on me.
Dude next to me in class wore the shortest running shorts tonight and he has the nicest ass. Generally I try really hard not to ogle like that but
Stop on by and say hello to us in the Madjax building this First Thursday during the October Artswalk!
I feel bad for the people who find my work on ffnet because i... am very bad at updating that...
Regardless of what one makes, living within your means, keeping track of expenses and prioritizing spending is very possible for many. As for the people on Twitter, those aren’t the people of poverty.
I got pregnant again in May, unfortunately we lost the baby, but I was wondering if I would have it again! I felt nauseous once in the time the baby was there. I was like “oh no” as soon as I felt sick
The misdirection to Jarvis with the Odell option was so nasty Freddy is about to get busy
When I get drunk I be in the bar shaking my ass like a stripper
Disagree...what is beyond repugnant is the demoKKKrat impeachment proceedings. It's not like demoKKKrats haven't thrown this country into a civil war before...
Fr bro ..he know his way home too so ima just check the pound and keep looking around for his hook ass
I want to see the DoJ filing. The Nadler/Pelosi position is "We don't need a House vote, it's impeachment if we say it is". I'll be disappointed if the response doesn't quote Honest Abe's old query about how many legs a dog has if you call the tail a leg.
Well I fell asleep on accident & I wake up & karsyn & jesse are gone turns out they went to get me the food I've been craving
i was trying to bring attention to your elevated humor but if a bitch wants beef, tell her i’m the cook
and there’s a difference between cutting someone off and falling off, and either way there’s no hate or anger built up for anybodyeven if you was the grimiest of them all
Take me to the rooftop, I wanna see the world when i stop breathing turning blue...
Does Dan Snyder even realize the amount of money that would be OVERFLOWING his pockets if we had a good/great team? Crazy to think about. #HTTR #Redskins
You guys are 100 miles behind, and lagging. Are any of you “journalists” going to ask why the Aussies needed to investigate the origins of the “Russian Collusion” BS fiction? Oh, no. That would be taxing to your pea brains AND you’re scared to hear the answer.
I'm trying really hard to be a winner rn but night classes really suck the literal life out of you, Dios mio
This is probably the most logical scenario even though I’m still backing HOU. But if I had to bet money on the postseason, I’d do this with Houston beating LAD
One of the few horror movies I never want to see again, only because I don't ever want to be that bored again.
One of my personal #lifehacks: I sometimes put on my headphones without listening to anything, just to blind out the noise in this world a little bit.
I think it's time for action. Never mind waiting for top reds to clear the fog. Fuck them.. they may be in the ground.. but forget them whos ready to go outside start to finish of a game and make some noise? Forget the scabs, we can do it without them... #GlazersOut
Why is there no media coverage of the auto workers strike?
Lmao Eagles fans think they got the market cornered on QB criticism
It’s required by the constitution so how is this news at all? Why don’t you report why the dems are moving forward with an impeachment inquiry without a vote???? ?????????? Go back to journalism school because you are no where near that threshold. I include all your staff
The DOJ, state department and former prosecutors have been in contact with Ukranian prosecutors and officials since April exchanging info on prominent democrats involved in corruption, not just Biden. this is a distraction from what coming.
#Repost jaelfumo • • • • • • 5 Years ago, “On September 26, 2014, 43 male students from the Ayotzinapa Rural Teachers' College were forcibly abducted and then disappeared in Iguala, Guerrero, Mexico. They were…
Although many of us were children when we first encountered the story, there are themes of genocide, torture, political oppression, censorship and the invasion of privacy. #cslewis #chroniclesofnarnia #humanrights #censorship #privacy
Happy for them and all, but sorry if I’m not ecstatic.  and  just got married for the SECOND TIME, and we can’t even afford to get married once. And we’ve been together for 4+ years... #justwanttobemarried
crazy how saturday night all the creators of vibe check were in one room
“But the Scriptures declare that we are all prisoners of sin, so we receive God’s promise of freedom only by believing in Jesus Christ.” Galatians 3:22 NLT
I deadass said blackface is disgusting, so tell me where the hell you read I don’t find it racist? what Bill did was wrong and deserves us poc an apology but I never said I don’t find it racist so don’t come at me.
Yes many “sane” and “logical” parents did vaccinate and something bery bad happened to their children and now they are EX VAXXERS who the media has labeled “anti” as a derogatory term. SO I GUESS 1 in 36 children is not reason for a massive investigation or concern?
Ok ok. Your right. It's only the 4th most racist thing a human can do. I just got served I think?
Dems are panicking for 2 reasons: The IG report’s about to come out & expose a massive govt spying operation against Trump in collusion with foreign govt’s & what the Obama admin did is a 1000 times worse than what they’re alleging President Trump did. Tick tock, chicken man.
Is it his duty to incite civil war, intimidate the whistle blower w death, call a congressman treasonous? Those alone are worthy of impeachment and removal from office and any true patriot or someone who claims to know Christ would know that. You fail on all counts! SIT DOWN!
This staff is hanging onto Zay too hard because they took him. He simply doesn’t pass the eyeball test. Time to cut bait
If we’re being honest, Burfict should’ve been out of the league for these dirty ass hits a while ago
Assange - Count One. What am I missing? This can't be the whole thing. Was this a joint indictment where Assange was only named in Ct. 1? Link to Indictment: https://www.justice.gov/opa/press-release/file/1153486/download …
The last 3 mths of this year is about to be so real I need to hit the lottery seriously tho
Is anybody else surprised that Mick Mulvaney hasn't been implicated in treasonous behavior yet? Barr, Pompeo, Rudy...I always figured Mulvaney would be in the club.
I've followed maybe 4 people over the last 3 weeks... but it's not my fault. Twitter won't let me follow people. I don't get it other than my numbers... following 4999 and 2622 followers. Sad because I've seen account following 10,000 with only 2600 followers.
    Educate me: Is this a "wall" to stop individuals in their tracks? A "wall" that separates one side from the other? Are those Hypocrite Democrats building a "wall" while demanding President Trump NOT build a wall? Democrat = daily hypocrite
 I’m one unhappy customer! Flew in from Bermuda today. This instrument was checked “priority” special handling and it comes out of the luggage shoot at #YYZ and look at the damage. I checked the slide but the tubing is seriously damaged. I’ll be in touch!
When the plane stops at the gate. Why do people rush into the aisle like it’s the damn Titanic?
Each weapon has its moves and that's it. I never really figured out how to shoot anything. I haven't played after the update so I didn't even get the new moves for the weapons. I did like my Palico collection.
Well bloody said! My two cents on the matter over here: https://www.handbookofheroes.com/archives/comic/off-the-rack-adventuring … TLDR: Running an AP does not give you license to put in zero work as a GM.
uh oh now im getting tweet mix-up confusion and i dont remember if this is in reference to the oj simpson thing or the rice krispie thing and now i get hungry every time i see oj simpsons face
i hate when people automatically say somebody going to hell for being gay in that case we all going bcus everybody sinning everyday, not one is greater than the other
Its like I'm laughing, aroused and disappointed all at the same time....girl...you have mad skills
Where is the vinegar and what the hell is mayo doing in my sandwich?? Is this a northern thing?
The cure The police Justin bieber Rauw alejandro Feid U2 Drake Travis Scott Vicente Garcia Monsieur perine J balvin Bad bunny Soda stereo Juan luis guerra Guns n' roses Tame Impala
We're watching The 100 and eating the rest now. Sorry!
He says he never saw any talking points?!? Hell, I saw the damn taking points! Everyone saw the talking points... they were e mailed to him and he hit on them though out this interview. I think that makes him a sycophantic lying #tRumpaPaLOSER supplicant.
"If you think wrongdoing took place, but can provide nothing more than second-hand or unsubstantiated assertions, IC IG will not be able to process the complaint for submission as an ICWPA."
I think he knows exactly what he is doing and always has.....he just TRULY thinks he is above the law. That’s why he is becoming more irrational each day. He is becoming dangerous and I am honestly scared for us all.
She used to take advantage of how insecure everyone used to be, and she made them actually feel better about themselves with her music.. and now she's hating the results? I mean...
I was at this game. Hines Ward broke Keith Rivers’ jaw that day. You could hear the crack all the way on the third deck. Steelers take cheap shots like this all the time
I’m sure you can find it it’s a government record. I have read the Mueller report and the call notes. I don’t subscribe to conspiracy theories such as yourself so I won’t waste my time trying to educate you.
The MSU Gruden account gave me a couple chuckles off the bat from the outrageous-ness, but fighting with 11's brother and calling 11 soft is just such a bad look. I'd recommend unfollowing if you followed. We don't need that type of negativity in MSU Twitter.
 Can I give you constructive criticism? John can be super passive aggressive with you on the radio, and it can be uncomfortable to hear. When your chemistry is good it’s great, but it can also be mad weird and awkward when you guys are off (a lot) xo
I have to miss the first day of ACL and I’m very very sad :(
The Ugly Side: Sacrificial Lamb 2019 is here!! http://divinegovie.com/the-ugly-side-sacrificial-lamb-2019-is-here/ … via
That Appears to be a bad link here in the US but, I found this https://mobile.abc.net.au/news/2019-10-01/iceberg-breaks-off-amery-ice-shelf-in-antarctica/11562886 …
Yea they were on it from day one but its Nintendo they're the Disney of video games cause no one else has build up their ip like them you cant compete. Most their mobile games dnt even do well tbh. The fire emblem one and Pokémon ones the only ones that make crazy money
Let Negan loose! I’m watching the return of #TWD Sunday 9/8c.
Right, more insults. doesnt change the fact the FDA sucks at monitoring. Our CDC says things are safe when they later find out they aren't bc they don't test efficiently. Manufacturers make shitty medicine thats overpriced in America and hide shit from the public.
It sucks to know that the better rappers in the past (in their prime) made these luxurious looking music videos with a high ass budget that some knew and some didn't know that the money paying for that wasn't theirs to begin with and was put in a hole by record labels and etc
You know you really like a nigga when he can’t spell and you read over the typos just bc you fuck with him
I couldn't agree more. He doesn't take serious business seriously. He actually brought shame on the House of Representatives with his SNL stunt.
Glad to hear it, I think a lot of the starters go through an initial rage phase.
Reject the traitors sf and anything they want as been proved so many times they do NOT have Irelands best interest at heart!! A truncoat can Never be trusted!! Np and ACI for next election the true republicans of Ireland!
Player of the Week: Tua Tagovailoa 26/36 418 yards 6 touchdowns. 4 rushes 1 touchdown. I know Devonta Smith had a record breaking day but what I got from that is...he must’ve beaten Ruggs and Jeudy in rock, paper, scissors.
 From the sublime to the ridiculous, OR simple "poetic justice"?: https://www.morningbrew.com/daily/stories/2019/09/29/credit-suisse-takes-neighborhood-feuds-international-stage …
BENGALS FANS - YOU get to call the first offensive play of the game. What you dialing up? #BengalsUKTailgate #DeepBallToAudenTate #FiveYardSlantToBoyd #MixonUpTheGut
A complete dishonest person. He is pathetic and has problems backing up the lies. He is both stupid and corrupt.
What? We now don’t want to know what happened in 2016 and the collusion with foreign governments? No Pulitzer for Jake! You went in all with the Dems and lost out on what will soon be the biggest story in years!
We’re forced to be still and play The same songs we’ve known since that day An imposter took our life away
That could have been the q flag but they added a stupid color.
I didn't intend to listen to the entirety of War of the Worlds tonight but here we are.
Dear Conservatives. You started the last Civil war. How did that work out for you?
THE BIG SHIT IS LIVE: https://www.twitch.tv/bigmusk
Biden needs to be investigated with his blackmailing of Ukraine & they caved so Hunter Biden was not investigated SAD THAT BIDEN CAN DO THIS BUT TRUMP IS Harassed for the same thing BIDEN & his son made millions off their deals with Ukraine & China DOUBLE STANDARD
I fear for my country. I remember the Nixon scandal and how my very republican father felt he should be impeached because no one is above the law. Most felt that way. Now party trumps what is good for America.
When baby in her game room playing 2k I know she be losing when all I hear is ”WHERE’S THE FUCKING D”
Exactly how do these Pompeo foreign pitches go? "Hey, you know our FBI and CIA, the ones we rely on for intel for international crime, ISIS, Iran, etc.? Well, we think they're not to be trusted, so we need you to do us a little favor..."
A criminal syndicate has taken over the Republican Party and the executive branch
Exposing the evil of the democratic party and standing his ground! My favorite part is yet to come when hildabeast and obamanation get taken away in cuffs for TREASON to this Nation! #MAGA #MAGA2020 #WAKEUPAMERICA
UPDATE: i did all that, and the powerpoint wouldnt pull-up. so nobody saw my powerpoint at all, and i wasted my dang time.
Yes, sir it is. Their actions have already tainted the future of politics. This is an uncivil war. Make no mistake. It is ugly and will continue for decades.
Its biased because it doesn't agree with my biased mind set, said the fool - its amazing how the blind see so clearly, you have video evidence of Biden admitting forcing Ukraine to stop an investigation into a company his son sits on, trump asks for an investigation into that...
I can see why people complain about the non stop songs in raggedy ann & andy a musical adventure but whatever I love them to death anyway so I don't care
i only added back bc they acted like they knew me, but... now i’m thinking they have the wrong person
“A year has passed since the departure of my beloved father #JamalKhashoggi. During that time, #SaudiArabia’s opponents and its enemies east and west sought to exploit his case, may he rest in peace, to harm my country and leadership”, says .
What's your concert history? First: Pxndx Last: Whenforever (Palmas Fest) Next: J Balvin Fave: Charles ANS Worst: None Seen the most: Division minúscula Haven’t seen but want to: Luis Miguel.
quantos % vocês tem cmg? 10% — monbebe 10% — panic! at the disco 10% — indie 10% — once 10% — rock 10% — queen 10% — book stan 10% — hyungwon, kihyun e minhyuk utted 10% — história 10% — tem pais separados 10% — marvete kibei do kibe
Oh just the fact UCF is restarting the streak, only lost twice in the past two seasons.
Told myself this was my last year doing Lost Lands....I’m already thinking that won’t be the case
We can no longer minimize the dangerous actions of the Left to sabotage our entire system of government.
Will someone explain to me why is Humpty bring in Australian Prime Minister in to help Barr??? I’m totally lost . Who in Sam HELL is running America that we out source our help now in the Whitehouse for help?
I don't like her. I think she puts the coasts down and would be a mediocre POTUS.
The fact that he resigned is astonishing given the teflon nature of politicians these days.
I hate when I get into bed to sleep and I just start thinking of the work I’ve been studying. It frustrates me so much cause I want to sleep but my mind keeps playing the work and then I freak out when I don’t remember something.
Why doesn't anyone EVER bring up all of Pelosi's corrupt connections and dealings! She's more corrupt than most of them! And how about Schumer! Oh yeah, the majority of our republican reps are cowardly wimps! Got it.
Run, rabbit run. Dig that hole, forget the sun. - Breathe
Damage?!? What damage has he done except to hold back the leftist agenda that you Hollywood types love soooo much?  does nothing more than spew a bunch of leftist talking points, that’s it.
Barr had him killed to protect trump. It’s as plain as the civil war brunch that is being planned. Cheese wiz
Praying for you and your family. Rest peacefully knowing that He has an infinite plan for us all and that she is resting well. No more pain, suffering or worries! She's the blessed one!
 well well well  another lie again! You did not read the transcript of  phone call because it WAS NOT in the PUBLIC DOMAIN! Are you really this stupid Nancy? This was in your whistleblower report who said the transcript had been moved!
"Oh, the Democrats hate Republicans, And Republicans hate the Democrats. The Elite ones hate people, And Independents hate them all" (A take off of Tom Lehrer song. See YouTube, Nat'l Brotherhood Week) :))
Now playing: Danny Bedrosian - New Clone On The Block http://MooseMagnificat.com
Well, one being might want the chaotic side to come back. They're chaotic in their own right. " It's okay, we can simply ease our way into the news. . . "
This is slightly misleading. It's good that the president is keeping jobs in the country that were already here. That is afterall an increasing problem. However, I disagree with the way he's spinning it. Apple was only taking these jobs away because of effects from his tariffs.
He deserves double the stars. It’s easier to destroy than create. His performance was immense. Not your best work.
No you are not getting the point. AR15's are not hunting weapons. Civilians are not meant to own one particularly a 13 year old girl, that is crazy.
Varsity falls by a score of 2-1. Made furious attempt to tie the game in the last 10 minutes but end up just short.
>> course Shakespeare's sonnets were a main priority to learn, along with math, science and all the subjects most kids learn. Thing is...I aced it all and I was only four. I started acting out, broke things just to feel anything and soon my parents decided to ship me off to >>
The Swamp Creatures slither to and fro. Their work is to beguile the foolish.
A man that believes there is an invisible Man in the blue are not too trust.
This is your version of the truth. You are risking your child’s immune system and genetic make up as there are aborted fetal DNA and animal DNA and other contaminants to theoretically prevent illness that are not severe or even contagious in childhood. They don’t even work!!
Sorry, that inspector general failed to take into account the treaty signed by Bill Clinton for bi-lateral assistance in criminal investigations, with Ukraine. Funny, how the Dems own treaty is defeating the.
Police* dance on national tv Me* shit lemme get the aux real quick I got you
If President Trump wants to stop all leaks fire all holdovers from the Obama admin, including CIA and FBI officers
The entire marijuana sentencing system is horrible. Federal needs to make it legal and release people in jail for it.
A popular thing to write for eulogies on TV is to say that the departed "Did not suffer fools." When I die, promise me you will let people know that I suffered fools! I still suffer them! I am in constant pain as a result of fools!
I've just watched episode S10E01 of The Walking Dead! #tvtime https://tvtime.com/r/1bhf7
I knew one person growing up who got it. one. it's out of control this year, even the er said that when I was there. it's scary as fuck knowing that people with even weaker immune systems than my own compromised one could get it and have serious complications... viruses are wack.
Does Tim Apple know about this ? You’re a congenital serial liar so excuse the skepticism #AdiosCovfefe
Another life just lost in #California. #POTUS, please end the suffering. #BackfireTrump
I haven't trusted Donald Trump, ever. I had no illusions (or delusions!) about what that liar would do to us, this Country, and the globe. Plus, I've yet to see one person he's brought into our government worthy of trust. They should all be flushed!
Telling someone to fuck off in the right setting is spiritual #GOLD
If I put words in your mouth. Then you know what Trump goes through every day. When you consider this thread is about the elderly couple being harassed. Them yelling Nazi's. Then you condemning Nazi's. In my mind, you were condoning them being blocked and yelled at.
the rich ppl advocating for climate change but do nothing money-wise themselves smell like swamp ass sorry i dont make da rulez king
 Is losing his mind right in front of the whole world. The amount of tweets this guy produces every day is a sign of the depth of his severe mental illness. He needs help! #narcissisticrage #ImpeachTrump
theynjust said they changed the requirements but u keep sounding like an ass
For Halloween month I’m now the scariest thing you can get in an email. Regards. Not kind or warm. REGARDS, Ambriel Addams.
Good thread debunking ridiculous attacks by Trump and his attack dogs on the whistleblower in their transparent attempt to distract from the substance of the report.
And no one stepped in to help them pass through... shame on the bystanders.
....... the type you ask em where yo friend at then be like “ion fuck wit bitches they too messy”
YouTube TV Eventually makes its way to Amazon Fire TV Apparatus Read the article here http://bit.ly/2n4ojmc #App #Mobile #Tech #Technology #AppDevelopment #Technology
Smart. Very smart. To all who are raged here, annoying, yes, but done for purpose. Mainstream media is bad enough already. No one likes this. But remember, it's the Oct. 21 voting that is going to count for everything. Hang in, Menzoid....love ya!
I hope this means he's going to apologize to the reporters and critics who he accused of being liars and purveyors of "fake news."
This is going to be brutal to watch. Sonny is going to the game!
When you're more offended than the victim... https://youtu.be/T0q2ZR4nBuE
A SEVERE THUNDERSTORM WATCH has been issued for the counties shaded in pink. Stormtracker 18 Meteorologists are tracking the threat and will have updates on air, online, and on social media if warnings are issued. http://wqow.com/weather/weather-now/2019/09/30/big-changes-forecast-this-week/?utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter_WQOWSchaefer …
Hit her with a “sis” maybe she’ll get the point then and just continue to do it till she stops. You gotta stop messing with the emotional attached ones, we’ve talked about this.
I have some serious qualms about the system, through which, points are distributed at Hogwarts... Its just such a poor and unstandardised behaviour adjustment technique
I'm in the same district. Poor us. til #BlueWave2020
Agreed. As a straight white man, I have no trouble with spending the rest of my life voting for anyone who's not like me. >_<
U want to cry for generations? For what? I rather weep for the loss of Rasululah s.a.w! Beating yourselves does what? That ish is retarded man. Don't expect us of Ahlul Sunnah to accept that BS. Hell no. Get over it or sterilize yourselves so u can't have anymore babies
Barr is not helping the US, only Trump, treasonous.
I would 100% kill the animal myself if I lived in a society where someone better at it than me didn’t exist. I value my own life and health over anything else in this entire planet because it is quite literally the prerequisite to my existence.
I am both. My family fought for both sides. I dont believe the Civil War was fought to end slavery. It may have been fought in part, but more like 30%-40% of the reason.
I’ve reached the age where nothing is more satisfying than a cup of coffee .
Horrible cluster headaches crown of my head around 4 am every night stomach ulcers from the ibuprofen nothing else works
The bit where Sonic dies and looks at you as he falls is too scary
She was at 5% back in January and February. She fought her way up into the 20s. Other candidates (Beto, Harris) were in the double digits and didn’t present a policy vision people could get behind.
gUESS WHO'S GONNA BE SHOUTING OUT THE NEW SONGS FROM FROZEN II i will annOY ALL OF YOU ON NOVEMBER 22
meg was actually emma stone first idk if you knew that but she dropped out (which makes sense considering the other girls do not look like ms watson one bit)
The products are weird, but these names? "Mayotard!" Everyone: Oh, no. Definitely no. "I think people pronounce it "turd...mus-turd" Mayoturd? Yeah, no. Almost as bad for completely different reasons "Mayomust?" Everyone: Well, I guess
ryan is like keep the camera if u want but the fans are going to kill us if we don't give them content
Im going to miss the podcast player and song identifier feature. YT Music does not have either feature.
Trump fans all that but if Pelosi don’t choke on the big stage I got her 2-1 CLEAR on cam
More likely the author has been bribed to write this hit piece. No links to credible sources, drastically reduced claim of demonstrator turn out, not even in the ballpark. Thought you were good  with your coverage on NXIVM but no, just trash.
Stop playing all the time i thought you wasn’t in the damn mood
The best way to get  to block you is to mention his felony
They have FAILED on everything to get Mr. Trump. 24/7 they try and try. WHY the hell would anyone ever vote for a DEMOCRAT??????????
Geez, guys. That ISN’T Mark Hamill so the answer IS wrong.
Just an FYI— An orange shirt is used in the USA on a day when folks stand up against bullying. That may explain some confusion here.
y'all my mom called at&t today... and this whole damn time, someone turned in my phone after the game to at&t...... ask me how played I feel
I think normally when it just says they’ve violated the rules it means they’ve been told to delete the offending tweets. He’s a serial abuser and troll and needs banning.
The attacks against him only strengthen the base, and none of these communist the dems prop up will beat him
My ass here at work sittin here thinkin... both them PI calls on Cooper was BS!!! Zeke elbow was down before the ball was ripped out and Kamara spraying his entire uniform wit silicone spray Slippery bastard!!!
I mean I coulda rob somebody for two tickets if u really needed it cuz that’s the only way
fuck society fuck capitalism i’m gonna go full feral and live in the woods
You had the thing about forced disability and then I watched it and now I literally can't stop thinking about it.
Half the people i know went to Greece this year while i sat around studying for a stupid test
You ever heard of the "badoo" menace in Ikorodu? That was it...
lol I really don't think they were dating at any point~ the rumor was ridiculous to begin with, no evidence, just speculations.
came to the bar and my crush wasn’t working so i stayed, and he just walked in, so kill me.
I will join them on my lame 49 CC euro scooter I use to get around town on the 25 mph back streets.
What if you don't really care if he gets impeached but you don't want anyone take the seat ever again?
Everyone just needs to keep the pressure on - full court press. One by one people are jumping ship, soon to be two by two. I believe it was  on "This Week" who said Dems need to slow down. WRONG, imo. Strike while the iron's hot!
I grinded in the rain and suffered to be where I’m at man. Half of y’all wouldn’t have made it. REAL TALK
This world gave me so much trouble as a kid. I can just hear the music.
If Burfict doesn’t get suspended for the season. Every team that plays him should put a bounty out on him. Fuck that guy.
I want to see the transcript of every call that bastard has made, not just the ones between him and Putin
Yeah i was also thinking FDCPA but I'm not quite familiar enough with it to really say one way or the other. It just *seems* illegal
Great video. How reparations embody the condescending evil of racism:
There's something like mass delusion on Twitter right now RE: attorney client privilege being negotiable. The Mueller/MSM wrap up smear really warped a lot of people. Shameful.
The second pic threw me off Even my sister (who doesn’t care about bolly knew it was Sonam)) i am the problem ignore me
Dude just make us write a discursive essay on why we want prism. Only 50 entries. No under the age of 18 allowed. They brick everything
The Democrats are causing civil war. In bed with foreign nations that hate us and globalists.
I wouldn’t have the energy to deal with that. No ways
To be fair, apparently Barr was auditioning contestants for Trump's new show, "Dancing with the Czars." Little did he know he, Pence and Trump attempting to dance out of prison sentences.
you , you , and you could suck the dick I never had ..
It no longer new to me, when he drop ojuelegba,daddy yo, low, expensive shit and come closer, many people ruled the songs out from the first week but last last Na una dance pass!!! I no you want a normal zlatan and naira Marley style but starboi is on his own lane man
We will have warm and dry weather in San Diego County, however there is a moisture pressure which could produce wet, rainy weather in Northern California and in the Pacific Northwest!
It's you and your minions that are corrupt, not the media. You are morally bankrupt.
Says the guy who always got another mans name in his mouth. If you trynna suck on deez nuts just ask
If our beef touch the internet we can never be friends or family again! That’s law!
Man Blinks are crazy. In a bad way with them thinking they're still the best
she wasnt 15 when she sad the children killed in Manchester deserved it and she laughed about heads in the bin.
I have decided when it comes to some matches we need to make sure there are no fluke victories. So, for the Men's Tag Title match it will now be a #DoOrDie Elimination Tag Match!!! And for the European Title it will be A Fatal 4 Way Elimination Match!!!!
If my assistant randomly flashed distracting cards in front me while working - like my iPad does - I’d fire them. “Apple Pencil Battery 5% Remaining”. You know what? Letting the battery die is less distracting then panic flashing me over it.
Get the nuke codes from him before he launches an attack on the house of representatives.
Watch the movie The Odd Family ‘zombie on sale’ #정가람 #이소경
Hey driver w license plate jjg999X you should feel bad about being a shitty driver Also lady in pink stop walking parallel to the street when there's a wide ass sidewalk right next to you Fuck Fuck going outside
“Out of our group three were white and three were black and they said to the black guys: ‘You’re good,’ and just attacked the white guys. https://www.breitbart.com/europe/2019/09/27/khans-london-16-strong-knife-gang-singles-out-white-victims/amp/?__twitter_impression=true …
History is being written daily. dims will be known for taking U.S. down the road of no return unless we the conservatives hold the line.
i be too excited when my mom cook . damn near post up in the kitchen until it’s done type shit .
NO! they deleted it! I think the incubus thing got them to leave!!!!
 should be expelled from the House #AdamShiffShouldResign
the way i can’t take both of you serious when you pout,, babie effect
Tis the season for one of my favorite #kidlit children’s stories, Room on the Broom on . Subversive and witchy, it speaks to an inclusive and diverse society that comes together to overcome adversity (I… https://www.instagram.com/p/B3DerOojY-w/?igshid=1bs0r53mqa7or …
Check the latest polls, Ronna. Support for the inquiry continues to rise. Americans are sick and tired of a liar in the Oval Office!
No argument there. I'd be a little bit clumsy with my gun around the mass shooters though. "You shot up a school or church and you want to lay your gun down?" That's nice... Oops
Why do people like Gina moan when there shouted at in the street? She stuck her nose in to a vote by over 17 million people, so people stick there noses in to her life.
Pompeo was involved and lied about Ukraine. Pompeo has been involved and lied all the way back to Khasoggi Murder.
She then commented, “We came, we saw, we killed him” Followed by the most evil calling I’ve ever heard Woman is a STONE COLD SOCIOPATH
The GROWN MAN with FOOLERY issues is AWAKE; FOOLERY ISSUES n I AM ME...
Led by Karletta Chief, a UA associate professor in , Indige-FEWSS is an unprecedented collaboration between the UA and Diné College confronting food, energy, & water insecurity among Indigenous communities #PuttingScienceToWork #WomenInSTEM https://research.arizona.edu/stories/navajo-nation-taking-clean-water-grid …
Living in a small town in the south sucks because if I go into any business more than 2 times they know who I am and try to conversate with me AND I HATE BEING PERCEIVED
Branding influences whether the feelings that people have whenever they see your logo are positive or negative! https://creatingwealtheasily.com/?p=1980
It's crazy, the moment I decided to let anything negative go I became stress free..
I was disgusted by the video as well! Everyone should be treated equally and fairly #gndr10002019
i believe in chase tbh and with the way mitch has been playing, he better come back from this injury with a fire under his ass or he won’t be a bear next year 100%
You idiots have been saying this for three years now. Face it, you lost and the more shit you talk, the more moronic you sound. How about getting some actual work done besides always coming up empty handed?
This is the dumbest thing I’ve ever read. If you’re not a good team, than why should you even get a chance? Bad teams don’t deserve to be in Postseason. Simple as that.
When do ee get to the part ofthe story where we learn Stephen Miller marched at Charlottesville, molested kids in cages, and has fled to Russia?
Kung ano ang inaga ng pasok ko kahapon ngayon naman ako ma late. the heck. Lagi ko ramdam ang strike sa brgy namin dahil sa mga jeep.
don't you just love that character played by ben platt who wears polos, is hella close to the character played by laura dreyfuss, talks to his dead emo boyfriend who killed himself and is overall a compulsive liar?
 Said this to Tony already, but...only way they would ever close the Tower of Terror in Florida is if this show is suddenly no longer in the cultural zeitgeist, but that will never happen
this my new 'hahahahaahaaha everything is burning and the golden dipshit won't stop talking' reaction image
Española had definitely been lost in the entirety of this whole epidemic. However, the valley stayed silent, the state stayed silent & this monster grew out of control. We should’ve had DEA & agencies stationed there. Nobody knew how this would take over & destroy people.
Evangelicals hold a key to ousting Trump. If they break for Sanford, it's over. But most national evangelical leaders have already made pacts with the Devil named Donald, to increase their personal proximity to power. Sanford needs to bypass them & speak directly to evangelicals.
You missed the point too...it was that it was a bad throw he was trying to save him from getting his head taken off
"The 80s: A Look Back" (published ca. 1980) had a version of this as well, with the Secret Service returning Tommy gun fire at armed members of Congress as the Presidential limo escaped down the Capitol steps from the SOTU
Don’t worry my dear , the Soviet Union used to parade their might , and it was made of plastic
Don't worry about how she perceived you. You need to stand up to get now so she doesn't do even bigger stupider stuff in the future. What the hell is Bonjela?
Sorry. You claimed that you used to be an insurance salesman but we have found that it's a lie. So it's you who is #NotAsAdvertised you dummy. And you messed up the hashtag #NotFitToGovern
Leave it to my mom to tell me the wrong dates to ask for off. >.> Now I gotta kiss ass and see if theyll switch it even tho it's already been ok-ed
While not the same thing, reminds me of an article from a while back about how Demolition Man was a huge turnaround point for Taco Bell (it's still funny their modern logo is the one invented just for the movie) but in general, it's the "no such thing as an anti-war movie" thing
"In short, the ICIG did not find that the Complainant could “provide nothing more than second-hand or unsubstantiated assertions." So that puts that spin to bed.
 get your banner off my Dish feed trying to explain why we don’t have  . We pay too much for your lineup stuffed with infomercial channels. Get. The. Deal. Done.
Wait—what the fuck? That’s N o a h. “Maybe it’s time to get that haircut after all.”
As a candidate, Nixon intervened in the Vietnam peace talks to ensure the war wouldn't end before the election. Caused the war to drag on for much longer and cost thousands of lives. Trump us a weasel, but don't make Nixon a patriot.
If you admit Trump lied or told mistruths to the American people over 10k times in 3 years, you would NOT do his bidding every day like you do. That would be extremely unhealthy. It's unhealthy to be in denial re his lies, but to know & do it anyway ... https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2019/04/29/president-trump-has-made-more-than-false-or-misleading-claims/ …
But who’s going to talk to Steve about his attempts to ruin the sport?
Where there is 1, there will be more. Since we’re talking Trump and his criminal ways: My bets are he has flexed his presidential authority multiple times, on multiple countries. He can not survive in this world by following the rules or the letter of the law.
fax ive been showing him the vines when he doesn't understand so he knows now, but idk how to show him spongebob
Skip argues about anything but the topic you’re trying to talk about
Another Day by Virginia S. Accurso The sun is going down, But there’s no reason to frown. There’s no need for sorrow, I’ll be back tomorrow. Spinning and knitting away, And hopefully some items to display.
Collateral damage dude. Though maybe if you would read up on how strikes work, and how they're about making the customers mad at the company to help the workers, you'd get it.
Minnesota, the new Battleground State We Shall Overcome.
You have to pay attention bro. Rewatch the scene when Benny pulled up. And listen to what he says.
lol bro you know I’ve been willing to get out of the game, hell you’ve seen me in two relationships.
I watched the first episode and I’m 60-40 leaning no for me. I need some theatrics in my TV. Gonna give it a few more
It will be hard for them not to sink when they are so busy with the circle jerk.
2) I loathe bumper sticker politics & the ADD of the American electorate but you gotta dumb it down for people. It’s not enough to have policies on a website. I haven’t watched a stump speech of hers in awhile I’m going to make a point of doing that this week.
We also had a DPA here during the SNCL affair. The issue isn’t the DPA, it’s the fact the Gov pressured the AG to interfere in the process regarding using it in a specific case.
I blame the whole of Parliament. At least Boris is trying to get us out!
I see two things. 1) The law never required firsthand information, 2) The whistleblower had firsthand knowledge, so the point would be moot even if 1) wasn't true. The form changed, but the old form just divided secondhand sources into outside source and “other employees.”
Tip of the drink too you too, Red. This season stunk, but your commentary didn't. It was like having a Cheerios and beer breakfast: tangy, weird, but altogether satisfying after a hangover from a Red Sox loss
So is threatening the President, but Madonna is still walking around.
Fellow WA vapers, I know the public hearing is at an inconvenient time and not accessible to a lot of people, but you can still call and email! Let the board know how your health will be impacted by this ban.
Dear Mr “President”, to misquote & incite civil war if youre ousted is worse than the crimes youre accused of. I know youre not saying it’ll happen, you want it to happen. Planting the seed. Brothers & sisters don’t want to fight one another. This alone is treason. Shame on you.
Oh honey...no. Just no. Please stop making it so hard for the Dems that will have to vote for you if you get the nom.
I think people forget that saitama was literally created to be the strongest most meme anime character ever. His whole premiss is to literally one punch people to death. No one can contest that.
Local 456 participated in the 4th Annual Stomp Out Childhood Cancer! The San Joaquin County Historical Society hosted the event at Micke Grove. We teamed with  to compete in several events during the fundraiser, and Local 456 presented a check donation! Great job!
UPDATE: COLLISION: #Hwy17 between Second Av and Garson Coniston Rd #Sudbury - Emergency crews remain on scene. Minor delays through the area. ^ag
【Despair】(n) the feeling of having lost all hope.(日)絶望・絶望をもたらす人or物 【ALIVE】
the way i screamed and grabbed kim when headache came on... i literally started my own little mosh pit i was going too crazy too stupid like a wild animal in the night
To blatantly plagiarize V for Vendetta/British folk poetry: "Remember, remember the end of September, Trump's election meddling plot. I know of no reason, that Trump's blatant treason, should ever by forgot." #UkraineScandal #Ukrainegate #UkraineTranscript
The Gather research team is working toward defining and understand technology-based risk-taking behaviour and decision-making to minimise harm and enhance well-being
Those people will find any excuse to once again shield their cultist leader from the responsibility he has to face. I liked Obama very much but when I felt he was doing the wrong thing, I said it. They should start being such sheep and think for themselves! #Deplorables
the ceremony can’t be over wtf it’s been 48 minutes stop making fake articles y’all are dumb
Hot take: you aren’t cool for being one of the hardest professors with the hardest exams. You’re just a shitty educator.
And I think this whole Muller Report and now Impeachment inquiry will hurt Dems in the election.
Always lies when it come to Judicial Watch and Citizens United. They probably have made a billion request for FOIA on democrats. You’ve made a fortune from books and documentaries on the Clintons that’s outright lies for decades. You have fanned the flamed
Every year I get sad that it’s 90 degrees and it’s technically autumn and every year I get sad that I remember feeling sad about this the year before but here I am still living in hot ass Texas
Shreveport LA, once had a corrupt commissioner of public safety, George D'Artois. When he was going to be arrested for murder, he holed up in his attic w/ a gun & typewriter. Trump reminds me of George. He's in the attic, and twitter is his typewriter. Guilty people type away...
Fair enough, 'M w'. I'm not personally the IC IG, and am not evaluating it in any other institutional context. Nor do I have the background required to assess what you've said here. Maybe reasonable laypersons can differ in how they interpret this very - abstract - complaint?
Joe Kelly’s last regular season outing went well. His final stat line? . His playoff preparedness? . Days until we drop the #JoeKellyPlayoffAnthem? No more than . Prepare ye.https://thebarkingcrow.com/joe-kellys-final-regular-season-appearance-went-well/ …
I sat in the dat damn sauna too long. Now I got that post third nut itous.
Are you really this scared of having to run against Biden? This is strange. It’s like Nixon was going to walk over whoever the Dems put up in 72, everyone knew that, and yet he still was good with the break-in and covering it up. Morons.
Theres some things you need to understand. 41 lawsuits means 41 prople just filed the paperwork. There actually isnt any substantial claim that truvada causes diseases. Ive consulted the CDC website.
Fucking scum, imagine screaming like that in the face of an old woman
When Oscar Wilde wrote “there are moments when one has to choose between living one’s own life, fully, entirely, completely-or dragging out some false, shallow, degrading existence that the world in its hypocrisy demands” I felt that
FFS Now  has on...wait for it..... racist  to cover more lies for Trump.  at this point is complicit in Trumps crimes by giving airtime to the Trumpers conspiracy theories and lies.
...And hypocritical failure to act (or do anything) on #immigration. It is also sad that #Blackmen have the highest rates of abuse against #Blackwomen; not either #whitemale to be 'blamed' here ( #Trump or her Husband). Irony is what you should see when 'you' look in the mirror.
lmaooo shut up I'm completely blocking the fact that you hate him from my brain
My apartment said they were turning off the water on Friday morning but instead, they turned it off now, and I don't know for how long, but I don't have any clean dishes and I'm thirsty and I really want to take a shower
"It soon became clear that China was not planning to honour its side of the agreement."
Five of the 37 people killed due to domestic violence in 2018 were from Marathon, Portage, or Wood counties. https://www.wsaw.com/content/news/Domestic-violence-responsible-for-37-homicides-in-Wis-in-2018-561820371.html …
These antifa members need to be taught a lesson this is just another reason why they need jailed. It's sad they represent the Democratic party
Bitch if I send a carrier pigeon, I better receive word within the fortnight.
First time I tried to book seats for 3 passengers and the amount got deducted but the booking got failed and got my refund
I sit back and watched you bring down this country .... How it's doesn't sit well with the most high... I warn you repeatedly of your actions
I agree with the law the way it’s intended, but this case is not the proper use of the law. She trespassed and is guilty of at least manslaughter.
He'll pay you $1000 a month, but supports the daily terror on our streets? Shame on  #StopScooterTerror
I will stop bc I know people are so uncomfortable talking about *emotions* death etc. I see the beauty in all and the links and think it’s time I start on that podcast idea. Y’all know I’m transparent af (& most find that refreshing) but I think the power of recorded speech is
I just had a customer refer to "the Asians" as "Ching Chongers". But racism doesn't exist
Oh it’s definitely the worst, especially when it’s Bucky.
vote C is for Cheddar please. It's the only t3 money ill ever see
Kyle Shannahan sucked his first year as an oc! The next year they went to the superbowl.
O you who believe, when you face the disbelievers in a battle, do not turn your backs to them.
[Coffee sucked up into his nose and he coughed, the sting from the burn making his eyes water.] I - I WOULDN'T SAY TH-HIRST-TY... [A few more coughs and Rhys is pressing his face to the coffee table, panting.] I would say it's to die for... much like someone else in this area.
What is there for those Irish (EU)citizens in the North of Ireland now the Brextremists and their DUPlicitous allies plan a hard British border in Ireland? A cordon of customs offices and mass surveillance of the community in the Border area will destroy trust and betray the GFA!
It’s bollocks. I went to see Nicky Morgan on Friday and told her flat out for 20 minutes that no deal was mental. It’s just spin. She’s taken a deal with the devil alright.
From 2013 to 2016 he only finished a full seasons twice. At the time he seemed to struggle run blocky with that hip.
y’all ever had shit come together but fall apart at the same time ?
Oh my god someone wrote my rant: We Need Harm Reduction for All Drugs, Not Just Opioids | The Fix https://www.thefix.com/harm-reduction-other-drugs#.XZKUS8Lg4aI.twitter …
Wow what a fucking legend, just imagine how much more paperwork would be required if that beer-girl-golfcart fucked up the plane
baby girl i got the flu or bronchitis and i have a midterm at 8:35am tomorrow... it’s just not realistic my brain will explode if i try to study
The creeping carcinogen of Labours commie dogmas, will slowly, if unchecked, destroy ones private rights to and of self determination...we are looming nearer a communist state /media /Good/ guns/speech/..not much left????..they've wrecked them all
Ye, actually got a fire danger warning message the other day.
The Historical Erasure of #Violence Against #BlackWomen. https://www.aaihs.org/the-historical-erasure-of-violence-against-black-women/ … via  It is ironic that #Blackmen are laughing because #StaceyDash was involved in a #domesticviolence case, & supported #Trump for President; who is satirically satirizing America's #sexism
My coworker said she was listening to modern baseball a lot and she misses them. The next song on shuffle was your graduation. Now I miss modern baseball
Trump’s tweets distract from the Ukraine matter, but we can’t ignore them https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/trumps-tweets-distract-from-the-ukraine-matter-but-we-cant-ignore-them/2019/09/30/355503c0-e3b0-11e9-b403-f738899982d2_story.html …
The Impeachment Theater Won’t Stop The Spygate Fallout https://www.theepochtimes.com/the-impeachment-theater-wont-stop-the-spygate-fallout_3100838.html … via
Who’s on the Trump strong-arm list? Ukraine UK Italy Australia I’d bet there are at least that many more. The president* is using his position and federal resources to continue chasing revenge conspiracies. The Republicans are backing this abuse of power.
At least one person after every Problems show writes to me to agree with one of the complaints.
Me : That sounds like a YOU problem. Also me : MY PROBLEMS ARE THE MOST IMPORTANT!
i protected him one time and he somehow managed to aggro miklan who started moving and met me when i was only halfway through the map which was stressful. it’s all your fault gilbert
WE DEMAND A PUBLIC APOLOGY FROM EA SPORTS - Sign the Petition! http://chng.it/dhbKYxVY via
【アニメ】学園侵触 ×× of the Dead 上巻 http://www.dmm.co.jp/digital/anime/-/detail/=/cid=stap00001/test012dmm12-001 …
Great Bumbling Billy start with the antifa goons who harassed and verbally assaulted an elderly woman at a PPC rally. I wish she would have smacked the little bastards with her walker
06.35 sat on my desk for the so called ceremony, with a glimpse of hope for a consolation strolling down family mart, and it's closed. If it wasn't for Tata Janeeta i would've broken in the store out of frustration.
   Does this mean that the sinking carriageway with road plate in place for around 2 years? Collapsed manhole frame, sunken valve chamber cover & Kerb dropped by at least 15cm fixed here? https://www.flickr.com/photos/h52/40746271412/in/album-72157684865323565/ … https://www.flickr.com/photos/h52/26918476188/in/album-72157684865323565/ … >>
That would be at odds with the recent act of withdrawing the whip from rebel Conservative MPs.
COULDN'T AGREE MORE KAK... and this is one of the reasons why i want to make it shdhhh
Poor guy getting the shyt beat out of him. With not 1 but 2 lovely female bodybuilders. I hope he got to bust a nutt.
My point exactly we both was looking crazy. Everything was so sticky and messy. He had Carmel all on his nose, hands, Carmel stuck between my teeth & the date had just started.  I’ll take a hot dog or something next time
All of this today..Lily was exhausted from the weekend..LOL #lilytheaussie #aussiepuppy #australianshepherd #puppies #bluemerle #winterpasthomeplace #aussiesofinstagram #dogsofinstagram #sleepypuppy
looks like australia is assisting in the investigation into fisa abuse and meddling in the 2016 election as well . tick tock .
3 different times coach left our practice saying “we were wasting her time.” My mom was the coach. I had to get a ride home
I had apparently blocked him already for something... guess this isn't the first time they've been shitty
Tired of all the political crap? Need a break from the real world? Need to laugh like a crazy person? Then try The Trouble With Tigers.
Everywhere I've been in the past half dozen years, I see trees in distress. I have not found a healthy forest. :-(
I am dumbfounded EVERY F___n Time he opens his mouth. I say out loud, “am I the only one that is hearing this “ He is a self basting turkey. But my question is, does he believe what he is trying to say
People should have surrounded these jerks instead of letting them harass this woman. Watching them do this is infuriating (the word is not strong enough to express how disgusted I am). Whoever raised these fascists, obviously never taught them respect either.
Please, tell me, how many people have been killed by #Antifa? At the same time, how many have been killed by the #AltRight? So, which side justifies and supports violence???
The fact of someone politically motivated doing this is just wrong in so many levels!!!!!!!!!!
THE WHOLE PLAN to overthrow Trump is soon to come out! BAD PLAYERS: Obama, Hillary & Billary, Brennan, Clapper, Baker, Comey, Mueller, Biden, Pelosi, McCain, Strzok, Page, Lynch, Schiff, Nadler, sooooooo many more...TREASON will be the charge. Treason carries the death penalty!
Conversely, he could argue that the senses in his Limbs and body were all present. So death hasn't harvested his soul yet. This unknown creature and foreign place would if he didn't hurry out of there. The touch brushes against his back this time. He felt like being lifted>
The girl next to him looks like she's mildly freaking out.
I keep thinking, what moron bothers to take a risk getting dirt on Biden when Biden has dementia and is never getting the nom
pls we get it the queer eye celebrities are trash we get it I understand can we close the discourse book and move on to the fact that I still don’t know if cupcakke fucked shawn mendes or not
 the people on my whatsapp are hating on my american self
How is this even a poll? He is on tape saying he could get away with shooting someone dead on 5th avenue in full view of witnesses. Anyone who says “no” to the first question is lying or lives on another planet.
Shut the fuck up, your social media team is probably the most useless arm in the system You do nothing, you can do nothing, you can't fix issue or connect people to those that can fix issues Your sole purpose is to give the appearance that you give a shit.
i don’t understand the lame ass shit you niggas do.
watching a documentary on any great male film-director is a game in two parts (1) the description of some horrible, impermissible behaviour, or pattern of behaviour (2) but boy was it worth it, ey? Sickening
I can't share a moment from Orange is the new black because fact is if we don't save our home there won't be anything to watch! Right now everyone should get off their asses and give tools to the people who give a fuck so we can! #SavetheWorld
forget what hurt you in the past .but never forget what its taught you #BOT
Fetuses. Not babies. And I assume you must be a vegan then? And you’re against the death penalty? Because killing is wrong, right?
I on the toilet and my man slip a $100 under the door for me I going tell him I wipe my ass with it
tsuki's eyesight must've been real bad if he's squinting his eyes like that without his glasses... totally screams 5.00/4.75 we on the same blind squad
Family & friends of Donye Lowther are gathered at the 2200 block of Fleetwood Avenue where police say Lowther was killed and left next to a dumpster after being carjacked and robbed. A peace march to stop the violence is starting as soon as Lowther’s parents get here.
The supply chain would be deeply disrupted. Travel restricted. Power outages. All of that would spell disaster for anyone who needs treatment or medication
The implication she's a "coon"? Way to perpetuate a racist stereotype, and from a black man no less. smh
They are so so bad. 130 million spent on their defence and they haven’t improved they haven’t. 80 million for Maguire if I was one of their fans I’d be sick over that. An extra 20 million buys you Koulibaly who is twice the player. Worst Utd team I’ve ever seen.
I was with my own group of misfits and the one place we stopped that had chili ran out
  Like I tweeted to you yesterday when trump tweeted a quote about Civil War. How about you look at your terms of service or remember the First Amendment right of your company.
can’t believe that men are threatened by other men doing well, offended by “men ain’t shit”, have the FUCKING AUDACITY to call women CRAZY or whatever for having their intuitions about situations and people.
The things people do for likes/retweets is really pathetic and sad
I dont ever call myself the goat thats what my niggas call me
He'll make some stupid comment on how the game isn't fun to watch anymore
Sorry I missed our Morning Tweets...I had a morning Practice Session starting at 7:26!...National Tournament Prep....But YOU are STILL the ONE!!!
 you said you’d deliver my package next business day after first delivery attempt failed because you “couldn’t access delivery location” today would’ve been the next business day and yet there hasn’t even been any updates in my tracking saying it was out for delivery today!
The official cheese of Benedict Cumberbatch’s Dr. Strange.
bitches put a “” at the end of there sentences because they think it solves everything and nobody can be annoyed. it’s me, i’m bitches
You literally worded it so wrong, and didn’t even create the correct scenario, You actually sound dumb. I don’t think you know what’s going on...
No he said maybe I could, not thus is how. Seeing as that was boat #4 in that episode if that was how he really did it we'd be able to see it in the walls and yard.
The new jacket raid. If you bet in ten days the new raid, you get a code and can get the jacket for 163€ (150$). Just saying not worth than the rest of the jackets.
#Democrats: How dare we be investigated , that's unconstitutional & a threat to the Morals of our Nation.
This attorney general Barr character is a freak isnt he? Positively eager to abuse his position in any way he can. Enthusiastic about fucking with the US rule of law. No loyalty to the country at all. #Barr #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachmentHearings
if i end up missing the 20:30 bus home and have to wait another hour ill die
O hell no we the people elect not the Congress time to kick people out of Congress, call your congressman/woman and Senators and tell them we want Pres Trump or else we will vote them out
i just wanted to find out what a casparian strip is??? what the fuck???
You decided he hid evidence. You decided he held up aid for political dirt. You should decide to look in the mirror b4 tweeting.
Only the INSANE / DARK SOULS on Earth want him to leave. You have no right to assume 7 billion + people are crazy evil, like you. The LIGHT: good and just people love him, and want you and those like YOU to leave.
No kidding and this September goes down in the books fir &my family. Went into September thinking I had a kidney stone and leave it with testing for possible lymphoma
May be you can’t digest the fact that minorities are subjected to systemic destruction in Pakistan . https://www.asiatimes.com/2019/07/opinion/pakistans-religious-minorities-continue-to-suffer/ …
You’re fucked, mate. You can’t not appear/produce by claiming privilege because it will be yet another nail in Trumps coffin. And you can’t lie if you do appear because you’ll go to jail. You can only plead the fifth, which will not help you at all.
I’m the biggest scaredy cat I know but look at me suggesting to my cousins to go to a haunted house this weekend
at least we can all agree the sword in the stone is the disney film with the worst restoration, right?
Stop that. No way sir. Maybe the 13 Model, not the Ray Allens
In short, basically some people don’t bother learning how to work and just spend all their time learning how to manipulate (control) people. Rent-seekers would be the lowest level (annoyed at my negligent landlord lately), but it goes up to infinity.
The American Dream is not dead, but the Dimms are trying to KILL IT
So you believe it is acceptable to threaten or withhold aid (approved by Congress) to a country invaded by Russia unless that country gives you dirt on your political opponent? This is directly what the phone call (released by POTUS, not hearsay) shows us. #NoStandards
It's hard man. But i'm working so goddamn much that if i don't meal prep i will eat GARBAGE and then I'll feel like shit. So i will continue to be bored for the foreseeable future lol
4 senior hurling teams in the county and they play a round each in July, August and September...chship should have been wrapped up a couple of weeks ago and all of this farce would be avoided!
Especially given that (chops-wise) he is the weak link of the original four-some.
 seokjin is not particularly fond of the boy (taehyung) who keeps telling him to stan loona
Yea keep eating the veggie meat bullshit full of preservatives #idiots
im too tired to take extensive issue with this. try telling the Police Services or any responsible govt they just need to get over smuggling, etc. and deal. and we shd just not live in fear of it nor have it factor into what kind of #Brexit approach we take at all. Come on man.
U ain’t been hip lol them old news . We been beating niggas ass n the all black
At the end I always knew you were only empty cloak and pajamas in the wind in the sunset of your career. A face made for voice overs. You must feel awesome beating up a lil kid due to His grandpa is. Sins of the Anakin father right Luke, not of the grandson maybe?
woooahh haha sorry i’m dodging all the hate ahah *woshh
No clue, apparently I have a type for guys who just randomly block for the hell of it
What the...? Mofo's still salty over your IR scene Bella? I dont understand why they would be bitter? Blks make up less than 1% of the industry + your resume will end up being mostly scene with white men/women because that's who dominates the industry SMH stop with the hate!
HERP derp. Take the Q deep state nonsense elsewhere. That bit is tired.
It’s dehumanizing infants in the womb. They don’t even get a chance at life. If that’s not dehumanizing then I don’t know what is.
Forget about HUNTER Biden & Burisma. That will all come out in court. But INITIALLY, please let's focus on the true key to the getting of this into the courtroom: The videotaped evidence of JOE Biden BRAGGING that as VPOTUS he extorted Ukraine. That is the lynchpin crime.
 in #London chatting w/  about #race , #LGBT , & #feminism The politically fueled racial tension created by the Democrats, LGBT and identity politics craze, and 3rd wave "Feminism" - All major threats #PragerFORCE ://www.crewfire.com/l/f1kJbsNVf-aSXeeTDFf …
"Nothing is lost or wasted in this life." - The Bhagavad Gita
No Civil war Nixon impeachment Nor Clinton!! Why the hell during #TrumpImpeachment
Prey tell Carl share that story of yours. Our President can't ask for help in getting information on a criminal act from Ukraine? Clinton formalized the process. The only traitors on this boat are all Democrats. They need to decorate trees like they use to do with blacks and Reps
i wonder .. if there is someone miss me in this time in the night ..
Can any of y’all in Hali tell me where the construction is around the north end / coming in from the 103? I have an appointment tomorrow and I got screwed by construction last time I was there so I’d like to have a game plan this time!
Or the fast food stand his fat ass had mounted onto his golf cart.
Baisden is concerned the debate confuses & distorts discussion about how agriculture’s nitrogen loss affects waterways. “The value of 6.9ppm in old frameworks was precise but nearly meaningless...The new focus is on the water system’s ecological health" https://farmersweekly.co.nz/section/agribusiness/view/nitrogen-limit-worry-unnecessary?fbclid=IwAR2jJAcYdFp-qX6MYUdvW3R8bhVI0q4pl1MeKmt0GYo4RGeL-dKtTM9trCM …
Trump looks like he got hair extensions and the priest on the right looks like a serial killer caught in a surveillance video
Most guilty people see their accuser for the first time when they commit the crime or when being convicted in court. Waiting for that court date with goosebumps. How 'bout it fat donald?
Me showing up to the funeral 1 week later in his skin after disappearing with it
Metro needs at least another 15yrs out of the Sounds/First TN Park location to pay off a reasonable portion of the debt service owed on that project. Major league and AAA baseball can't co-exist in a market of our size, so, umm, how would Metro balance that theoretical issue?
“It’s a white man making cupcake cry, cracker taunting Nicki 24/7 he’s fucking obsessed” lmaooo how can y’all not stan Azealia the Problematic Queen
I was just thinking the same thing! So many crazies out there who love Trump and would follow him into hell (where his presidency is headed, btw). They would start a war if Trump's removed from office.
This is the case where people were all “yeah but he might have had pot” after it broke, right? The distortions they go through to excuse this stuff are disgusting.
#gasakure was killed after trying wrestling away a police officer's gun, #toy was killed trying to run over police barricade . #seth and #karegeye were killed on foreign soil #Govt of Rda respects the sovereignty of other countries there4 it can't conduct crimes on foreign soil.
So now that California passed a bill to pay student athletes...all the top tier athletes will flock to states that pay them and destroy recruiting/competition.. I don’t see how it works unless every state passes it..
Considering the spy’s sent into the Trump campaign, yeah, they are getting to how this crap got started! Sorry, you lied to the American people for 3 years! The people know more than what happened then you do! Pathetic!
Just another lefty traitor telling us to ignore the democrats openly committing treason. Don't listen. The republic us on the line. Don't let these bastards have it.
Of course the police don't want the law abiding public to have guns, because when they come to kick down doors they won't have any opposition....the police have become the American version of the gastopo!
sitting in the toilet and thinking about my enemies
People who put chocolate in the freezer so they can eat it when it gets hard are psychopaths
U need to look in the mirror and finish that fight cause your only killing yourself bro
Yeah, it's irritating that the automatic assumption is that you Don't Know the Thing
HEY! Since she obviously has no clue about impeachment proceedings, I would like to jump in with another grand! Never thought i could make money out of Trumps misery!!! Did you guys already made the contract?
Never forget Pompeo’s sell the out to Trump. He is done politically. His blind sycophancy to Trump must follow him for the rest of his life.
No matter how many times I tweet the same shit everyday, the situation doesn’t gonna change anyways.
No, I do. I... everything you’ve done points to the fact that you hate me, but now you are saying otherwise. It’s simple really because you just- *She suddenly pauses, having no idea how to finish that thought.*
#Worstgovernorever he making bills for me everything but get the #homeless vets & people off the streets of #Dirty, nasty, #sinful, evil, #corrupt #California.The home if #Hollywoodfilthy.When will the #Homelessness get taking care of in #Sinfulcity  is a #despicable.
Oil is the Grim Reaper ( pollution and wars ). Anything clean is better.
Day 1: The Thing (1982) Its about a shapeshifting alien discovered in an outpost in the Antarctic that, one by one assimilates the researchers. People slowly lose their trust with each other, as they can be no longer human. HIGHLY recommended, the monster is terrifying as hell
Just keep in mind that trump has been elected president of the United states and look at the mess he's making. So No, a waiter, although it doesn't matter to me what you do for a living, should not qualified to run a country.
Segundo póster oficial dedicado a Star Wars: Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker, s estrena a nivel mundial el próximo 20 de diciembre de 2019.
i dont like sophie that much about firefox in a standard with a viewable video format. fuck you” i like the facebook of gamers who mostly like sleeping
I remember Clinton's impeachment. Lying about getting a bj is much worse than colluding with foreign countries for political gain, and you are a partisan hack. It's as true today as it was in the 90s.
 Mr. President, is there any legislation planned by the #DoNothingCongress that will prevent pharmaceutical companies from producing tainted medicines and supplements in nations that are hostile to the US or is  too busy with her coup?
The line between collector and obsessive hoarding crazy person is a fine one.
I don't think they have cast the part of the whistleblower yet.Dems & their treasonous rogue CIA operatives are desperately seeking someone to be their patsy. It's like applying for a job to work for the Clintons. You may never be heard from again some day.
“same cases counted twice” and conflating homicide with warfare
She told them that she recorded a song and they just let her have the time... I’m sick.
Democrats accused Russia of interfering in our election! President Trump wants to investigate Russia interference! Democrats are upset that President Trump wants the truth! Could Crowdstrike be the reason????? Democrats scared????
One week in twitter jail over! . I bet no one actually missed me . At least nothing much happened during the last week...
This. My spidey senses were tingling the first time I saw this. Kuda kuvhundutsa vanhu. I don't even rock with Nelson or MDC like that but I can't sign up to Bullshit being presented to me as important fact.
This is what they say is a vicious return to the first square and the ghosts of Saddam and mass graves, and the rule of the tribe and the small group Tkzm small and under the pretext that Iraq is a Shiite majority Wu
do i have the flu or did i just only eat energy drinks and antidepressants today
I find it the most terrifying when the guesses are all correct
I’m in desperate need of beta readers for my novel, Radioland. It’s a contemporary political novel. It’s is posted on http://Betabooks.com . I’ve received one not so complimentary review with no explanation. Pls go to the web page and read what you can then tell me your opinion
Blinded by the bubble more than outright stupid. They believe information that is false and are caught when the lies are exposed.
The judges also seemed to understand that the DOJ can’t have it both ways: They can’t say that the very specifying (to an individual person) phrase “of another person” in the statute means that website operators’ fears are ununfounded, while also saying that the intent of the...
 do you really like trump, an immoral person who is hurting our country. I love my country. trump is the antithesis of a patriot. Why do you defend this awful man?
every tarot card video I’ve watched on YouTube has been 100% correct each month,, at this point ,; the tarot YouTubers prob know when I die
They be beating each other up in the mosh pit , I don’t think a few braids scare them
Just met the Dark Destroyer from the chase on a night out, usual night in Stoke?
Based on your own footage he was arrested in the hospital?
#chloe.khan:⠀ ...⠀ "I don’t post my personal life but I’m putting this out there to make sure I don’t go back to this peice of shit . I’m now single and free away from this negative , manipulative person who doesn’t only look like a fat raw potato but he has the I.Q of one a…
I haven’t been on this bitch In 3 years? I feel so out the loop
He should be able to confront and question his accuser directly. Fortunately this will not be college campus sexual harassment allegation with no ability to examine the facts and confront the accuser.
Yup. IMHO it’s a shitty user experience. The other users privacy gets destroyed and creates this ridiculous tension that doesn’t need to be there.
Bill Barr isn;t serving his country..he's serving one man...Donald J Trump. We know who took the Undying Loyalty Pledge and betraying his oath and his country while doing so - not to mention the rule of law that he's shitting on.
What did she dare do to deserve the wrath of these basement dwellers? Hit them with her Walker, dog cuss them, spit in their face. Oh wait, she's white that's the first offense, second she dared to try to walk in their path oh and wait for it.. she didn't agree with something
The second we get rejected we act like you don’t exist. Men would rather stick it out and further embarrass themselves, lol
Next point. If Trudeau slimes his way into the position of PM again and then they investigate and find him guilty then what? How banana republic are we going to look when the world finds out we stopped an investigation so the person being investigated could run for PM?? #Dumb
dude i know. he outpointed romero in one of the broken hand rounds as far as i remember. hes insane
It’s so many fake people in the world but everybody claim they real.
I used to drive a busted ass S600 around with the highest level of disdain for myself.
I'm watching aliens as we speak on the History Channel they will always keep it a secret but they keep spending our money on investigating and searching and research is our taxpayer money that they're paying them to do all this secret dirty work we know it's true we know !!!
Well of course he would say that. Your an idiot. He also said he didn’t want to be in the middle of this and had no comments.
No. Don't. Bless them. The guy can barely type without falling over. I wouldnt trust them to boil an Egg. Embarrassing.
Stop the whining and crying Hillary Run Please run in 2020 so I can watch President Trump beat you all over again. Even with all your corruption you can’t win. Hillary you are a looser not only in politics but in life.
Civil war!....Seriously! Get yout corrupt ass out of office before you destroy this country. You already fucked the Republican party. Please do us all a favor and resign. Openly dangerous!
The collection plate is going to be heavy. Bet after this rappers start opening churches, cuz u niggas stupid!
Ptdrrr attendez c’est même pas top 14 Vraiment déçu, on m’avait vendu le bail comme la dernière des séries de gangs Narcos Snowfall Sons of Anarchy Mayans MC Breaking Bad The Wire Gomorra Peaky Blinders Top Boy La cité des Hommes Bad Bloods Fargo Les Soprano Better Call Saul
Brace yourself for him to have not miscommunicated it at all. Much like teen's recent "write about your own personal experiences with bullying so we can hang them on the classroom wall" assignment, I find teachers sometimes get carried away.
History Will not be Kind to the Future Generations of the Evil and Debased Political and Media Actors who have Bolstered the Immoral Depravity of the Rich Plutocrats as they Advanced the...
Only someone with privilege can say some dumb shit like that. They can afford to ride out the results of losing. The guy is a turd.
Bizarre is putting it mildly. How about misinformed, evidence-free, speculative, moralistic, and delusional. If he thinks fear of death will stop drug use, he needs to go research countries with the death penalty. But that's right, it's not about evidence, is it?
Immediately Arrest and Imprison Treasonous Traitor Trump and the entire Compromised GOP
Trying to create a spooky layout bc October is the best month ever but STRUGGLING.
roberta all the way! lupita is like me, crying all the time. what about you?
For web from my laptop. There is no icon that appears when I hover over the image.
Listening to the rain hit of my bedroom window is making me want to turn my alarm off & not go to university tomorrow
I will never understand people who trick their kids into eating vegetables. Are you the mf parent or not? Pussies
sometimes . all we need is a notif from the person we miss everyday
If you have waited awhile and now have a pneumonia then you should probably see your primary care. I just hate seeing people go to the ER for the common cold and back pain and they wait 3 hours for ibuprofen or Sudafed.
Byleth gets to remove the mask on a tender moment and they think that there’s going to be a giant scar across his face but he just has an old tattoo that says “party rockers in the house tonight” that he got as a teenager and is embarrassed by
Tony posted something on Instagram that makes me feel like the fights made but not announced yet
--applying more pressure over the strained muscles on the woman's darker skin. "I don't usually do that...ever, but you are so stressed back there...And what do you mean touching you down there?! You are the one who brought yourself close!!" It sure did happen, but he didn't--
the worst feeling: wanting to cry but having to hold it in bc your in public
GO WATCH THE VIDEO OF TONY HAWK TEACHING HIS DAUGHTER TO DROP IN. ITS WHOLESOME AND HEART WARMING.
The reality is even worse than I could have imagined
Suddenly now you like Fox News? But I thought it was the playroom for homophobic, lying white supremacists?
You are the lie, all to protect your boss and friend from his own stupid mistake. Nothing you can say to justify #Trump wrong doings
So I'll have to do the pizza alliance thing later. Probably won't be out tonight sorry.
Gimpo, South Korea: Shut down the illegal dog farms! - Signez la pétition ! http://chng.it/kZjQpSmY via  Gimpo, Corée du Sud: Fermez les élevages illégaux de chiens!
The look on his face makes me feel like he did this as a joke and the people at that school hell for going along with it
I am not disagreeing, just saying we left the GOP, because they do not stand for conservatism. Now that does not mean I went over to the democrats, to hell with them also!
Oh totally, the controversy leading to GB'16's release was a shitstorm. Only reason I don't call it defining is because barely anyone remembers the movie itself, and even the controversy behind it has died down significantly. It might be brought up again when the new GB comes out
And fill Kiricake up he would. Grunting, Bakugou slammed his cock into Kiricake, smashing bits and pieces decorating his mouth, remolding the gum paste of his teeth.
I would be scared to see how poorly they would be rated. At least the games we have now are from the Petrino era lol.
1 bullet to the head will tighten all that shit up....nevertheless its impressive
YAAAAYYYYYS! My favourite place on Earth, sadly not for the reason named in the article.
Bombing Serbia was a family affair in the Clinton White House. #HillaryClinton revealed to an interviewer in the summer of 1999, “I urged him to bomb." America’s Forgotten Bullshit Bombing of #Serbia - http://CounterPunch.org https://www.counterpunch.org/2019/08/20/americas-forgotten-bullshit-bombing-of-serbia/?fbclid=IwAR0RJx8g_BCzve6XH6JfntBqtMgg-W6mFjyoVtbtBzoRtOSL9ip2XwQCQRw … by
Compare the circumstances. No comparison... #ImpeachTrump
Literally hiding behind the story of a real Black person who was actually oppressed so he can chicken out of answering for his statements while he comes up with his next angle. Oh Andray, this is just shameful.
Poor Pedro. Your completely speculative theory that the ICIG changed this form BEFORE the whistleblower filed his complaint is objectively wrong. The guideline at issue was given to this WB. Guess what, he had first hand info also. https://www.dni.gov/files/ICIG/Documents/News/ICIG%20News/2019/September%2030%20-%20Statement%20on%20Processing%20of%20Whistleblower%20Complaints/ICIG%20Statement%20on%20Processing%20of%20Whistleblower%20Complaints.pdf …
That's why you shouldn't believe anything ole says in a press conference the guy has completely lost the plot he has flip flopped so badly he's not the same guy he was when he got the job he's just jose 2.0
This was only the 2nd week of October and chucky was on the 4th line. That’s tough
What was the issued sleeping gear or whatever at that point? I don't see that as terribly practical, but that doesn't mean anything
UNDO THEIR WEAPONIZATION. THE UKRAIN CRISIS HAPPENENED BEFORE THE LAW WAS "CHANGED "
The Trump-Ukraine Scandal, Explained | NowThis https://youtu.be/sansYtYl3gA via  #TrumpImpeachment #UkraineScandal
sorry that the real world doesn’t cater to your trigger warnings
Nope, this criminality is part and parcel of Trump's lifetime modus operandi which includes his Russian money laundering. Only Trump no longer distinguishes between what is legally permitted to him as the POTUS and what is permitted to him as a citizen. https://www.marketwatch.com/story/trump-pressed-australian-pm-to-help-barr-probe-origins-of-mueller-investigation-2019-09-30?siteid=yhoof2&yptr=yahoo …
No es tan difícil entender, que los manipulan diciendo que  robó, y aparte dicen cifras exorbitantes. 70 mil millones. Saben que esa cifra es lo que vendió The Avengers en su estreno. Donde ocultan esa plata? Todo es mentira de prensa.
Tom Petty - Change The Locks https://youtu.be/h0OKGLwW1Cw
I’m tryna watch the movie where Will Smith beat his own ass
This goes back to Henry VIII's expansion of the definition of treason to cover those who wouldn't swear to the line of descent of the throne established by the Act of Succession. The Founders, unlike 90% of modern-day commentators, knew their English constitutional history.
Ive literally hated liu kang in every single thing he's been in except the first movie
One of the MANY reasons why #Peru is in crisis. https://elcomercio.pe/politica/justicia/seis-postulantes-al-tribunal-constitucional-registran-denuncias-en-fiscalia-noticia/ … via
Shouldn't the kid be on his phone playing a game instead of looking at nature. What a loser.
I'm almost certain the whistleblower is someone Pelosi/Schiff groomed to take the blame just in case things don't turn out as expected.
I extremely doubt it, if anything the extreme generosity has sturded up more anger than immigrants being mistreated
Looks like the failed NYT's will have to make another retraction!!!
CROOKS can DUPE kooks to believe their fart is THE LAW. NO PROBLEM, They have the skill and technology. http://ilaw.site ICBC CRIME REPORT
If my brother comes in my room one more time bullying me for playing roblox I’m deleting his steam account I have the password :)
The first time I went curling, the ice manipulated the momentum of my front 4 teeth. Not pretty!
These fabricated hate crimes are the new face of bullying these days
Seems like you’re nervous. Maybe Australia, UK or the Ukraine has dirt on you, possibly?
Donald Trump is a criminal. These activities are impeachable offenses. Every member of Congress should be on the record in support of an impeachment inquiry and a fair and open impeachment trial in the Senate.
ur video-ographer missed out on the squad of alien babies (ur children) in VIP(4/5th row) !!!! we thought you’d see
Trump has now been accused by a whistleblower of asking Ukrainian leaders 2 interfere with our election system by digging up dirt on his political opponents, &then Trump himself admitted—ON CAMERA—that the call took place.
the biggest problem I have w/ the OECD report is socdems like Bernie claiming that the US is at the bottom of the list, whereas there are many, many countries in the storm centers of capital that have far, far higher rates of child poverty, but he can’t fckn mention imperialism
sarcastic but secretely soft himbos with a single braincell that sometimes snaps are the peak of male character design
No-deal Brexit / WTO tariffs paid by importers of UK exports: Beef 84% Cheese 57% Wheat 53% Butter 48% Lamb 48% Pork 30% Potatoes 11.5% Fish 9.6% Current EU membership tariffs: Beef 0% Cheese 0% Wheat 0% Butter 0% Lamb 0% Pork 0% Potatoes 0% Fish 0% Spot the problem.
The Mueller report confirmed what we already knew: Trump abused his authority, violated the law, & tried repeatedly to obstruct justice.
A pathetic weak political pawn with the same corrupt values as Trump. #ETTD
My next big apex tage is in the works, clips are absolutely insane
Ford and the dems attacking Kavanaugh. A black former NFL player hate crime was a hoax.
</3 im sorry. it really is the worst. sending a goose your way to clear a path for you as you take a break outside
I've stopped for tonight, and will continue tomorrow evening. Ran out of duck tape which is on order for then. Once it's set out, I can move onto taking the patterns for the fur fabric.
OK, cool. Now imagine that happened again to you, but you’re super-famous, and 99.5% of the media hates you and promotes anything negative about you regardless of evidence. Still chill?
Okay but why do all the alien languages have that? </3
What dumb bitch goes to bed at 7pm on a Monday. It’s me I’m the dumb bitch.
If you don't know the trees ,you might geet lost in the woods ,but if don't know the stories ,you might get lost in life. ..
 is complicit in allowing racism and racist attitudes to flourish in the PGPD. #pgpd15
The goose is canon in Undertale, I am not accepting questions at this time
"the trick is to win in private but let them think you're losing in public" -SC
The question isn’t about him playing key games, it’s about his knee not feeling good and not being able to compete at a level he wants.
If a husband desires, for some genuine reason, and under Divine law, to avail this permission, and his wife is not happy about it, she has the options to demand divorce, and be rid of this anxiety.
I lay the blame for a bunch of that on the shoulders of a certain tgtf ero series someone sent me as an impressionable teen. Though, since figuring myself out, I've been unable to locate those stories again to properly gauge just how much they messed me up.
He was literally a partner with the infamous andy "race" warski who tried to instigate a fight and have his friend shoot jewish people.
it is not a racial slur it’s not like i said originated from white people ... nigger originated from whites and was used for blacks - racial slur .. see the difference?
I think the media is too busy reporting the attempted impeachment scam right now.
He needs to solve the problem quick, fans are turning on him.
i got a sketchbook JUST go inktober and the paper makes the lines fuzzy a little IM... i going to make it work but i am sad
of course he is. Its the city where the megachurch baptist pastor is advocating civil war if he loses.
His current troubles are the tip of many icebergs, GOP sources say.
I cant stand when people say white privelage exists Anyways, ive been trying to buy the new iphone 11 and no one has the color i want. I hate my life.
WE'RE GOIN AWAY FROM THE POINT. WHATCHU WAITING FOR MAMA ME WANT U TO KILL ME NOW PLEASE. KSKSKS.
  From Lincoln’s Dad: Zolgensma for Lincoln Dellamaggiora! If the story of our appeals and Kaiser's denials were front page news the world would know just how badly Kaiser has hurt our family. Time 2 make it right. Zolgensma for Lincoln now!
The Green Man #BlueWave2020  · 6m Replying to  Ok. That's it. You're willi g to defend a man who is on tape saying "... grap 'um by the pussy," but you draw the line at sonafabitch for Biden? Fuck off. My retort follows...........
Socialization teaches us just the opposite. Our problem starts with ourselves.
Man shout out to my exs mom real fuckin shit. Great woman in more ways than. Im knockin niggas out for mom dukes any day of the week no cap
Another misleading headline from NYT. Actually Barr asked Trump to ask foreign leaders to help in the 2016 election fraud.
Oh wake up the document released by th White House shows he's guilty. Then we find out the Secretary of State was on the call. He's toast and you know it. #ImpeachmentIsComing
I feel sick. I don't know anymore what the f**k to do about this stuff. My heart is breaking. My mother loved elephants..probably as much if not more than she loved us. She died last year and if she hadn't ..this would have killed her.
They have no obligation to retreat and why were you in your home in the first place?
Like I have mention in other tweets. He reminds me of Joe McCarthy. Given a little bit of power and he will do anything to stay in the spotlight and frame questions that no matter how you answer, you are guilty of something. I call it Schiffism
Go to Venezuela they said, learn a new language, see history in the making, understand Democrats really well they said, lose weight. No thanks. Fight for #MAGA2020
UH.OH, WE CAUGHT ANOTHER LEAKER IN THE WHITE HOUSE. I THINK YOU ARE GOING TO BE IN BIG BIG TROUBLE SOON.
I’m screaming all the girls are fighting and Lizzo just staying quiet she better defend herself
Last time YOU checked there was no shakedown period. Not in the phone transcript nor in any first hand testimony. PERPETUATE THE LIE LONG ENOUGH AND PEOPLE WILL BELIEVE IT. THIS IS THE MOST SINASTER OF EVIL
Since the Scheer lie scandal I've just been throwing punches without reading too far back into the threads I've commented on.
I’m saying when you know an anime is for a manga you like is coming out and is new, youre going to get fans of the anime who dont care to read the manga. The very basic thing you can do is avoid talking about major spoilers, especially if youre a content creator for the show.
Ideally as an AR you want to be eyes forward on the line and *hear* the ball being kicked as your marker, but 70k screaming people in a Premier League stadium makes that a lot harder. He got it wrong, obviously, but this is hardly a preposterous mistake that no one could make.
Why do ppl try to run your name through the mud when things go bad? Saying shit that you don’t mean when you’re hurt is careless....
You should! You should! Man, tfw you enter the first level, are immediately met with a lava imp, somehow survive the battle...and then are killed by a spider. All you can do is click "New Game."
maybe you could stop somewhere and take a poll of truckers or whoever and see if they believe the Bible. stay safe..shouldn't drive if overtired you know...
we say the word vagina no fewer than 4928845 times in tomorrow’s episode #tlgpodcast
why do they keep talking about al goreisms in my cybersecurity class. i get he claims to have invented the internet but he's kinda weird tbh
  should look at the closed investigations and quit wasting resources.
I design call centre systems like the one you’re using Your canned response tells us all, we should not trust you Thanks for the lack of effort
They all are dead lakes left there, fortunenate nature can heal herself but it will take a long time, and so all that we can do is to watch the beauty and tragic of a death lake. Its a reminder for me that ALL actions have Consequenses.
This + a good ass snack and the show you’ve been binge watching >>>>>>>>>>>
Is it counted as a sin selling feet picks on the internet? Just asking for a friend.
This entire tweet shows that no one learned from the curse of last years Celtics. Teams will be doomed by these tweets annually on media days around the league.
ALL ANTIFA PROTESTERS SHOULD BE TAKEN TO THE BORDER AND SENT HOME !
Mr. President, Why can't most of these people be charged or fired? I believe in transparency 100% sir. Follow your heart and end these narcissistic people destroying the people of the United States.
See, but many states don’t have common sense gun legislation such as being charged with a felony if discharging a firearm under the influence.
If people really KNEEWWW wtf and htf I really come. I swear people wouldn’t even DAREE!! Would probably be scared shitless. But the God in me.....
木を切り倒すのに6時間与えられたら、私は最初の4時間を斧を研ぐのに費やす Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe –エイブラハム・リンカーン
The MSM is currently “breaking” stories those of us who’ve dug into the Russian hoax have been openly talking about for months. Media echo chambers have their consequences.
If anyone has anything they’d like to say to me before shit goes south, let me know here. I doubt I’ll have a connection on the streets, electricity and all that.
Everyone be recording the #BBNaija carnival and be tweeting as if nah only them get television and subscription....
Rifles are not the problem. Rather they are a scapegoat for a political agenda that is set upon stripping you and the people of your power, right to personal protection, and constitutional rights. Remember, the 2nd Amendment guarantees the rest of our Amendments!
i mean im like inbetween crying and wanting to sleep and you are the only one on my tl, i can see the genius u are
Whataburger says the Breakfast Burger is available for a limited time between 11 a.m. and 11 p.m..? Who sets an alarm during those hours?
He had 32 goals with dubinsky centering him.....most disrespected man in the nhl
I wish that everyone would leave, Mr. President Trump alone about IMPEACHMENT because, from my point of view, the Congress and the Crew of America people that at like they have nothing to do but to find any little thing that is not relevant to any major destruction.
All the vq pages are cancer lmao even ppl with turd ass Honda’s still find a way to hate
Yeah, that’s not oles fault tho? It’s an individual error, it’s on tuanzebe. He was absolutely class for the whole entire game apart from that one mistake
Damn we really just call the black whales murderers huh?
You can actually get the Viridis palette for color blind people on Stata too now. Look it up
hell the fuck yeah!! the difference here is pica is badass and salvius is a fucking fool who curses my life with his existence
Say it louder for the people in the BACK!!! Ridiculous.
Yeah, she has been surrounded by a lot of "thoroughly decent Human beings", too many to list on the roster of crooks and liars including her and her husband.
I catch the wrong bus and had to walk from Police clearance traffic light to GRA ...like a skunt
So sad to lose another upstanding republican patriot to the temptation of greed.
If they were all involved with the Ukraine shake down, and put out the transcript (which they didn't think there was anything illegal about it) imagine what is in the secret server! There must be horrible stuff in there. Putin threatening Drumpt not to release anything about him.
It’s always crazy high in the hood! Chicago is almost always $4
This whole thing is a setup. This is the tyranny the founding fathers warned us about.
I get that size shouldn’t matter but seriously. These are my Persian cucumbers from imperfectproduce_  $1.79 for that? Thats taking the piss - as we say in England - where we grow long and thick…
New Behind-The-Scenes Featurette Confirms Sam Mendes’ War Film ‘1917’ Will Be "One Continuous Shot" https://theplaylist.net/1917-bts-featurette-one-shot-20190930/ … via
From the New York Times ? Even Thanos Collude with Trump , is Hoax .....like the other. IG report is almost out , they have no place to hide
Looking forward to Smoltz hate on the Yankees the entire game
Newcastle at the weekend, if we don't win that we will finish bottom half of the table.
the children always forget that kpop's original intention was to emulate while simultaneously over exaggerate what's in american pop
If you watch it carefully including the deleted scenes the conversation The killer and randy have just before he bites it is a continuation of a convo from filmclass between the two. Plus the person leaving the van is a man and not a woman, check out the shoes+deleted scenes
I could send a postcard as a voucher in time for Christmas but the puzzle would be send to you. Otherwise it would be difficult to calculate the shipping costs. The voucher recipient might live in a different shipping zone.
the both crazy frl frl , it’s just if i want a sedan or a coupe
I have really missed the birds singing in the morning.
I’ll leave it here... but I been calling for this dude to get removed from the league before he was ever a raider. Again, hard hits are acceptable. Legal hard hits. This guys been penalized by the league on at least 3 if not 4 separate occasions for the same illegal hit.
Hard work and quality work. Those cement finishing skills are on point. Most who are not in the business can do that.
I read and see it so much about disabled people being let down or forgotten about when they book access to board a train. The most frustrating thing is it’s so simple to fix yet they just don’t care. Rant over
I guess Salem never happened. I want a refund from all the publishers of textbooks which said that it did.
Then today, there’s a man sitting on the porch of an abandoned building on my dog walk route all evening. Idk what he was doing the first time but he was passed out but sitting upright the second time. And someone apparently randomly assaulted a kid.
Just don’t understand complaining about something you say that you arent going to purchase. Buy it, get it in the mail, then you could complain if you wanted.
How do you stop the vicious cycle of eating one uncrustable and then going back for more and more
Why is no one demanding the full transcrpt of the phone call?
Imagine if even a fraction of the 2.2 million plus Canadian firearms community showed up on Capitol Hill, pissed off and vocal. The toxic Trudeau Liberals would be cowering under their desks. We need to use our numbers. The cretins need a reminder they work for us. #elxn43
Well go and live in Iran today you'll see there are basically mercenaries live in the country forcing Iranians to follow the regimes ruling that baducally has no regards for human rights or any other rights iranian regime is famous for meddling in pushing for hard-line Islam
Translation Khalil by himself against 4 offensive linemen on the opposite side from him
A 28-year-old man jumped to his death in front of other visitors at the Grand Canyon Skywalk on Saturday, prompting officials to take a look at whether security measures should be heightened further at the famous look-out spot. How selfish and rude. https://www.theblaze.com/news/man-jumps-to-his-death-at-grand-canyon-skywalk …
Same day maybe 10 kilometers away, a coal mine land and this one is left with a problem, the increments in the coal are acid as hell and drop the Ph-level to the Ground, also dont get fooled by the pictures they all have nearly the same lvl of acidity.
Sometimes you gotta leave the life you thought you wanted behind, in order to achieve the life you deserve to have.
OH OKAY NO NVM the red one is the one they’re asking about HOLD ON
Although many of us were children when we first encountered the story, there are themes of genocide, torture, political oppression, censorship and the invasion of privacy. #cslewis #chroniclesofnarnia #humanrights #censorship #privacy
#tbt to when I became an MLB insider (in an alternative universe) when I broke  to the Sox
No worries. Plenty of Americans respect your father. Ignore the ignorant ones who don't.
I mean if you actually applied the religion of the force you could form something, not sometbing real but something. Though y'know when they do this shit it's 'haha belief is dumb, now I gotta go read some science TM so I can just believe it".
Nope Ken!!! Y’all did everything you could to water down the reality and add propaganda! Not the hero-the GOAT! Once again  is late!
They didn't actually say its a security. This needs be be repeated LOUDLY. The whole thing is useless. It's either we know it is, or isn't or it hasn't been ruled upon.
It is always the left doing it to themselves. They are desperate to be a victim and the conservatives do not even thin k about things like that.
Water stain removal and prevention Install a water softener, this can remove the iron in water thus preventing rust stains in your toilet bowls, sinks and bathtubs. #Watersoftener #hardwater #waterstain #stainprevention #stainremoval
Not a fan of the smell lingering in my building lately.
Imagine thinking Fred is the answer to United’s problems
People have been kinda wild around me lately. Friday saw a drunk white woman yelling at her boyfriend in the street and a group of white me almost get in a fight with some Latino men at the function.
Alguém me diz como faço pra parar de assistir os lives do Panic! At The Disco, Brendon te amo coisinha mais talentosa e linda
2018-2019 and the mountain of shots in the slot and net-front are as big as a small suburban house. No shots are taken from any other place.
I’m so over any and everything rn. I’m literally at a constant fuck it, fuck them, and oh well mindset. If I feel like you’re asking me to do something for you I’m not responding. I’m not even exerting thumb energy and opening the message.
The most vile racist act known to man. That's where it started. I'm defending no one, I just think it weird that no other "act" is more vile or racist that this. Which means that persons white privilege is totally showing in that statement.
The Video That Destroys Biden's Lies https://youtu.be/FYiFAv-PujU
Because I used my critical thinking skills to read where the information says he didn't do it with de Niro. This is very confusing for you, I understand.
I beat it last night, got to the "end" and just went: "...This little shit, LOL"
....job. He had no health insurance when he died. I've had other friends also die for the same reason. Many cases they were dropped by their insurance company because they had a limit the ins would pay. The ACA stopped that from happening. It's helped me too.
I wanted to reread but told myself I could only do it if I did the audio book bc I have other things I need to read (and also idk where my book is) but there’s no way I make it thru those 44 hours
That is also if you believed the President of the US was in his right mind and was following the letter of the law the entire way. I would be intimidated by a President that has gotten away with things in the past and just seems to push out everyone he doesn't like.
I wonder if the fucker’s credit report has shit that would disqualify him from any sane business-minded landlord from leasing to him.
They already got your money. The government doesn't get to chime in because they don't like the product.
#Trumpgate #Ukrainegate #Italygate #Australiagate #Pompeogate #Barrgate I miss the scandals of the old days. When life was so much simpler. All we had was #Watergate
All that to say this: you're noticeably atypical from most on the platform, so I'm not sure how much glean from it.
I’ve been trying to tap into my wife side. Cooking, making floral arrangements, organizing the house. I am really, REALLY bad at it
just remembered i died in my dream last night. everything ive read about it symbolizes new life and transformation, on the contrary. but i already knew.
I just realised it's called a ruler because inches and feet were usually measured from the kings. This makes me angry.
I just wanted to piss and all i had to hear was the deepthroat sounds
grew up in a catholic school, so for me it was a combination of not understanding and acknowledging the feelings, plus a fair bit of "hell no" and denial. didn't let it out till yeaaars later. thanks jesus, you're a homie
On the verge of defeating the flu, life makes sense again.
If she's done it more than once, if you've warned her fat ass, once more and the police will drag her off, and the fact that you've never hit a woman in your life, and she's not worth going to jail for. ME. I'M THAT MAN. j/s
More than repugnant, it is completely irresponsible, and possibly criminal in the bigger picture ahead of us. One thing Trump understands is the power of suggestion. Most His purposeful, incendiary words are not needed in this dialog and they are dangerous.
Prediction: it will be the most beautiful, largest crowd in the history of The city of Dallas. No president will probably be treated worse than him on Dallas (even though JFK took a bullet to the head)
These 12 hr work days are draining the fuck out of me :(
i really thought ppl was exaggerating about the iphone11 camera ... 10/10 !
Maybe the media has finally stepped up to do actual journalism instead of just letting these #%€* use tthem as a propaganda platform.
I agree but it seems every one has pawned their balls to the indian pawn shops especially american politicians we are not holding them accountable anymore. Witchas and modi is in charge of america. We have turned into indias bitch.
It's fair game but unfortunately not a crime to lie to the press. Don Jr. used that excuse for lying to NY times on Trump tower meeting.
Doesnt change the fact that they all lie their ass off. The left said it wasn't a crisis at the border then later said it was. In that time between they called him a liar about that. Why would I be outraged by everyone lying?
Heh like we need more! The might of the 203rd Aerial Mage Battalion shattered the Ruskie Federation! And they had a few hundred thousand troops!
Why no one is continuing the project with Solarenergy from the Sahara? You could provide enough energy for whole Europe!
#California is suffering today after fatal shooting. #POTUS, stop the bloodshed. #BackfireTrump
In don't know y ha. But everytime i buy a book that i am so hesitant to read, that book turn out to be one i enjoy the most.
Man I use to ride around Witt the flag around my review , veteran cop pulled me over and was like “you know you bloods territory this is East haven” I was weak
shut the door bitch you keep lettin all the FUNK out.
¿Can u change the ride bear for a unicorn? The cloud is hard to got it and is rlly old
Considering the trauma this movie gave my no , nope thanks sir I will be having a tattoo of haku from spirited away
What the hell is that? And what woman in her right mind let's sleep with newt Gingrich? Even with a bag over her head?
what's the full story ???? please tell ..... I'm very interested to know why the RCMP arrest media but fail to arrest ANTIFA...
Injury prone players have been drafted before Gruden got here. It’s Bruce Allen thinking he’s getting a steal.
I'm more concerned about the Poison Car Golf for Women brand....
 the hit on Brian Little of the Winnipeg Jets had the head as first point of contact and Kanin left his feet to make the hit. What kind of bullshit is this not suspending him?!
I gotta color her sigh Blease don’t post anywhere— idk why u would want to in the first place but....ALSO I HATE HANDS
Cops killing animals and black people at the earliest sign of threat and then not being held responsible for the reprehensible actions.
i think i want my first set of grillz to be some sharktooth junts n white gold not sure if i want em cut with anything cuz i think just the white gold on its own will look hard enough
Why in the cornbread hell is the harvest by  gone off of iTunes?
This guy is a, "firm believer that we have common ground". That requires reading, paying attention, thoroughly understanding the subject matter. That would seem unlikely for this fellow. Yet he's able to tell an expert that he has no standing + is a flat earther.
Cause these assholes keep changing the spelling to it smh
Lol, you should take it seriously & not overthink it. ;) My LA network is currently limited but will be growing over the next year. The worst that could happen is stasis.
"OKAY SERIOUSLY WHO THE FUCK IS TEACHING THE BRAT STUPID SHIT!?"
So #BorisJohnson is going full on 'NarniaLand' now?! Suppose we could all dump wardrobes on the green line this will create & then walk through the back of them ...
My cousins type is really josh peck before the weight loss
So sad to leave my role at GOdogs last week Here is a fun cartoon which sums up some of the research the project does
my homie just hit me the pink 10s out she wit dat weirdo but im who she think about
Tone on Tuesday: The climate strike was a waste of energy | Architecture & Design https://www.architectureanddesign.com.au/features/comment/the-climate-strike-was-a-waste-of-time?utm_source=%28Archived%29+Industry+Newsletter&utm_campaign=9c9a563c95-Industry%2520Newsletter%2520-%252020191001091011&utm_medium=email&utm_term=0_b6d140c101-9c9a563c95-136118897#.XZKUSnq8zwc.twitter …
 will any country ever gives us intel again now that barr is going all over the world to get dirt on OUR intelligence community?? This is so sad. Where is America?
I completely agree to impeachment we can see Donald Trump is calling for civil war stupid pride Donald Trump betrayed his own people the democrats are not perfect but they are doing their job making the constitution relevant again impeached the idiot!
I’m Acceptin And Respectin That I’m Different I’d Be Lien If I Told You I Didn’t Feel The Tension
The Descent, Tigers are Not Afraid (on Shudder), The Ruins (more campy than scary)
My one year old is already bringing me the dresses and necklaces she wants to wear and I’m kind of scared at how teenage years are going to go with us
The Marine Ford arc was just as good as the Pain arc from Shippuden
It’s the Bryce “we tried” leak and no one on here will admit it. I don’t get fans who defend the deferrals.
I really believe Emery is trying to get sacked for the no other explanation for his decisions
I can’t at allllll it has to be dark And quiet. No way I’m sleeping when the sun is up
It was on the road that lead to the venue and resort. After that sign there was a gate with guards and there is no one getting passed it unless they are crazy enough to ram through it.
I'm internally doing the *fists squeezed, body vibrating as I anxiously await the first snowflakes* dance.
I wanted to take part but i wasn't comfortable with recording myself talking... but know that i feel just the same as everyone in the video
This I believe is evil and most of the democratic party are out to destroy AMERICA
plenty of people go to the M, that isn't the problem. The problem lies with the M Resort and how difficult they are to work with for the company leasing the sportsbook space.
Support for impeachment surges amid Donald Trump-Ukraine scandal Americans still remain split about removing the US President from office, and analysts caution that single polls can be misleading https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2019/sep/30/impeachment-support-poll-trump-ukraine …
Lawsuits are coming    !!!! Tried to drag 3 innocent boys names through the mud before the facts came out.
the people that complain about how you spend your money are the same people that don’t have jobs or work for theirs.
lol...you being condescending is a riot. You’ve been clueless our entire conversation and I was polite. If you are correct, the Ukraine Pres will simple say so. No?
Let me kno what I’ve done wrong...when I’ve known this all along. I go around a time or two, just to waste my time with you. Tell me all that you’ve thrown away...find out games you don’t wanna play. You are the only one that needs to know...I’ll keep you my dirty little secret
Gordon Campbell on the Saudis (not) getting away with murdering Khashoggi (Also: The Peoples Republic of China, and tune for Jimmy Carter's birthday) http://www.scoop.co.nz/stories/HL1910/S00008/gordon-campbell-on-the-saudis-not-getting-away-with-murder.htm …
The disrespect he gets stems from the atrocities he’s committed before office and even more so the ones he’s doing right now, that’s on him
#FunnyReasonsToGetFired You forgot to read the "NO CAPES" policy.
“We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light.” ― Plato
In 1976, a major expedition (including Neil Armstrong) entered the Cueva de los Tayos in search of artificial tunnels, lost gold, strange sculptures, and a “metallic library,” supposedly left by a lost civilization aided by extraterrestrials. https://trib.al/Cyie8Yn
The household is a little empty now that Joey has moved out. But, we all got a very good night sleep with no interruptions. I miss a K9 companion, but in this house, we're at differences as to the size of the...
This "administration" is more implausible than all the Sharknado movies combined, and yet, there it is, and on it goes, like the Blob, mindlessly destroying everything in its path. New blob or Steve McQueen blob? New blob: The Orange Blob.
you know, the franchise with the giant robots obsessed with masks (my bonkle friends will murder me for describing it in this manner)
Seriously, WW11. Antifa are more like Nazis Those are American heroes! You do realize roughly 55% of them were either killed or severely wounded in the first 24 hrs of D-Day Without them, neither one of us probably would have never been born.
.  IS VERY RIGHT ABOUT THIS. The person is a Leaker not a Whistleblower. After more thought, however, I don't see that there was any "leak" just gossip. So, person's #GossipBlower and everyone covering for the GossipBlower is a Gossiper.
 don’t forget to scavenge the left over morsels after the EU have had their fill, while we look on at what we could have had.
I guess my meds must be working because even shit I should be stoked about/ white-knuckling, like ppl popping off about Marxist theories of culture and the aesthetic, seem insufferable
the preview being the freaking. neko. is slaying me
Of course because they want our Republic destroyed and they are above they law. It's all connected throughout history dating back to the Rothschilds. Nothing happens by chance it's all planned.
All of what you have listed in this thread are exactly what we have seen, heard or read since 2016... And these are just a small sample of their intent. Yet, nobody has suffered any consequences for their actions, or simply Malfeasance in general...These people are the criminals
And it still doesn't matter WHERE the infielder is in relation to the infield if he is making an attempt to make the catch. I believe it was ordinary effort, you disagree, and that's understandable. Judgements be judgements.
This could have been a slam dunk, but the designer in me see’s that the door is off balanced because there’s a GIANT ARROW POINTING DOWN
If you die in the dream you still got some sleep by ://www.cottonxenomorph.com/journal/2018/8/20/if-you-die-in-the-dream-you-still-got-some-sleep?rq=sally …
WITHOUT BTS....kpop will still invisible in america and often state as cheerleader concept. BTS CHANGE AND BROKE THE WALL AND IN CONCLUSION...........BTS PAVED.THE.WAY. they paved THE REAL REAL WAY. You dont like it? Just stay away. Easy.
.  long ago, when you shared a scene with the orange one in “I’ll Take Manhattan”, was it apparent how wrong he is in the head? #justcurious
You are the ones that start all the debunking of ligitamate complaints. They call you guys and Dolls as racist's. This president is a perfect picture of corruption and will drag his staff down with him. Disgrace to this country.
See just minutes before that lil ol lady beat the shit out of like 7 dudes and started to stroll away but these hero’s caught up to her and blocked her way from beating more people up.
The takeaway from this is that, other than Castle Danger, breweries aren't growing any more. https://www.mprnews.org/story/2019/09/30/as-castle-danger-halts-growlers-petition-support-grows-online …
Times I get sick and tired of the whole situation, But I'll never let them hold me down, Cause I know I got faith and courage to go on now...!
Hopefully, she gets locked up for life or, if it's offered, the Death penalty. Her story is so full of holes & blatant lies, it's mind-boggling that she tells it with a straight face.
That's a bit misleading. There are drivers in Linux. Just because they're integrated into the system, doesn't mean there are none. Also some distros of Linux make it extremely difficult to install new drivers. For example, running NVIDIA drivers instead of the stock standard ones
People are making jokes about a concept in which neighbor kills neighbor. I fail to find the humor in that.
Crazy how you recognize the dissonance in others but not in urself. If u wouldn’t kill a cow/pig urself,why would u be ok w paying someone else to do it?Esp when meat ISN’T a necessity.If u think it is, u didn’t research. If u don’t want to, ur being lazy at the expense of LIVES.
why i get on the shuttle & it was a damn dog on there & i'm thinking it was the bus drivers dog i'm bout to report dude cause wtf
You could even look at his treatment of PEA last year, when he was moved to the left to accommodate Lacazette & he looked like a shell of the player he is now. It’s not often that a manager gets an XI wrong week in, week out especially after a year in the job. Unai has to go.
Imagine the Right if President  was doing all this shit. #ImpeachmentIsComing
I agree. There were plenty of clues to tip her off that she was at the wrong apartment, too.
Yup, it's one of those days where I don't even know what the fuck is going on in my head, everything's just all over the fucking place
You are a sad representative of American values heels up  , and NO  only lined her pocketbook, just check the now defunct ...
He has said alot of conflicting things the last 24 hours including war is bad for global economy, Iran must be taken down, and that he will meet with them. Which one is true?
If a person can file a complaint without first hand knowledge, it would not hold up in court if actions are taken against anyone. Hearsay is not admissible. If this is allowed i should file complaint using  as my source, like they used the NYT as theirs.
Believe me failed  we are focused . The #DeepStateCoup #KAG2020Landslide #KAG2020 #Trump2020
'Those references aren't even important' Mera mentions Steppenwolf by name. The Snyder Cut sets up Aquaman. Freddy has newspapers of the Black Zero Event and a Batfleck Batarang. If they reference much, it's too much. If they don't, 'it's not important' Kobayashi Maru.
I worry for them. It breaks my heart to think of all the threats and hate mail that they’re probably receiving. Now his mother is being exposed to that also? Too terrible for words
If you live in a first world country I’m guessing your friend network is net negative on hitting the 2.0 replacement rate. I wouldn’t worry about it.
Judge Andrew Napolitano says issue of whether whistleblower complaint is based on hearsay is now ... https://www.yahoo.com/news/judge-andrew-napolitano-says-issue-154914064.html?.tsrc=fauxdal …  Why isn't it worthy of dispute intell community changed the law w/o proper channels or everyone would know the law had been changed? Very debatable
We all know the problem is with the Glazers and Woodward there’s no denying that. But it started when we didn’t give LVG a fair shot. How are you supposed to rebuild a club when you just keep sacking managers and then have to start from ground zero again
House update #1: an outsider will be joining out ranks tomorrow, he is blissfully unaware of the bread-man in the attic and we debate whether to tell spare him from a fate worse than death or to let him go into the void and try to get the room for ourselves.
Maybe that's why Tony has so many of the damn things..
man i get ill getting on here seeing people say “they’re accusations”, “they need help”, “you’re just jumping on the band wagon” about my close friends’ abusers. i can’t imagine what they go through. some of you are sick.
Community members have been fighting for more than a year to push Sterigenics out of Willowbrook. Residents say the medical sterilization co emits a toxic gas which causes cancer and fertility issues. Sterigenics says they are moving out of the suburb.
Just need Tyler Boyd to score 40 and Juju to get a fumble and get ejected cause he insulted the ref’s mother. Simple.
DeBoer said she has recently sought out more info on climate change and what the city should do. "It is going to be very hard for us," she said. "We will have to be working with residents." #HollandMayorForum
the fight between masons i can be ur angle or ur devil duality continues
THIS IS THE SAME SIM THAT GOD MAD WHEN HIS WIFE SPENT TIME WITH THEIR TODDLER BC HE WAS JEALOUS BTW!!! MEN AINT SHIT
Please let there be a spin off show for the Harvey/Mike storyline in Seattle. Would kill
Unfortunately for them they listened to a young girl who, for no thought of her own, was indoctrinated with fascist beliefs to cause major disruption in the world. The greatest trick the devil ever pulled was convincing the world he didn't exist.
Which K-pop group will dominate the fall? https://www.billboard.com/articles/news/international/8530544/k-pop-dominate-fall-vote-poll?fbclid=IwAR23D50CK4NFcGwnquIAT9UFqIwndzw-MqcEpEuC1MHQdN9mxD6PBSy_9_o …
Congress that lies to oust our President? Unsustainable. When a Congressmen commits treason, what should happen? Stay in Congress, continue the coup, collect a salary and benefits? No , no nation!
Niggas die before they turn 20 or touch if Iont get this money tell me who the fuck is
So raise your glass if you are wrong, In all the right ways, All my underdogs, We will never be never be, anything but loud And nitty gritty, dirty little freaks Won't you come on and come on and raise your glass, Just come on and come on and raise your glass
this is gonna sound crazy, but I was playing some chords earlier on the piano, got emotional and cried but it was as if I was crying joyful tears?? i felt a presence??? It was weird. Today has been so weird
writing fight (like battle) scenes is the worst i just wanna keep writing Soft and Sweet scenes
For those wondering... “drug dealing, gambling, prostitution, racketeering, and robbery. In 1946 at the age of 20, he was arrested on burglary charges. He was convicted and sentenced to eight to ten years in Massachusetts state prison”
I wanna try them vibrator things with the remote control when I get ah man shit look fun
3 of 5 stars to The Broken Girls by Simone St. James
Thank you. I didn't know my aunt too well, but I worry about the sadness & stress this adds to my mom & what she is going through.
Lol I hate when mf text me like we on the one you ask them something and they say “hold up” like bitch why you just didn’t text me when you got the answer.
It would make matters worse! It would further drain resources. I used "actual" three times in that previous tweet, because with "lines on paper" (art or fiction), there is no actual victim, there was no actual crime, and so the material is not an actual record of any such thing.
A WHOLE hangar 12 hours if even I got used real voice got a raise Then bought some upgrades quite One thing you must know people Do not change they ever evolve or stay the same. Meaning did it once do it again get used to it its easy I know the petty evils of humans well
   just changed the channel when Hahn came on your show. Sick of his temper tantrums, screaming, yelling & being abusive. Love to watch Martha but I draw the line at Hahn.
Whoops....another fuck up by the left....their plot is falling apart
Exactly! These terrorist thugs should have gone to school. But, education is not very important to #fascist #AntifaTerrorists. Begs the question, where are the police?!?
Every. Single. Trump. Admin. Past. And. Present. Impeach. Imprison. The kook-aid was born in their veins. Bad genes.
Stadium was a little overrated to me. Fun game but it was all battles and none of the adventure stuff from the game boy game
Like what is this hatred for the Bahamas? All I see is accusations but not one Caribbean country giving responsible suggestions or, hear me out, offering to take those displaced who are illegal immigrants.
It’s very belittling to have to find someone to watch your class for 3 minutes to run to the bathroom. I have literally had to beg and/or apologize profusely when I reach the point of desperation. And my doctor tells me I need to drink more because I’m dehydrated...
The Change da world meme is hilarious but gives me anxiety
You are calling for the murders of your fellow man because of a corrupt and dirty politician and you dare have a cross associated with your name - gotta love a fake Christian.
WWE just straight up has an AI trained on shirts wrestling fans buy and is now spitting out new designs. This is the only explanation for the terrible NXT shirts and this Becky shirt. Has she ever even wrestled in Japan?
guilty or innocent 1. guilty 2. innocent 3. innocent 4. innocent 5. guilty 6. guilty 7. guilty- but not cheesy 8. guilty 9. guilty 10. innocent 11. innocent 12. innocent 13. guilty 14. innocent 15. current- N past- C reply with an emoji for the questions
A Severe Thunderstorm Warning has been issued. Large hail, damaging winds, heavy rain, and frequent lightning are all possible. See the info in the orange box for more details. #NEwx
What did Xhaka do wrong today? And don’t tell me he “ducked”. He was clearly trying to head the ball but it was deflected
What abuse of power is that then? Since trump was elected, I haven't seen anything that's comparable to fast and furious, bengazi, the Iran deal and many more.
Strange ... Maybe because this was the "Wizard that came from the moon"?
When you miss someone so fucking much but you know they don't feel the same so you keep to yourself
And you’re not changing any hearts by pointing fingers, belittling anyone’s attempts to reduce meat consumption/waste. Everyone starts somewhere. It’s your choice to degrade the veg movement through attacking others. While you keep using plastic, I’ll keep reducing my footprint.
i genuinely have no idea what the fuck its about like all i know is it involves a cult, theres lots of flowers, it caused relationship problems and florence pughs character has about 50 breakdowns
We know. The crazies who are orgasmic at the prospect of impeachment don’t bother to research.
Volleyball loses a nailbiter in the 3rd set 28-26 and will have to rally from behind against Greencastle- now trailing 2 sets to 1.
the shit someone say when they mad is something they been wanting to say
Sacked her off, too retarded to understand the Q hahaha
I feel like I need the cringe but at the same time it would make me uncomfortable. Who was the m&g with?
Hey  I remember seeing you tweeting that you unsubscribed from . Due to depressing news all the time or?
i’m above all u cretins i just took a piss in my dream n ain’t wet the bed
Really not interested too much in the Brexit side of things......this, for me, is mostly about democracy. Remain have behaved appallingly. I have now changed sides.
Also dont go to the plaza on a Monday or you'll be sad
Government-funded temperance outfits continue to spend millions on very sophisticated lobbying and PR to link alcohol with violence ignoring the real culprit, ice. They use the breakthrough success of passive smoking campaign as their model. City suffers, their salaries continue.
just found out that my test that I thought was on Thursday is TOMORROW and I read the syllabus wrong and I want to cry
15 retweets and I’ll fight this tumbling mom on the mats bc her daughter thinks just bc she’s older then Isabel she can shove her and cut in line
Can I hire someone to call the doctor's office for me? The crippling anxiety from talking to a person on the phone will send me to the ER before I can even find a PCP
They are all following a propaganda without using their brains. What is the compulsion. The whole world knows about real reasons and culprits behind terrorism. Politics on this matter can have disastrous consequences on the world.
For reference; I was told that the Sec. State’s site always slows on the last day of the month because everyone files then. Yes, but also, that’s on you? Not us? Get a better system.
& my mom has the audacity to call me selfish bc they had to bring it back today.
I'm looking forward to the Democratic President in 2021 restoring or reversing Trump's "because  did it" "policies" that have been so damaging to our country and standing in the world. #VoteBlueNoMatterWho #WeGotThis
Again...everyone is entitled to an opinion...BUT we all know it will never be fair for CeCe or OG when they are the ones on the chopping block (labeled the bad ones) this season...there is always one and in this case we have 2
It's a pre-emptive lie. They don't want to expose the whistleblower and show the hoax.
Yo son I be saying the same thang like Conway remind me of me dead ass
They literally have no other arguments except she’s op or take bribes words out of context. I believe the “she doesn’t smile” got proven wrong since she does smile and laugh so
i am avoiding the 150 emails that accumulated while i was away for 2 days
The moment I look you in the eyes and tell you that you don't have to love me, just know we are done.
 IF YOU DONT SHOW UP IN S4 I WILL SUE THE DUFFERS ASS
Democrats are on track to loose the election if they continue on this trajectory
Terrible isn't it. This is why WE MUST do everything we can to stop the killing. Less guns would do a lot, License guns like cars, boats - back ground checks, -arm militias with ar-15s like the 175 year old 2nd amendment says. Prayers don't bring back my dead students or son!!!
She’s already pulled a sleazy accounting trick to make it seem that she isn’t using Big Money in the primary, she lied to me, you, and the American people. If that doesn’t make you not trust her, I don’t know what will. Not to mention, it’s only the Primary. #Bernie2020
Then where IS the Player's Circle program now? I have a couple dozen packages with codes to enter and about 5#of old strings to recycle. None of the previous links are working and there's zero info except this halfhearted tweet (with no links).
To all the mean and vile people posting on here. How would you feel when you discover you are censored by Qoogle? You’ve been Dumbed down and don’t know it! Smh!
 When will media start asking 5K people in a poll, who know about the seriousness of impeachment, if Trump deserves to be impeached? If the poll is not 5K out of 5K. You have some more liars and deniers amongst the 5K that were polled!
Alright, Just get to the… What, what’s wrong with me, please. [Robotic voice] Your emotions and your logic are at war. OK. [Robotic voice] Your creativity and your analysis are at war. [Robotic voice] And most simply [Robotic voice] Your left and your right brain are at war. My
Not saying it’s easy for a 17-19 year old to leave their family for a year and go half way around the world to live and play ball.....for money. However, I think the NCAA would miss the top 30 players in the country come basketball season. #SUR
The ball is rolling .. Pompeo was on the call with Trump after dodging the question on T.V. 2 days ago. Trump did the same thing with Australia that he did w/Ukraine. Barr has been talking to Australia and Italy about discrediting Mueller. This is getting bad for your side. haha.
WTF is all this about the new model boy being the child of therapists so you know he is all cool? She’s never heard any of the Standard Knowledge about kids of shrinks and how crazy they can be??? (I mean, obvs, not all, but this makes me ARRRRRRGH)
Looking back on pics of myself as a teenager when I truly hated everything about myself like bitch you were so pretty shut the fuck up
The ERs would have to prepare for a huge influx of alcohol poisoning victims. Even those of us who can drink would end up dead.
100% do not understand this decision, unless it's to discourage "lOiTeRiNg". Doesn't help that some of the bars also blast their own music
Editting YouTube videos is hard hats off to all the editors
Charred Remnants • Tomorrow is the first day of October, so be prepared for a two sentence horror story each day for the month! • • • #twosentencehorrorstory #pocketparable #amwriting #amwritinghorror #horror…
But if we walk in the light as He is in the light, we have fellowship with one another, and the blood of Jesus Christ His Son cleanses us from all sin. 1 John 1:7... #JESUS.
Biden is the overwhelming favorite of older black voters. Now, I don't like Biden for policy reasons, but I also don't think older black voters are white supremacists.
I’d rather they work their way up from the bottom to make it more agonizing for trump
CJ was messy today but ppl bringing the Bernie thing up is always embarrassing. A considerable number of grown ass Trump fans used to be Bernie bros who gives a f
Hey Arizona, Its time to let the Far Left Democrat  know that he may have stolen a Republican senate seat but he is now known as a pathetic pathological coward trying to get revenge on the greatest  since Reagan!https://www.foxnews.com/media/jeff-flake-republicans-save-soul-trump-impeachment …
Our cycles are no longer the same but also, my period felt like it lasted 3 days this month... I have no idea why
 we cannot ignore your actions as a part of the coup to overthrow a duly elected president .....your ass is going to jail too
I see. The entire Philippines sees me as a dumb, uneducated, hateful, son of a bitch. Why? Duh. Because I’m an atheist.
... two weeks for a conclusion on a lifetime SCOTUS appointment, MoscowMitch can -- AND HAS SAID HE WILL -- make it so damned short, there is no way the Senate can rule on a conviction! The end result? Trump is acquitted and MoscowMitch laughs in our faces! Take that to the bank!
I roll coal, I do my part to fuck up the environment and feel good about it.
10 second runoff was killer. And not taking their first TO before the 2 minute warning cost them at least 5 or 6 seconds.
Falling asleep in class but I'm sitting in front the professor
You think im really considering the thoughts of somebody who cant get next to me NO!
... has its own attorneys (guess who? Barr?) and the Senate is the Jury here. Where it gets bizarre is MoscowMitch, as Senate leader, gets to set the length of the trial! Like the Kavanaugh hearing in which the FBI investigation into hundreds of allegations was limited to ...
Apparently I’m blocked, though I used to follow the guy. Did he go Branch Bernardian or something?
Just finished listening to episode one of #AmericaDissected and am digging it. Dr. El-Sayed has a knack of keeping his message relatable. His mid-ep ad though had me questioning; is it that expensive to host a podcast?? Why any ads at all in the age of patreon?
Everyone who is bashing this is really that stupid that they don’t consider disabled people, this technology is good for disabled people who live alone and still want to be independent. If you guys remember other people besides you are out there in the world.
Disagree. I believe that the GOP absolutely believes but are publicly stating the opposite as a means of retaining power with a deliberate goal of destroying our Republic in favor of personal & autocratic control. They are not stupid, rather they are after absolute power. Scary.
The quickest way to piss me off is to say “ u think u ..... ect.” NO BITCH U THINK I AM! I KNOW IT!
I guess you forgot he got selected to the pro bowl before the injury. Dallas defense is legit, offense let them down last game, I won’t blame Teddy for not scoring when Kamara and Thomas didn’t and Peyton didn’t figure out a way to get to the endzone since they are the good ones
I totally agree with you. The problem is, LGBT are not satisfied with leaving the faith alone. You don't seem to understand that aspect of the equation and that is the critical component of this entire discussion. So, when you get up to speed, we'll continue this discussion, ok?
Oh no! Terribly sad news of the death of Jessye Norman one of the greatest voices of our time... https://buff.ly/2ndSWFF
"I'm confused. Where is everyone lately? No new jobs have been taken from the board, so where are they?" She sighs, leaning against the counter by the guildhall doors.
Stream in about 10 minutes be there or be gay. And not the good gay, the bad gay. Like the big bad gay.
I have already emailed both my senators, my congressman, and the house Ethics Committee. Everyone else needs to do the same this is serious business. Unless of course you want to lose our country to these corrupt nutcases
I didn’t read the article, but I believe they’ll argue that she believed she was in her own house, and therefore she was acting invoking castle law
I stay to myself and myself only I don’t got time to be getting hurt over and over by the same person
I was wondering if there will be a gap in between and Trump or does Pence assume the job automatically? Just wondering what strategy they use to get them both out? It'd make no sense to oust Trump and then have to do the same thing with Pence.
.  when are you going to shut down the president's account? He is inciting war and violence. You are enabling him.
The enemy comes to kill, steal, and destroy but God comes to give us life more abundantly.
The boy I caught feelings for just texted me. It’s been over a month since I spoke to him. I’m fucking livid rn
Every Chelsea fan I’ve met is elite argue with the wall.
Do you don't know yet!? Monarchy don't save the people!? Then you lose all When you are attacked by giant!? Some companies!! Also family!!
Topics tonight include: -How does Kansas rebound from a 51-14 defeat at TCU -Thoughts on the Khalil Herbert situation -NFL suspension of Vontaze Burfict -The clutter that is the middle of the NFL standing ...and that is just the tip of the iceberg
There are laws to be followed in Kuwait and yet those laws have never been fully tested and yet those laws that were tested in the latest of kung pao chicken wars were way ahead of their time. Ask anybody
patient #24602 Hi. I’m sorry. [Robotic voice] How are you feeling? Not great. [Robotic voice] Has the treatment been working? No, it hasn’t been. [Robotic voice] What are your remaining symptoms? I just… I internalise my feelings. I have trouble articulati… Like, other people,
yeah that’s shits ridiculous lol but to each own.. that piling hella people in 1 single family home is absurd. i get the economical standpoint but that has to be invasive and uncomfortable af.
Imo it really comes down the person you're watching. If they can't make it entertaining or informative than I can't watch because I'm bored.
tattoo artists need to stop following me on instagram. they’re tempting me to go get a tattoo with the $5 i have in my bank account
I think a forgotten part is the loss of Tavien Feaster and his pass protection. The backs have not done as well picking up rushers.
2/ No death is worth shooting paper targets. However neither me and my guns are to blame. If you had gone after the people directly responsible and wanted the gov't to go directly after them, I would build you a soapbox and hold your megaphone.
To me it's kind of having a murderer who's killed 99 people cornered with snipers all aiming at his head but he has one victim left to bargain with. He'll let them live if you give him a plane, 10 billion dollars and total immunity. What would you do? I'd take the shot.
A week or two into my resignation, and the senate is in shambles. Sad!
YOU are the threat to our country. YOU have disgraced Michigan with your direct targeting of our duly elected President. Detroit may like you but the rest of Michigan is embarrassed by you.
It’s obstruction and intimidating a witness , it’s like dealing with the mob or the cartels!!!!
"Look at what you've done!" Steerpike yells as roaches pour from the wound left by Titus's blade. "My bugs," he screams as the burlap sack that was his body crumples to the earth, deflated. "My BUGS!"
Book #1 is Let's All Die Happy by . I saw Erin read recently and I bought her book at the reading, even though I had ordered one and it was on the way. What's that tell you? This book is from 2017 and released by . 2/?
"The charges that have been levied against me are meritless and I will mount a vigorous defense in court to clear my name," Rep Chris Collins, Sept 2018 "I quit, I'm guilty" Mr. Chris Collins, Sept 2019
Fellow white men, WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH YOU! SERIOUSLY, WHAT IN THE ACTUAL FUCK IS WRONG WITH YOU!!!
Doubt this will be shown on many of the major networks.
Nah nvm no drank for me, but I will take a big dookie blunt to the face
Doubting the US is aligned with ISIS? In this economy?
Lol. So far he has been right more then the 47 fake news reports the media has put out in the last 9 months. A lot of morons are drinking it up. You people are so see through. Our team has signed up thousands of new GOP voters and talked to 100’s of Dems who will vote GOP. Woke
she was mentally challenged gd but the song I’m talking about is rylo rodriguez steve mcnair
And the Vice President. And, the Dept of Homeland Security. And, several Chiefs of Staff. [Narrator: you forgot Poland] No, that was the GWBush era, a kinder, gentler, criminal idiot time...
We didn't win and its so disappointing because we deserved 3points from the game. Big big credit to  for that performance and rocket of a goal. Made me to lift a man almost my size up,celebrating!.
In 1999 Bill Clinton signed a treaty with Ukraine signed by the Democrat president on mutual legal assistance on criminal matters. The treaty establishes a range of cooperation between the two governments about making testimony available, about making people available.
The form does not require first hand knowledge. There is a box you can check if you do have first hand knowledge. Jesus H. Christ, people.
I never call them dumb but they know I hate repeating myself more than I plan for like if I give the directions 3-4x and then RIGHT after you ask me what are you supposed to do...violating
Skin Perse will react to spike in blood pressure due to caffeine or to hot temps and so on. Now take in the fact this is tattooed skin, which has been basically pierced with ink, and you get a bit more sensitivity at times to having the blood rise under the skin.
“We go now live to the Trump impeachment war room... Jan, what can you tell us?”
alright bitches what are we doing for the first day of October?!?
Facts I did not like being black for the longest time because my blackness was always being takn frm me & always being put in the same block as white people because I wasn't your stereo typical black person Idk y people act like alternative kids didn't go through what we did lol
EEEW EW EW THIS MAKES THE OTHER IMAGE SO MUCH CRUSTIER AND MORE DISGUSTING
My father killed himself immersed in this conspiracy bullshit! What a f$&king crock of shit. Wake up to yourself! Conspiracy theories are the bastion of those not willing to properly investigate issues. Not an admirable quality in a journalist!
i’ll call my sister like “i’m over life. i don’t wanna live anymore. i can’t do this shit no more. it’s too hard. i didn’t ask to do this by myself” guarantee you by the end of that call, even though i called and was defeated, bet you i was a fucking warrior queen.
The Real Enemy of Democracy is Mitch McConnell https://www.themarysue.com/the-real-enemy-of-democracy-is-mitch-mcconnell/ …
when will the updated seasons for criminal minds be up
But they’ve beaten the hell out of everyone and looked dominant doing it.
A couple days pass so I think I can talk about it a dude got fired and instead of just leaving jackass decided to say he was gonna come back and shoot everyone there and wholenplace went on red alert they had me in the front keepin an eye out for his car.
Did she bring the 33000 emails with her and all the money she took from other countries. So SHUT the HELL UP.
The dominoes are falling and some trump cohorts will fall with trump.
Everyone says that but, remember, he's sold his soul to the devil, and appears to be reaping the benefits in the present. Don't bet heavily on it!
The witch got me fired from my first job, at the Fox Village! http://thelifeandtimesofhollywood.com/ida-lupino-the-mother-of-american-independent-film-finally-gets-her-due/ …
Tory mp said today B J ,is the new force,( I say you cut 20thousand of em, let the plonker be with you,
The press has a Rudy Giuliani problem http://www.dailykos.com/stories/1888979
so I just ended my whole relationship w a “girl shut the FUCK up”
Are you a pro videographer? Aerial drones can crash, so can your videos & data. eProvided provides SD recovery on drone video shoots gone awry. If you need your data retrieved, we have the engineers. Toll Free 866-857-5950  #Drones #Fail
 Wow! Next thing we know you be saying we need to invade the wrong foreign county after WMD that do not (and NEVER) existed just so you can pad your pockets with war $. Yeah the apple doesn’t fall...
The kids found some chips from yesterday and I was like fuck yeah I get to eat some chips but the bags had been mopen all night and they're disappointingly not crunchy and now I just have a sad chip in my mouth
The President did NOTHING wrong. The #Democrats did. Democrats are in collusion with the so-called Whistle-blower. The whole thing has been orchestrated to launch when  was a the world stage, attending UNGA. Really sick.
just stop buying gas, then...find an electrical outlet... Phase 1: Climate Control: .get each of the "millions of ppl " to buy a battery powered car
If the swamp is ever drained, all I gotta say is bub-bye 45!
fuck writers that write gay characters only for them to die or for them to suffer the entire time !!
“Keeping your dignity” isn’t lying to yourselves and beating up those among you who call it objectively. You lose dignity and only those in your circle who share the same low standard will “respect” you. It’s a weak foundation to build upon; a house of cards.
Please stop fighting over who pays you’re causing unnecessary stress to the person working and making their job less efficient thanks
I miss living in the hood, the blackwoods were so much cheaper.
The only hoax that we have lived with is YOU. #Illegitimatepresident You have lied and have urinated not only in Russia, but on our Constitution. For once in your life do something right and leave, preferably the USA. You have done enough damage already. #ImpeachmentNow
If they don’t win tonight at home against the damn Bengals then the Steelers have way more problems than I ever thought
I really write a full ass tweet and just end up deleting it cuz it ain’t worth the drama that’ll probably come from it. Lol
U R rude,ill mannered& immature. Your grandparents would be disappointed. Your parents might be or they might be part of the problem. Shame on U.
It absolutely does preclude other options. If it didn't we'd have LWHs with duplexes. There were very specific reasons why some of the CHZR items (like design guidelines and downzoning) were left out; they're terrible policies when character is the only goal.
NiceMangos chums with some of the very worst abusive arseholes on social media. All of the #NewRacists and the anti-Sam Harris bot network (complete with parody names, and pictures of him in their bio/banner) follow her.
He is either an obsessed MJ hater or pushing somebody else's agenda but then again look who is sitting beside him in his profile pic so who knows what's going on behind the scenes. He  about a week ago while I was in an exchange with someone over his comments about MJ's kids.
Frankly, I am not afraid to say this, I do not think they care about that at all. From my personal investigation (as a long-time supporter of both candidates), they cannot relate to Tulsi throwing away her career for Sanders bc they are DOING THE OPPOSITE...
Oh BS Mule-Head discredited his own probe....several months ago, Barr said he would get to the bottom of #SpyGate....
Condoning this normalises it so that it becomes the expected behaviour. This article is from 2015 and I can only imagine the situation getting worse https://www.telegraph.co.uk/women/mother-tongue/11554595/Pornography-has-changed-the-landscape-of-adolescence-beyond-all-recognition.html …
Stirling says the purchase option is the only one that could provide “the assurity” the community wanted. He says no one has presented alternatives/proposals to the working group in all their meetings.
Damn, Going Threw My Media On Here Looking A Videos I Know I’ll Never Get Again Because I Lost My Phone That Had All The Fire Videos/Pics.
Field reads headlines and reacts, doesn't care about the substance
Trump is a narcissistic egomaniac who has hinted at harm for the whistleblower and threatened a civil war over impeachment. I thought he was elected to preserve and protect the US constitution. Time for trump to go now.
So if all of these conversations Trump is having is to find the origin of the "Russia Collusion" hoax and the fake dossier that was created by overseas agents, I have no problem with Trump leaning on foreign leaders to get that info, but obviously not bribing...
1. this isn't 'belief' in the way we would talk about religious belief, it's taking the findings of experts seriously and adopting the precautionary principle to adopt reasonable actions to minimise harm 2. prove harm has been done to the economy
yoo where the kute bitches i need yall to smoke / sing watever 2 dis song
#dieting I had a bad run a few weeks ago - physical & emotional weakness struggling to prepare meals And I was depressed and I had a few take aways which cheered me up but all the weight went back on I'd lost I'm staying off all that as long as I can. Been a week + so far
Yooo this happened to me senior year smh I was laying on the table in class crying
Are you actually supposed to put batteries in the fridge or is that just something weird my parents did?
"Hate speech isn't free speech"??? What damn ignorant fool made that up?? Of course it is. Its probably the only TRUE free speech. If you can say the things ppl hate & still be free that's the freest freedom there is. You don't need laws to protect speech you like.
Some people are really wholly bad. The psychopathic ones are capable of hiding their evil and mimicking compassion in order to achieve a goal, but they're still pure evil with nary a concern for anyone else
 and  are in full protect Osten mode. Lots of "ain't she great" articles. Avoiding any Sprague issues, they would have to ask the opposing candidate their opinions. You would think the 1 town in their area that needs a state bailout would merit an article
Kimba ballot to go ahead https://www.whyallanewsonline.com.au/story/6413765/kimba-ballot-to-go-ahead/?cs=1550 … via  "A second application for an injunction preventing the ballot was dismissed on Friday, confirming the ballot will be held."
He should ask everyone who can tell us anything do so about the obviously crooked Democrats trying to rig the election against Trump. They really thought they had sewn this thing up and still lost because Americans saw through their crooked Democratic shenaningans!
She’ll be the first person to lose a for a 4th time. Once to Obama, once to Trump, once to a recount and a second time to trump.
What the hell are you on about? It's impossible to push and slap someone bigger than you?
Trump is an anomaly, somebody working to fix issues and help all Americans. Regular politico’s are career don’t rock the boat players getting wealthy while they act indignant as they blow smoke up your ass.
I am sorry you had a hard time on the court with injury flaring up and it's never easy when that happens Simona . But I am Happy to hear you will be in the WTA Finals you deserve to be there. In the meantime get rested up and take it easy
DirecTV sucks balls as they force you to buy the entire Sunday Tik to get RZ that used to cost $10 per month. Plus you are stuck with Andrew over Scott Hanson. Smh.
Yeah, Stevie's right up there. He's the kind of guy who's happy being the architect of profound evil, not the front guy. You can picture him (when he's not pulling the wings off flies) spending time deliberately designing in extra suffering to a system just because.
I have been making mental comparisons of Helen Keller to Thomas Jefferson. The both did some amazing, remarkable, history changing things. They also both greatly sucked in other areas of their lives. No one is all good or all bad. Humanity lies in the complications of humans.
Read "The Giving Tree" at storytime tonight with the little guy. Man did I forget just how ... depressing that book is. Major downer.
i’ve come to the conclusion that all people on twitter are fake
Yep exactly the same. Both fighting real actual nazis.
 Why the Fuck can people see through Bangalore Smoke Without Digital Treath?
It was the Terre Haute, Indiana store. The manager was rude as well.
11th Hegira the Holy Prophet ﷺ received Zararah bin Amr al-Kha’u and told him a dream: an old woman rising from the earth. He ﷺ said: the demon of the last times. Imams killed, sinners simulating being pious people, blood of innocent Muslims cheaper than water.
FYI...all of those teams are better than the Vikings. Hate to break it to you.
They have the power of subpoena and to hold you in contempt. #GiulianiMeltdown #giulianicrimes
It really does, we are a people with severe PTSD, continually victimized by the racism others claim doesn't exist. I'm tired.
So much wrong with that budget. 2 destination vacations a year. $6k on Entertainment. "Oh, they shop at Old Navy not Gucci." Who spends $400/month on clothes, EVERY month? BTW, fully funding a 401k AND your children's educations is the antithesis of struggling.
It’s also not impartial if you only investigate one of the people who’s been complained about and if public pressure forces the decision to be overturned. Instead it’s selective and open to influence. There’s something rotten going on at the BBC.
This seems to be a "root" to the deeply anti-tradition / anti-authority in Paganism.. Seems like they are mistaking παιδεία for oppressive institutional authority..
Maybe they get moon-eyed over the sweet release of death? I think it's a hard-on for dystopia. I enjoy it when I think of it as being in a sci-fi horror film.
Can’t believe I missed the GIF wars! damn work getting in the way!
How is this criminal allowed to continue to speak and not removed from office and prosecuted after the fraudulent statements he made insinuating the President made them! This is corruption at the highest levels, they eliminated organized crime, its now time to stop it in governmt
The Rich capitalists are doing everything they can through the Corporate Owned Monopolized State Media, their Moronic Lapdog in the White House and their Corporate bribed political Puppets to...
Don’t let the bad days make you think you have a bad life.
They're seeing Trump and D'Souza destroy the democrat party, proving their ties to Nazis, the klan, and slavery and proving their policies don't work and GOP's policies do. They're insane with anger.
I had managed to forget all about this but then BAM it hits me in the face again
I won’t argue at all some will even talk about a thick girl but be crushing on her at the same time......
We knew this months ago? Go back to the Russia stories losers! We don’t listen to you fools!
i've heard about dan leaving the band. i'm devastated.
No tears for Melania she’s as corrupt & uncaring as trump. She wants money but if his actions bothered her she could speak up & denounce the things he says & does, she could divorce (monetary spousal support) she gets half yet she sleeps next to him, supports &goes along with him
The textbook narcissist will attempt to do as much damage as he can when he fails. Fomenting civil war is Trump's end game. I hope there are enough sensible people to quickly release an overwhelming amount of verifiable information to prevent it.
Oh, Pippa!! She is definitely disappointed and sad about whatever you did or didn't do. The cat is just giving you 'the Mom' look!!!
 can you cover punisher destroying the thunderbolts Thunderbolts 27-31. Pretty epic
THE food produced for human consumption, THE EGGS or a third of the total, ends up in landfills. However, one in nine people in the world suffers from hunger. On World Food Day, we have some initiatives to reduce food waste until it becomes a weapon in the struggle to reach the
Not one to talk about my personal depression on social but I haven’t gone to the gym for a month due to a lower back injury and tbh it sucks that all I worked for fade away due to this. Honestly feel like shit
The Tarlys deserved to die and without Dany there wouldnt be “families“ at all.
Brother every word out of your mouth is exact and on point, everything most of our people get we fight hard for, I was in Walmart today the an Arbs man and woman was using Wick and food stamps. But the world blame food stamps and wick on Black People,
Bih sounded like she needed to throw up at the end & shit.
“ nO. I JUST WANNA LIVE IN BLOODY PEACE. GO. GO BACK TO THE WRETCHED HIVE YOU CAME FROM AND STAY DEAD. ”
It's a product of one half of the political divide in this country constructing their own reality, one has to act stupid in order to square what they say they believe with what's actually and obviously happening.
..What still brings the team down heavily is horrendous EV, diabolical Suarez, CL disaster Pique, 3rd rate Roberto, Busi diminishing, injury prone+inconsistent Dembele, Puig in the F**king 3trd div, Lenglet is only decent-same with Semedo, Alba always CL failure, Rakishit...
I had an emergency appendectomy in France. My total bill (with multiple days in the hospital) was under $50 (I was on the French medical plan).
CLOBVIOUSLY MY CITY COUNTED ME OUT WHEN I NOTICED THE PIXIE IN THE CORNER OF THE PICTURE. I LIKE CUTE SHIT. SUE ME. HATERS.
update: just got given the wrong meds mixture n nearly passed bc of low blood sugar (a hypoglycaemic fit, if u will)
fr. a lot of people get rid of their phone because it starts "dying" but really it's just the damn battery
Betrayal At The House on The Hill: After the haunt everyone walks away one at a time to read the appropriate book - No one knows who's on who's side #MakeABoardGameBetterWith1Rule
Antifa have already started a civil war, right now their opposition is exercising restraint. When the damn breaks , seems you’ll be ready to point your finger at the little ole lady
Venom actually wasn't that good of a movie & talk about an example of straying way too far from the source material. Also its CGI was pretty lousy. Only reason it did well was because mainstreamers attached it ignorantly to MCU Spidey & MCU hype bandwagon.
God is a not a play thing where He can be manipulated and swayed. At the end of the day, He will utter one of two phrases to you.
I don’t see the sense in hating on someone on a video game bro at the end of the day if someone plays the way they want then let them or if they leave a team because they want to chill then let them do it at the end of the day it’s a video game shit is pointless and stupid
the pcd is hitting harder than ever and I miss day6
No he didn't really get up her, just explained the issues of a public option, said he was disappointed and stresses that he likes her and credited her for outflanking Bernie on Venuzuela and other issues. Main issue was him labelling her plan as a public option.
 Your chief RaShall Brackney is an idiot. Does Charlottesville want to be like Chicago? Apparently your chief thinks so. Only bad guys will have the guns.
Is that a poor attempt to put Dumb into Justin? I'm pointing out how the economy is operating under the current Liberals. The Conservatives have never earned more than $1 back on $1 debt, ever. I am (was?) a Conservative and I know that.
Or maybe, just maybe, the idiot for whom you are so eager to serve as a suicide bomber is just an endless fountain of criminality. Don’t you realize he would feed you and your entire family into a wood chipper if it would win him one news cycle?
(also defining 'queer' exclusively in relation to oppression can be a helpful starting point, but there's a lot more to queer theory than "who's the most oppressed" so if that's the discussion you're having, step up your game)
I know bc I TOOK CARE OF HER ALL NIGHT!! The sociopath lectured her.. She had NO RIGHT! Shittiest cunt I've ever met! She KNEW she was taunting that girl & made her run out. I called all night! Next day she's dead. I can't support that. Sorry..or not. It's stupid & irresponsible!
Bangun lagi, alhamdulillah. Tapi lagi2 merasa menjadi orang yang sangat merugi. Hampir 2 minggu skripsi ga diapa2in should i told you i've confused, im so stress to thinking about the holy shit things
I wonder how many FCC laws were violated here especially the “you cannot fly a drone if it is not visually in site”
Gorgeous, and gone soon. How sad. We are losing 200 species a day because humans are sprawling over the planet.
I'd listen in, until you got famous and I could talk shit about how you sold out to the MLB and PGA
He was asked to leave by the facility operators Sheer had nothing to do with it In his own words, he was escorted in by CPC staffer & asked to leave by the facility operators If he was loud or unruly they have an obligation to minimise the effects on the children This story is BS
one bad thought? nah, how about just all the bad thoughts all at once so that you're stuck drowning within them? cool? coOooL
friendly reminder that ace people experience a lot of abuse at the hands of heterosexual people - physical, sexual, and psychological. when you make jokes at the expense of ace people, you are making the queer community unsafe for them as well. stop ostracizing ace people.
"LAST MINUTE The Peruvian constitution states that the president of the Republic has the power to dissolve the Congress if he has censored or denied his trust to two Councils of Ministers."
Think I did some stupid shit the first 50..You anit seen nothing yet...
The guy’s a dangerous, self-obsessed, full of self-entitlement, cockwomble. The state of British politics and its discourse has hit rock bottom
Alas, that was not it. But just imagine the theme show that could have been!
seeing Newark from the river, on a boat, is a wild experience. You can see how valuable the land was; you can also see how all the land along the river was destroyed by industry.
Huh? Didn’t exo come out with 20 different versions of the same same album two for every member at the time ( the Mandarin And Korean) what a strange group of people exoLs are...
You're kidding right?! The black community has been decimated by the dems. Especially poor blacks. But they aren't the right kind of blacks for some. How dare they be poor and uneducated right?
I’m http://sorry.My sons & daughters were athletes &my granddaughters still http://are.My poor granddaughter tore her ACL twice she never really got on the field .Your heart aches because you know what they sacrificed to get to there.
Not every woman is born with the tools at all. Some women are born with no eggs at all. Just like some men are born without sperm. Lol
Really? Please cite exactly when Trump broke the law? She also sold 20% of our Uranium to Russia
Benjamin is too weird for me. I am so confused on his expectations from Akinyi & the whole “step mother” thing. She needs to stay put and he needs to go back to hopping pubic transportation and nomin’ Ramen. #90DayFiance
How many times do you have to listen to Massive Attack before you understand the hype? Because it isn't 79,234,768
When someone claims they missed you, but never took the time to hit you up and see how you was doing:
No sorry, tankies believe that all people are chattel property of the unitary State.
When the facts are inescapable, just pretend they don't exist.
Schiff is a sick, deranged man!! He needs to be taken out in handcuffs!!this is a disgrace, where are the Republicans at, President Trump??The majority of Americans, do not want impeachment!! This is a complete
Jail works too..... I agree. I think it is the epitome of desperate dirty politics. Worse than attack ads IMO.
It’s called the impeachment inquiry. Inquiry means an act of asking for information. Asking for documents is...wait for it...getting information. At no point is that harassment, and may God remove your nose from  ‘s ass. #ISaidGoodDay
fuck.... no highest in the room friday... guess we gotta wait a little longer
Remember when a week before Hillary’s 11 hour Benghazi hearing, McCarthy spilled the beans that they were just trying to soften her up before the conventions??!! He’s just dumb and lazy.
Nah, was lowkey disappointed when he didn’t fall all the way
And I don't know why I've been crying over you For the life of me, I wish that I knew
 release the chaos walking trailer we need the damn trailer
I even started the statement with unfortunately. Read and understand first before replying.
What couldn’t take the heat from an ugly horse? Do me a favour you funny man sorry i mean horse shit i mean woman
IDEK FJRKDDWJ WHAT WAS THAT WEIRD MOVEMENT THEY DID IN THE SUITS EYE
This from a woman that fed Killary the questions for the debate! She is evil and Fox rewarded her with a job!
my heart is hurting. All this shit talking just for me to go the dark side
My entire family is sick and we’re all huddled on the couch eating baked potatoes
This is the hill I'll die on. It's a ridiculous common courtesy to say something only when there's a sneeze!
Am I staying up to watch the Rockets? You bet your ass I am, ride or die smh sleep is for the weak and for Mavs fans
And definitely not only soccer officiating that is bad. Basketball officiating here is amongst the worst I’ve seen. And I’ve seen a lot all over the country from traveling with my daughter’s club team.
Bad news: its the worst possible configuration of these two collaborating https://www.warhammer-community.com/2019/09/30/games-workshop-and-marvel-comics-team-upgw-homepage-post-1/ …
 The information coming out about Donald Trump and using his power to persuade political influence is incredible this is actually very sad that he has abused his powers in this way and we cannot trust Donald Trump anymore
I just think it’s funny that the restart people are trying to influence Trump or Trump supporters... after all Trump has done to hurt Iran
I checked twice, not sure if I’m still missing something, but decklist in the description is 99 cards
Ruby is far too abrasive and direct with people. I gets her into trouble all the time! Usually in the repurcusssion of her words.
Most HR departments take bullying seriously. At my current work if you use the words bullying to your management they have to involve higher up HR and go through formal resolution processes.
They don't want to investigate the origin because they know OBAMA is the President who really manufactured DIRT on his political rival!
Here is the first part of the podcast on the 1962 killing of French journalist Paul Guihard during #OleMiss insurrection after James Meredith was admitted. Guilhard was shot in back from a foot away. No one was ever charged. #mondaythoughtshttps://correspondent.afp.com/who-killed-paul-guihard-part-1-podcast …
“cos it’s based of this conversation!” “Gotcha!” Keep it, keep the struggle. We are having a lot of fun guys. Don’t worry, you don’t have to fill the silences with laughter or applause. I don’t want you leaving this show thinking: “My hands hurt from clapping.” “My stomach hurts
#outfront  just admitted that what  has done is not appropriate... That's all the words you need to say Rick.. you know this dude is unfit.. just get over it and admit he needs to go! Stop trying to drag this shit out!
Hmmmm. Someone doesn’t understand the “social” part of social media. Sorry that happened!
Honey, James is the one who released the texts between him and Jeffree. Why lie to the person he's accusing? You must have alot of hate in that pretty little head to be so daft.
I liberated two boxes today from the cardboard confines of their prison on my work colleague’s desk
 Have you any idea what a total fool you looked like with your desperate attempt to take down the president? Giuliani kicked your pathetic ass, and in doing so destroyed your career. Do you job of get out. Resign!
Do y’all remember that song “Take You There?” IN THE SAME SONG, Sean Kingston offered a date in the tropics (to sip piña coladas) and a date in the slums (where killers get hung). The duality of man.
The thing is I'm not someone who envy or hate I don't like to be that person but it's physically painful to watch people lifes moving on and changing while mine is that still, I was being abusive to myself watching that on daily basis so I simply stopped.
Horror. The necessity of going inside the bank tomorrow morning
You’re the one upset all I did was point out your hero shit himself on the biggest stage then faked a career ending injury to hide it lol You lack the ability to make me upset
You are so full of shit! The only person that misleads is you! We see it everyday from you! Your going to be impeached!!
Every single person should be horrified and pissed off by the thought of locking people up involuntarily...there are politicians and special interests who are fighting for this to happen. Very Hitleresque
 "2005 a year of severe El Niño-induced drought holds the record of 94,780 fires. 2019 currently stands roughly 4 percent above the 20-year average and is on pace to end the month at around 50,000 fires, or 19 percent above average". https://tinyurl.com/p8jzsup
God damn it feels good getting my ass kicked again. This is why I never thought Andrew Luck was weird for having the need to get hit before he got going. I specifically sought out people today that I knew I couldn't beat in a round and I promptly got worked and Im happy with that
Twitter, I fuckin love y’all. I can say my peace on here and not catch the heat. Well the homies give the heat but, fuck em.
Yes  this whole thing is a disgrace! The whole Mueller thing is a disgrace! Spring on your campaign was a disgrace! In fact, I would say it all adds up to treason!
Well then i guess im unethical, as is a majority of mankind, the end.
This is literally madness. How can you stand your ground when... THE GROUND ISNT EVEN FUCKING YOURS!!!!
We should not say that Trump does not know what he is doing is wrong. He does know the difference between right and wrong and chooses to do wrong. He may be a sociopath, but he is not insane; he may behave childishly, but he is not a child. Do not, like Socrates, absolve him.
#PG1887 I’m confused why he the only one with a shirt change
In a weird, yet perfectly me example of artist's block. I made a very well construct base shape of a wearable Moray Eel from Tinfoil, tap, toothpicks and papermache.... ...and then the existential dread that there's no work in Ireland set in, and I questioned all my samples.
Illegal? I am ready for Mr. Untouchable Brennan to be touched to his toenails and shackled and give the "Perp walk".
She knew it was illegal the reason she had the server hidden in her bathroom!
… My father recently told me that I act too flamboyant on stage. And I said: “really dad?” “Prove it!” [laughter] He sad: “Well what about that joke” “where you throw confetti at the end of it?” I said: “well I haven’t written that joke yet,”
I'll smuggle you take it?! Been saving myself for the dark purple hairs of a license to regret that, Mother Earth? You need
Virginia is turning purple. Just a matter of time. She said she would ban any gun which could be used to hunt an individual. Putting aside the mass... https://www.nraila.org/articles/20190927/virginia-police-chief-advocates-ban-on-all-guns-at-us-house-assault-weapons-hearing …
I’m officially a Bodega Boy now. Cut the check!!!
Oh FFS FYI EU migrants pay something like £7-9 billion into HMRC each year. Bear in mind also that they haven't cost a penny from the day they were born to the day they set foot in the UK.
Oh wow Kevin, a majority of people are selfish and embrace sinful actions. Who ever would have expected something like that! Yes. the people who murder their babies because they are inconvenient are normal... You're a clown, and an evil one at that. Bye
“I have Information which will lead to the arrest of Hillary Clinton”
I can think of Gold Star Parents of 24 slain soldiers who would not be thrilled that you are willfully siding with Donald Trump, who has no respect for them, as opposed to the Rule of Law. https://www.votevets.org/press/gold-star-letter …
The die hard eminem fans , when u peep them crazy too. They just harder to come by.
Alguien me dio unfollow en IG después de que puse un story de que estaba viendo The Nightmare Before Christmas y la verdad es que que dicha porque no necesito ese tipo de negatividad en mi vida
Watching it now, the lack of racial diversity and the heteronormativity of that ad is really, uh, striking.
Early timeout Frontier. Red Hawks trail 2-1 after losing a ball in the roof and letting it drop
The play was to make it and put errbody on but damn, y'all crossed me damn.
I haven’t been pissed in a long fucking time ... I hate the feeling
This 'climate emergency' is not to be underestimated. For residents in Murrurundi, NSW, there is no water left. Every day, the town's supply is carted in via a convoy of water trucks from Scone, a town battling with the drought itself. See more: https://buff.ly/2o2ejts
So, after a wide range bar, the trade entry is at half of the previous bar and stop below the low, right?
Direct all ire at the British slave trade. Ignore that every civilisation in history has practiced the evil that is slavery, ignore also that Britain did more than any other civilisation in human history to stamp it out globally.
It's very clear now that the corrupt media is absolutely terrified of what has already been uncovered by the multiple investigations into the spying on the Trump campaign in 2016. Come on and leak what you know already, tell us all what was uncovered that has you so afraid.
 I look forward to Shields and Brooks each Friday on PBS. I was around for the Watergate hearings as a young lawyer. I disagree with your assessment. The impeachment is necessary. Trump’s actions cannot be ignored without gutting the Constitution.
God, yes. The angst and torment. The anger at themselves. The fear that they’ll hurt her because their feelings are so big. Gimme!
Strive for progress, not perfection. S/O to freshman student meadow_calleja Working with 's and using the andisclippers #suprazr Next class starts 8/22/19 #onedayordayone Apply today! 6k in scholarship Link…
I hope my oomfs will tell me if they think I’m in the wrong
Niggas gone be stuck in the field wit ah broke sexy ass bitch and they both struggling
That’s the point. Stand your ground laws solve a problem that doesn’t exist.
"Montana under a 'winter storm emergency' after record snowstorm blankets the state"
as the autumn winds gust and a chill settles in the air, cracked dry skin will make knuckles bloody; winter is coming
So basically, the very fact that your party doesn’t control the House is legal grounds for you to ignore the law? HIGHLY doubtful that’s gonna fly, Rudy. C’mon now. You prosecuted PLENTY POC as prosecutor. You prejudged ALL those cases, but they still had to appear, right?
If you think Zane, Todd, Jason, David, and basically almost all of the vlog squad doesn't do coke and molly then you are extremely naive and sheltered.
And this is only nine of the lies that he has told. But if you can look at this list and not see that he hasn’t accomplished anything on there, and still refuse to admit that......you have SERIOUS...
The fridge joke has nothing to do with the guy’s weight? It’s about his lack of knowledge regarding former Clemson players that went pro...but maybe this insider isn’t familiar with William Perry.
You haven’t a clue on right and wrong! You have become wealthy scamming the system!!
The History of Enslaved: Odyssey to the West -GVMERS https://ift.tt/2o4uBSB #gaming #gamingnews
 We are starting to get sick of seeing the same faces every day on TV, they jump from your show, to masterchef, to bake off, to strictly, to ... Put ordinary people on  We never know who they are anyway until you introduce them. Celebrity culture is dying.
This video talks about using Mandarin present tense. More videos also available on the channel talking about past and future tenses: https://youtu.be/-jd5lWT3yNI
Correct. To have the Director General over-rule the impartial complaints body is a very disturbing development. Populism grant thee power.
In other countries the government tries to prevent riots but in England, Government ministers are prompting and couraging them people to riot, so they can enact emergency legislation a devious dishonest policy which could end in tears.
Well, at least we know who the whore of Babylon is in this scenario...
With all the oxygen sucked out of the room, what happens to...say...funding for women’s soccer?
'Cause for a moment a band of thieves in ripped up jeans got to rule the world
2day near Rochester Public Market The Great Blaze fought sum belligerent senior citizens . The fight was destructive & sum janitors r cleaning up
I’ve been sucked in a couple times. I wasn’t really participating in the conversation though, so I just muted it.
Consistent with the West Coast oil tanker ban, we should ban oil tankers on the East Coast and in the St Lawrence. Cruise ships (Quebec City, Victoria) should also be banned.   would have to support. Only essential marine shipping allowed. #cdnpoli
Not sure how I feel about this. The topic has been on the front burner since my youth. College sports is a huge business. But I am sure California has more pressing issues to deal with. I’ll keep fermenting...
GIUHSDI NOTHINGG BUT SAME OMG, AUTO CORRECT FUCKS ME UP IN THE WORST WAY
I believe I caught the mailman stealing my anxiety meds from the mailbox by two of my surveillance cameras.
That's only because I didn't include the amazing stat about the size of his balls.
I run a small music school and have accidentally enraged one of the teachers. https://fanningplumbers.wordpress.com/2019/09/30/i-run-a-small-music-school-and-have-accidentally-enraged-one-of-the-teachers/ …
Who sticks up for the human rights of Americans? Since these rouge elected officials are basically keeping Americans from calling enforcement. What part of free speech doesn't allow Americans and levels of law enforcement from working together on crime? https://www.washingtonexaminer.com/washington-secrets/illegal-immigrants-cited-in-theft-of-39-million-social-security-numbers …
ever seen a doctor checking the heart at the right side of the body. well shit. LT
And you have no questions about the timing of the change and this attempt to explain that a form would contradict a process? It’s not as if it’s an omission that was an oversight. It’s a direct change in a significant part of the requirements.
Pres. Trump's "Civil War" tweet is actually grounds for impeachment says Harvard Law professor John Coates. Amazing how the left twists this President's words. Pres. Trump is not calling for a civil war but simple stating that "it would cause a civil war like fracture" in America
Richmond have got there act together like we did in the late 00's. They have cashed their dominance whilst we meddled and fucked ours up. It annoys me
-- Flowing again. The smile dropped. "I did stupid stupid things, I cut myself, I-I- I hurt everyone by just... being a coward and leaving without a word...!! I'm just- A stupid mess and I can't do anything rigHT EXCEPT TALK TO ANIMALS AND I HATE IT! Why can't I b-be smart--"
Says the guy who impeached a President over lying about a BJ! I’m gonna go out on a limb here and say that that was one sided!!!! Oh didn’t u have to resign cause u lied about an affair???????
I’m so sad, I just finished the first season of Demon Slayer and now I have to wait til April for the next season :(
Wanna know how I know I'm sick in the head? I'm still waiting for Drake to drop the final verse on "Think good thoughts" from the Comeback season tape.
Not sure where these figures come from, but the candidates haven't reported the quarter that ends TODAY yet, and Pete, Joe AND Warren cleaned Bern's clock last quarter. Pretend much?
Someone said that they have to make a movie or they lose rights but what are the re releases then?
Is this actually part of the curriculum? The url of the doc says socialstudies/... Math SDS ES FRAMEWORK. I can’t find the link from the school website but might be looking in the wrong place
 is getting support from all political party members who are tired of the nonsense. That includes lib/cons NDP green & typical non voters. Don’t be fooled, this is bigger than you can imagine which is why the media isn’t covering it #PPC2019 #StrongerTogether
Yep Artoria is the 1st but once Nero came in she had a tough opponent in being Queen Baber
Lmao don’t do it! The phase and little devil in your head shall pass
Lady Devils win the 2nd set 25-10 over Sullivan East. Score 2-0 Lady Devils.
IF YOU KNEW THE BITCH WAS LAME WHY YOU FUCKING WITH HER?!
I don’t understand ppl who drink milk or juice right out of the jug. Too lazy to get a glass ? I don’t want or like backwash! Blah!
Talked politics with family at dinner they’re so wrapped up in the Trump cult they can’t see how fucked up he is.
ooc //so i download the app and wtf is this just because  doesn’t deliver to my city yet I can’t even see what restaurant choices there are on the app and look at their menus which was literally the purpose of this whole thing smfh
niggas say they love you hard, but be the one to hurt u first
Hahahahaha Idiots The suspects of the crime UNANIMOUSLY concluded?? Clowns
Decency is hard to come by among the affluent these days with a few exceptions
Killers Of The Kids Should Be Hanged https://uniquestep.wordpress.com/2019/09/30/killers-of-the-kids-should-be-hanged/ …
They have no idea how it is in the real world. These things kill me. Smh
Like he hasn't seen the Democrats waste 3 years doing absolutely nothing....
Man I’d gladly keep him in office for the rest f this term if it means that he will for sure be indicted! He deserves to be charged and convicted, branded a felon. No way, he can resign his was outta this!
that’s so fucked. they don’t care about the issue they just want their moral high ground points. i’m sorry :( i haven’t spoken much on the issue aside from feeling a little uncomfy bc it’s really not my place to be saying what is/isn’t ca when it’s such a grey area this time
Lowkey the Hate be written on they face Fuck em boss up
As usual you jump on the bandwagon b4 waiting for the dust to settle, & again are wearing egg on ur face. How much longer do you bigots plan to push ur anti-white agenda? Face facts, white is no worse than any other color, there are bigots on both sides. U just proved it.
The argument is kind of silly since Brady would slide ...
Idk when u lose like 9 in a row, I think u gotta blame the manager at some point
fucking forgot how the secondary rider of ghost was called
...I’d go into the Dirty Adult Section of the porn shop & linger looking for it, even
We don't need your well wishes and your Uncle Toms don't represent the 99.9% of Jews who will never cosign your antisemism or anybody else's. Byeee
 telling off other people for being "establishment" is like me telling going around accusing other people of having a receding hairline. And stop trying to co-opt the language that arose in response to Johnson's attempted seizure of power (coup) during prorogation!
After the FISA report is released there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth.
This is very worrying. We had fantastic surgeons and specialists does this mean we will no longer have the cream of the crop.
These trackers, hotlines, and surveys make me nervous. Makes me wonder what they're doing with the information #humancasestudies
Andrew: This book is, sadly enough, right on target. The system is no longer concerned about kids anymore. Public school are no longer legitimate. I’m so glad I spent the time and money to send the to private schools.
It’s #carolinareaper time ya’ll! Got a whole mess of these bad boys ready! Who’s goin’ in with me on the taste test???
ABSOLUTE SHOCKER!!!!!! She "Smolletted" the whole ordeal. Wow, imagine if a white kid pulled this. Hopefully she gets the attention she so desperately craved. Where's the outrage libs? Stupid shit like this is going to get people killed. Wise up dumbasses!!!!
it sucks wanting to find old used books in fields where the audience probably comprises people who would try to keep hold of that content
They are as incompetent as the rest of the MSM. I am very disappointed in  they lack real ground hitting investigative journalism like all the rest. I miss  on Fox.
Wouldn't it be great if all of them adhered to the clean air standards that were in place before you gutted them. #TrumpCrimeSyndicate #ImpeachmentIsComing
So what do we have here.  knew about details before the transcript was released. She had the WB in hand before the DNI. The WB was doctored in August.  sent a staffer to Ukraine to meet with the previous president in August. Conspiracy or treason???
Stressful night of puppy parenting! Our little girl has kept us up being sick and now is running around with the used paper towel roll as we’re trying to clean up
And before someone come talking bout “the syllabus is there for a reason”. Yes, it was on the syllabus but it only says “PAPER 1” not a prompt not a SHIT.
It’s painful to relive the past You gotta relive the past in order to heal from it
It seems there is a lagged correlation between the two curves.
This then causes the running game to be stifled because Cook has no running room. The other main difference is Rodgers also was able to get the ball out quick as well as protect it which Kirk is no where near the same level as Rodgers at.
also shocking that shawn layden didn't even get to launch the PS5 before his departure
Just slapped a lad on the arm on holiday more aggressively than I thought, and his response was “it’s a good job I’ve got travel insurance” fuck me
Yeah that’s the last time I fuck my girlfriends mom
Actually it was Trump who declared civil war with his tweet. Nobody wants a civil war or to kill fellow Americans except traitors to the country and its citizens. Are you one those? Are you willing to kill Americans in Trumps name and on his behalf?
I can’t tolerate the smell when you cook crab legs, so I never ate them lol
Colluding, AGAIN, for the Dimms, their history of continual collusion is one day going to bit them collectively in the ass! Deservingly!
Lincoln NEVER called the war the Civil War. And he was President during the CIVIL WAR!!! Trump is a sniveling, cowardly, PUNK! #RICOtheTrumpGang
You are sooner than later going to have to Marshall Your Voters, or instruct the military to remove this "clear and present danger " these left-wing luciferians will stop at nothing to keep their pedophilea and human trafficking from being exposed.
 Shame on you! You say you don't know about Antifa, but you know the Oath Keepers? They are NOT the ones pushing civil war, your party is! Keep up the disinformation and Patriots will stand up.
Would anyone hold it against me if I ripped the throat out of a bastard that sexually harassed and stalked me and several of my friends in school for like, 2 deadass months? Bitch was gone for 4 FUCKING DAYS He was supposed to rot in jail, not just- BITCH
By overpaying a Texan company to take their money to Texas and actually build pipelines. Alberta is soooo spoiled. Highest unemployment for men, suicides way up, the rest of the country revelling in our pain, billions removed from Canadian economy.
anyway scully and mulder are bisexual. the guy who can make fire in season 1 and the guy who had his age reversed in season 1 are both incredibly hot. aging guy has. very hot voice.
when was the last time u read the quran? i know this sounds pious but sampai bila tak pegang im losing my verbality to read them :(
My daughter almost stopped talking to me over the 2016 election, she sent me this Sat., & said she wasn't running, it was quite clear she didn't want her to, Hillary has no real support,she only got fraud votes from Democrat corrupt cities,no one likes her https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2019/09/oh-no-is-she-running-again-hillary-clinton-has-a-full-slate-of-media-appearances-next-week/ …
These bastards are taking down our country. How can our president have a chance w/the cheating Dems, lying MSM & half of the GOP sitting on their asses? It's up to US to spread the truth. Keep the faith & hope & pray that there are some decent people still in govt. WWG1WGA #Coup
I not sure why wealthy capitalist corporatists aren’t more concerned about this. With the majority near zero purchasing power, how will they continue extracting wealth? I’d love to see a report on what our collective poverty means for the greediest corporations.
SHOTS FIRED Falcon St & Meridian Street #EastBoston Caller reporting 6-7+ shots fired in the area #BPD responding at 19:45 hours #Boston #Live #Now #Shooting cc:
What do you think? How The NSA And U.S. Cyber Command Hacked ISIS's Media Operation : NPR http://ow.ly/uEyE30pDMXA
Are you a Liberal supporter? Are you disgusted by the Liberal government the last 4 years? #walkaway
Thank you for speaking the truth. Some dumb people would still come here to exhibit their stupidity.
At least even if we cant play a 10, why can we play Willock who arrives late to the box? He could be like a Georgino Wil- (not spelling that) from Liverpool. Wasting Torriera as an CAM isnt it at all
Remember, the VERMIN are counting on both ignorance and apathy at the grass roots! Let us prove this FOLLY.
Ain't got the sense God gave an ass. from my southern grandma
To be the douche you gotta beat the douche... woooooo
Diddy be talking to the niggas on this podcast b... having to check in all the damn time to someone is definitely something that scares people away from relationships. Sometimes you just don’t want to talk to ANYONE
I got to hang out with the Grodis family and Leda's husband last night. They are sure hard to keep still for a picture at times haha. And here is Reichard in Kung Fu mode. What a time!… https://www.instagram.com/p/B3DeniinMDwQ5jUPzI7Y0uv-N68OtpmMhR3xy40/?igshid=vfqehtdvkxbn …
Not a fan. More LED is not the answer for everything. After the classic sets of the past it's extremely lazy.
#Hongkong that you wont see in the Mainstream ! Do you think these things are happening in just France, No they’re happening all over the Earth here is HongKong ! The so called Elites dont like this kind of trouble against the plan !!!!
That story has been debunked. Andrew Scheer was accredited under the Canadian Association of Insurance Brokers (CAIB) program. Never stated he had a 'degree' in insurance. These are just more Liberal lies to detract from their own scandals.
Yes Sir, pain for the deep state at home & abroad! #JoeBidenCrimeFamily #TheGreatAwakening #HereComesThePain #EnjoyTheShow #PanicInDC #Dark2Light #WWG1WGA
Fox News outs two Fox analysts as working 'off the books' with Trump, Giuliani to find Biden dirt https://www.dailykos.com/story/2019/9/30/1888835/-Fox-News-outs-two-Fox-analysts-as-working-off-the-books-with-Trump-Giuliani-to-find-Biden-dirt …
All Of The Scary Movies Referenced In American Horror Story: 1984 https://www.refinery29.com/en-us/2019/09/8447390/american-horror-story-1984-scary-80s-movie-easter-eggs?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=twitter_share … via
What I don't understand, is that Holland had Cap Management issues in Detroit too. Why would they not have someone to walk him through the cap, or bounce questions off etc. Role would pay for itself with the reduction in wasted $
 face the whole time got me I know he misses Deshaun.
The Republican Party now embraces bigotry, fear, hate, intolerance and racism. The Republican Party has become the " Party of Trump " - a radical political cult.
this is it. I've broken. If you don't wanna see all my kinks laid bare and the weird stuff I like might as well unfollow now because my weakness has come and now I must retweet
low points of the video are dancing on hilda's cleavage and the crit pic edit
SHRM Chief HR Officer on the signs of an unhealthy workplace culture and how to fix it https://www.theladders.com/career-advice/shrm-chief-hr-officer-on-unhealthy-workplace-culture … via  #Productivity #Employee
He broke the law. What part of that don’t you get? And then his handlers covered it up.
Oh yes, I see the “you’re racist, ableist, and privileged” tweets multiple times a day. It’s never ending.
How Freud’s &#8220;The Uncanny&#8221; Explained My Childhood Fears- https://bookriot.com/2019/09/20/freuds-the-uncanny/ …
I feel like if I got in a car accident in tewksbury and needed severe help people would just take pictures and put them on the tewksbury residents page instead of just calling 911
bc we don’t wanna die when we’re already sleep deprived and are on the verge of losing a quarter of our brain cells, soph
At the beginning I was kinda confused with the steps but after mr.hill explained the steps and with examples, I began to understand more. #marketingwithhill
Oh dear poor, poor, Joe! You have to be the biggest liar, along with the station you work for! Joe, you used to have “common sense”. What happened? I know lying and making up things, or taking things out of context is easy, but GEEZ!
And the wall street banks were even behind the fall of the Czar! They funded the Bolsheviks. Oh, did that sound like a conspiracy theory? Whoops.
It is possible to work in an insurance agency without being licensed, but it is illegal under the Saskatchewan Insurance Act for anyone without a licence to act as or “hold himself out” to be a broker. Mr Scheer generally referred to himself as a broker, not just a “worker”.
Of course the polar opposite of this is watching Steven universe and coming to the conclusion that the showrunner is a nazi sympathiser Don't do that either, it's even worse
Sea world etc are worse imagine living in a tiny box your whole life that's the life of whales.. Sad
Can't read the second word Do you have a clue Lost your tweet while trying to decipher the second word
you got to be an idiot if you do not understand those twins can be enemies too. same for the brothers - almost every set of siblings have differences. don't give me this "supposed to..." BS
You're horrible at this. You didn't answer the question. That's fine. You don't seem like the kind of guy who knows much about hockey other than "fandom" , so I don't blame you on this one. Follow the game for a few years. You'll learn something.
I can't believe people these days is nothing like it used to be don't walk up in somebody's yard and take their BMX bike when I find out who did it I'm sending the police to your house you ought to be ashamed of yourself for taking a child's bike!!!
skinny with big tits, or be skinny with small ones. Sluts can be perky, prepy or posh, with their brains and their clothes all shrunk from the wash. Excuse me. But other sluts are pretty and funny and smart. These sluts can lift all your thoughts from your dick to your heart.
Well dotard is draining the swamp, all his people are going to prison!!
Americans didn’t vote for trump because he was good, they voted trump because the left Ian so bad #Facts
my mum made friends with another patient in the hospital and she was comforting her and telling her it won’t hurt wtf my heart is shattered
He asked “I” need a favor, not “America” needs a favor. It’s obvious you’re in the cult. Cults end badly. Will you drink the Kool Aid when trump asks you to? He will ask you to. He is already hinting you should go to war against your fellow Americans-assuming you’re American.
its a missing u kind of night. i fooled myself in thinking u were online. how sad. atlas: two played on the ride home and i got chills. its cool.
good night, i can hear my screaming and crying in the morning
The most electric and deafening game I’ve ever been a part of
"Among countries with available data," because the countries with tyrannical governments and/or armies of child soldiers running around on suicide missions don't typically report child gun deaths...
Trump is a flailing treasonous mess, tweeting threats of arresting Schiff and the country having a Civil War. The real question is when do Republican lawmakers say enough? #ImpeachTrumpPenceBarr
like when i play that prison break roblox game and i escape prison i feel so lonely out in the streets
Hey we can't provide the people of Flint with clean drinking water... But by God we are worried about what you inhale... And those sweet big tobacco dollars. Go to hell Michigan! Your politicians are all crooks!
The thing that gets me is that it was said more than 24 hours after the funeral. https://truepundit.com/watch-john-kasich-says-john-mccain-was-put-to-death-video/ …
I was appalled that they even had the balls to call it that.
This guy in the stall next to mine really answered his phone and said: "Simón espérame estoy haciendo caca"
I agree but there is no excuse on their part for still missing that on replay review... either way, you are right... this team reverted back to its old ways; undisciplined football and lousy coaching on the offensive side
if you have the balls to insult another person for their lifestyle when it's really none of your business.... Meet me outside
I tried a (few) podcasts at work. It doesn't make the best companion for coding. I can't concentrate on anything worth listening to while working on anything worth coding...
That’s a even better description of what’s happening than the article. The Washington Post is beating around the bush and trump is about to be emperor for life.
 oh no! Shannon, you weren't supposed to see the BP meds post!!
But it's ok if the President fucks other women than his wife...
Leave the assorted BBQ sauces. Get rid of the candy and other BS.
#coleg really needs to get their crap together and repeal Columbus Day in CO. This waiting around while states and municipalities show leadership on this issue is really unbecoming of the CO Legislature.
Not this tweet, but collectively this attitude. We saw it when Bernie Bros abandoned the Democrats. If Biden gets nominated, people are going to abandon him. Then Trump wins again and it's much worse than it would have been with Biden.
Pelosi is a liar along with most of the main democrats. They hear rumor and run with it. Just like all the other times they’ve made up false information to slander his name.
The grammar police will tell you “golfing” is okay so don’t worry about it!
Wrong. Again. Austrialian ambassador has thrown this ´story’ down the shitter.
You want me to embarrass you and drop the receipts?
. Another dumb cum-bucket struck from my nut sucking, suck it slut, slut fucking, bucket list. [applause] Yes, you hear the influences: Chaucer, Keats. Um… The pages are blank, I know it. Why am I lying to you? Sluts can be white, black, brown, pink, or almond. They can be
Saw  outside of my gym today and it fired me up to coach the hell out of my last class of the day after being awake for 14 hours. Keep being great, Bluuuuuuuuuue!
⠀ ⠀ came to a halt as her body sank deeper & deeper, mouth hung agape. Though the extent to her misfortune hardly stopped there. Awaiting for its next meal, which had conveniently come floating ever closer, was the female who had already lost consciousness. As the + ⠀ ⠀
Probably have to get NFL Mobile if you don’t live in the area. It has the radio broadcasts for all 32 teams. Not free though.
As well as the kidnapping &. torture of  I would think they may see u in a dimmer light. Shame & woe to you, Rod. Satan won't protect you. Neither will those u have threatened & hurt. Your day is coming. https://youtu.be/v5mubL2nOjQ
There are 14 dead Russians including the UN ambassador trmp put a gag order on the cause of death. This happened right after trump 'won'. Clinton Watts said to follow those bodies which will lead to the money.
#Repost greenapplemarketing (get_repost) ・・・ If you think by shouting, screaming & kicking you can push your products and services to your target market, then I’m afraid you may be on the wrong path. There is too…
EVERYONE FOR VOTE FOR  FOR PRIME TIME PERFORMER OF THE WEEK. HE DESERVES IT. IF YOU DONR VOTE FOE HIM YOU AREN’T A REAL RAILER FAN!
This asshole  started out with $400 million in the bank and filed bankruptcy six times and is whining about not being treated fairly as they impeach his ass! You piece of garbage why did it take so long.
I don’t believe that for a second just look at who they follow - some of the leading Ghani sycophants and chalawonkis around. Ghani purposefully used trolls to attack people that didn’t support him.
Hey, why don't you explain to everyone here how the crack head, troubled son of Joe Biden got a job in an industry he doesn't have experience in, in a foreign country (Ukraine), making $50K / Month.... Just take a shot, explain to all of us how that happened.
It's officially fall and time for spooky school! 's characters are a visual representation of why the Horror and Ghost Stories BISAC codes were split into two! Ghosts aren't always horrific. I'll get off of my extreme publishing nerd soapbox now...
I think the Steelers are bad so I am betting on the Bengals.
I don’t mind him giving the ball away... I think the midfield player who gives the Ball away is KDB, but he plays the ball or tries to forward... no bad thing, it’s when midfielders give the ball away passing it sidewards or backwards that worries me
this will be a sneaking mission. you must not be detected by the enemy. your mission is to infiltrate shadow mo- wait, sorry, the pub?
That’s a big fat no. You’re out and out lying. Period. Journalism in the country is dead because of bought & paid for people like you
What personal gain? What abuse? You're a disgrace Nancy. The fact you are pursuing this is an effort to elevate your power and control. Is that not personal gain by the same standard?
Trump whistleblower admits most of complaint is hearsay The whistleblower complaint at the center of the recently announced impeachment inquiry into President Donald Trump is based on mostly second-hand accounts, Read more here: https://www.conservativeinstitute.org/conservative-news/trump-whistleblower-admits-hearsay.htm?utm_source=dc3&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=dc3-1 …
Maybe not technically a romcom but The Fault in Our Stars is guaranteed full on ugly cry
Jesus what floor are you on, bet that's a right pain in the arse to get to after a night out
The Credit Suisse spy tale has a new, dark revelation. An unidentified consultant who had connected the bank with private investigators is reported dead in an apparent suicide. w/ ⁦ ⁩https://www.wsj.com/articles/consultant-linked-to-surveillance-of-former-credit-suisse-executive-reported-dead-11569885373 …
sleazy old slut fucking. Boo to the nice girls, praise be to slut fucking. I have a list. A list? Yes, a list of all the sluts I’ve missed. I’ve never fucked or sucked these sluts. And thus my nuts are fucking pissed. So when I fuck the lucky slut my nut removes her from the list
  Couldn't agree more Charles. There is no depth or substance. How can we allow elected officials to outright lie? We lived our lives and ran our businesses and careers w/ Honesty, Integrity and Creditability.What the hell has happened? Do you have answers?
Krebs Publishes 'Interview With the Guy Who Tried To Frame Me For Heroin Possession' http://bit.ly/2ngfqpp
You're killing the rainforest and the dolphins... and the dolphins that live in the rainforest! ;)
The whole show was a mess , even 60 mins is crap these days
Some of you can’t take what you dish out here, ‘Wizkid dropped a trash/wack song’, would you allow anyone talk about you/your hustle like that? Even that one we were pitying days ago cos people were bad mouthing her sef get mouth. Orisirisi. Did Wizkid send you the link?
  u sorta look liek d one of the swedish guys who citizen arrested brock turner. must b dat germanic dna.
Don't believe that... 2016 press behind Clinton 2000/2004 press against Bush 1980,84, 88 press against the Rep. And Clinton, Obama won against Rino Republicans It's different today..press is openly lying to stop Trump...they r openly on Dems side...republic is in jeopardy!
   YO WTF CANT I LOAD INTO THE OARK WITH MY GUARDS! I DONT WANNA PLAY WITH MY CENTER BRO! WTF!? ON GOD IM DONE WITH 2k period! NOT BUYING NEXT YEAR!
There is NOTHING like sleeping with a Kaiju! We let Momo up on the bed a month or so after she came home and that was it.
What does it say about these "men" if they can not even control their dicks watching a TV program? This is pathetic. The only word for it.
NowPlaying Til the Casket Drop by  - Til the Casket Drop by  Hosted by DJs   #RadioImpact Listen https://bit.ly/2NgSbTu 23:47
This idiot talks about betrayal. This one, of all the subhumans on Earth. This one who spews satanic vomit twice a week at her cult. BENGAHZI! Notice how Bill is hiding. https://youtu.be/571cGU4E5yk
Why I’m just seeing this what niggas doing Saturday I’m off the whole weekend
Dems have orchestrated a war against POTUS and the GOP for years. It's well past the time for the 63 million people to respond with one voice. We will not take it anymore.
Probation Garcia mole face writing the judge on her own behalf forcing me into a program when she had no right You set me up Katie bm name Rosie my mothers name Gilbert target kid walking around Me 21/2 months fml Say mole shit see you tomarrow side busting ass conversation
Oh stop. Nobody has died in Crimea. The only ones killing Ukrainians is Ukrainians.
The WaPo has zero credibility, is all lies every day - the lie when fact checking, they get caught every day
Typical Israeli behavior to appear the most oppressed
People still don’t get it. They’re just as bad as the liberals that are brainwashed.
Barr has to go - this is scary stuff Barr personally asked foreign officials to aid inquiry into CIA, FBI activities in 2016 - The Washington Post https://www.washingtonpost.com/national-security/attorney-general-barr-personally-asked-foreign-officials-to-aid-inquiry-into-cia-fbi-activities-in-2016/2019/09/30/d50cd5c4-e3a5-11e9-b403-f738899982d2_story.html …
MFs gonna be fake skin cat-suited up with their phone strapped to their head in a Samsung gear headset watching Backdoor Sluts XXXVI... Then comes the knock at the door.
I lost a lot of things during that fire. But because I have a lot of friends beside me, there's always a rainbow after the rain. #SUNOGKALANGTAOKAMI #FIGHTING #
 I don’t understand why the Republicans in the House Committee members are not doing anything to support President Trump. They should be doing subpoenas to all these lying Liberals. Why don’t they subpoena Biden & his son? Republicans are sleeping at the wheel!
I'm a Star Wars nerd so I'm gonna say Empire Strikes Back. But it might actually be The Godfather.
Yes, indeed, it is a malicious seditious conspiracy!!! IMO, they not only PLOT because they hate Trump & are sore losers, it's more than that! They have DARK DEEDS TO HIDE!!! And I think they KNOW that President Trump's team has ALL THE GOOD ON THEM!!
have u ever? school edition 1. nop 2. no 3. yes 4. No 5. no.. people who do this are annoying 6. ABSOLUTELY NOT 7. no 8. nope 9. No 10. yes.. 11.ugh ye 12. yes 13. yee 14. No 15. no drop an emoji and i'll send you the questions
F****** hell Trump you’re really getting desperate. Sshhh!! Did you hear that ?? Oh it’s ok, it’s just the footsteps of Impeachment.
October last year was the most hurting, so I'm not that excited for this year. Damn!!
kee must really think somebody really gonna sit on the phone with her and watch her talk to other people .. no ma'am
I saw a post the other day of how governments should fund schools so they can provide this instead of a volunteer group, and it's just. It's so upsetting to think about little kids who don't have food going home and just going hungry
I say let the idiot talk/tweet! He will incriminate himself even more!
The lower the expectations, the lower the disappointment
NHL: How do we make the game more culturally relevant? No one ever:
Can anyone help get $55 to get a 8 year old an eye exam and a pair of glasses. Single mom struggling fighting to get medicaid for the past 4 months. PayPal and cashapp she has both     please retweet
#thestory  &  Why bother reporting on NY Times reports when they are shady & dishonest the majority of time !! This lame story about President pressuring Australia is just one example!
sick of explaining 2 people why kyungsoo is my soulmate its so tiring do NOT ask me why we’re meant for each other bc the list of reasons is exhausting
Dems didn’t “investigate for over a year on the mueller report.” They are now. Trump doesn’t have the stamina to deal with impeachment inquiry investigations. He’s too weak, he’s going to break.
I saw this yesterday and I had the horrible thought what if it is a hoax. Turns out not 24 hours later my horrible thought was confirmed. So sad for all of the kids, family, and school.
Join us in telling the UK: don’t follow Trump’s lead on Venezuela, denounce the deadly sanctions and release Venezuela’s gold! http://act.newmode.social/515333334t
But how do you prang minus the... Oh, it's lost so you have a copy?
You're riding on a flaming dump-shit of corruption and still have the nerve to say the origins of the investigation were questionable?
Bob Seger is a franchise name like the Dread Pirate Roberts As long as there's wind he'll be there against it
"Hurricane Lorenzo Has Broken Records in the Atlantic" by JACEY FORTIN via NYT https://ift.tt/2nVZyso
'Give me your tired, your poor, Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, The wretched refuse of your teeming shore. Send these, the homeless, tempest-tost to me, I lift my lamp beside the golden door!" This is what America is all about.
This is ridiculous. So a few players will get endorsements and others will not. Collegiate athletes receive a scholarship...isn't that enough? I agree on a stipend, but this is not the way. This is the end of #Collegiate sports. .
Man, I volunteered with the local food bank here in my town and I just It's upsetting to think how difficult it is to get kids who might come from less affluent familes 3 healthy meals a day sometimes qmq
back to the money management really isn’t no joke.....
#pixylup I'm a dumbass and thought today was the 1st... and closed those two gos early. Dont hate me. I'm sleep deprived.
I COULDN’T EAT IT ALL AND HID IT ON THE FRIDGE I’M DOOMED.
i hadn't really either & that's the exact problem, it really should be at least as hyped as ladybird imho which is cut of a similar cloth
The sad part is none of it was shocking. Sometimes the larger the platform, the lower the pay.
Oaf Kreepers Gun-toting far-right group says, 'We ARE on the verge of a HOT civil war' after unhinged Trump tweet https://www.dailykos.com/story/2019/9/30/1888954/-Gun-toting-far-right-group-says-We-ARE-on-the-verge-of-a-HOT-civil-war-after-unhinged-Trump-tweet …
Just an update : Our submission for copyright claim is still pending. The mousepads are still up on this fraudulent sellers Amazon shop.
My problem is did that fat-ass in the big-o discuss this kind of crap with  !
Brooke was tired of being out here... for three nights. She didn't mind it. She couldn't feel the cold. She used her own powers to keep her heated. She may have been a little selfish and kept it for herself. Brooke felt bad for her friend, Jayna. She was beyond freezing++
Let's go Ben!!! Time to light the league on fire! I'm thinking 21,8,10
The worst was that guy chuckling that said “I agree with all that!” Ugh,  is awful! #tytlive
But he was happy with the mother. He only wanted her Because his wife died. He is a hopeless romantic
I actually been working for the past two hours and I hate it.
My experience says Aaron Carter should leave the public eye IMMEDIATELY
Pitch an The invaders Remake without the little finger thing and With Real scary Aliens full of VFX ..and it will go Green light
Then why in the world would you be against Trump. That is exactly what he represents. Career politicians hate him because he is coming in to fix all the dirt and lies been fed to us for years from power feigning left. WAKE UP BEFORE ITS TOO LATE
In life, you win some, you lose some. Always. But if you're smart in picking the right battle, you'd know which battle you're willing to lose to win the war.
What! This is ridiculous. She entered his house and shot him. He should be the one protected by this stupid law. I guess it only applies to white people.
Been invited to a birthday thing in the city but I’m like hell uncomfortable in places I don’t know around drunk people and idk what to do
Again, this is all the left has. Instead of arguing their point, liberals try to impugn the other side using ad hominem attacks.....skin color, gender, age, where you live, etc. It is all so tiring and childish.
I’m so excited I can’t wait !! Just saying I will be crying on the 4th !
Might fuck around and playback Neck Deep-In Bloom because the beginning intro beat and outro beat fits my mood heavily. Depression is gonna claim another body and can't be in jail for being a serial killer. My body is acting like I have working out for 12+ hours. Exhaustion met.
I thought it was going to be on both sides - amongst other things, cutting off the north western bit of Eire from the rest.
Did I miss #nationalsonday? Probably shouldn’t give my daughter a shoutout and not my son! Love you Jack! You’re the one member of our family who will always help me convince the others we need to get ice cream.
 it is time to suspend  as it violates all community standards by lying and is trying to incite violence. Times up twitter: do the right thing.
Shot in the back by a COWARD. My prayers to the family.
Dude, the con was fucking empty. His appearance before that was at a mallcon at a failing mall. His appearance before that got cancelled at the last minute by the con runner Ryan Kopf (dudes a sexual predator as well and even he decided he didn't want Vic around).
When you want nothing but the best in life for Tyler Boyd but also dislike the Bengals
Me: fuck off mate Kiddy down the pub: what you gunna do Me :
No I was saying I’m the goat girl ... you that nigga too tho
Also, nobody actually voted *for* the blitz to happen to us as a voluntary act of self harm.
An update on former Terp Justin Jackson who has been virtually MIA since being drafted by the Magic.
And when democrats exhort media networks to not invite someone to their programming, that someone becomes a lonely bugga. But the former Mayor of New York City is not a lonely bugga. Keep talkin’, Rudy G
There is no discrimination! India 20% GCs, ROW 7%, where is the discrimination??? #NoS386
Allergies or the season change, Idk, whatever it is, its throwing haymakers smh
then when they find out the streets ain’t, they mad with the world .. you was warned
Oya Retweet and drop handles make we sharply run the shout-outs nah.
“We’re not even gonna miss Leveon or AB!” “Doodoo Smith Schuester and Lames Conner are the future”
— i finally updated snsjn i’ll do a few more this week to make up for the lack of updates
You guys are the ones who think D&D is a devil worshipper thing aren't you?
 do you feel the walls closing in on you? “Conservative Missouri Newspaper Becomes Second Major Outlet To Call For Ousting Trump: “Time To Dump Him”
Sorry, but you weren’t in your home, You had enough time to, un holster your gun, draw and fire to kill someone, therefore you could see well enough. You had enough time to realize your ass was in the wrong home.
WE All Must Wake Up to the DEstruction of Air Land and Sea By Irresposible People m only bent of Greed and Corruption their love of moent as unhinged the World ! "THERE IS NO PLANET B"
Today I had a lot of things to do, and I spent the day reading fanfic i’m devastated
Buddy ive stolen more gold in the single day I've been here than youll see in your life #DQ11 #PS4share
Alice Cooper September 30, 2016 The Rock Carnival Lakewood NJ Day 1 of 3 day event #alicecooper performs at #rockcarnival in #lakewood #NJ A few videos from that night #nomoremrniceguy #imeighteen #poison Lucky…
As a long time Rami stan I'm glad he's finally getting the recognition he deserves but I've been following this baby long before Bohemian Rhapsody so dont  like you stan harder :(
the m&m really killed off such a powerful brain... we know who are not sapiosexual skjksjdjs
I constantly have to be distracted or all the negativity floods in and gives me the biggest anxiety
I’m know I’m late but wtf  cancelling the OA #theoa do better
is your pet issue ..be it a pipeline or whatever really worth risking an IDU HARPER gov't Is it worth ,so soon, devastating every fellow citizen who was devastated during the CPC decade of darkness We have the power to stop them ,get behind the party w best chance 2 beat CPC..
These clowns are exactly my point. Proven wrong but Kiri here proves he has nothing but an agenda against the player. Either fix up or ship out is what I say.
I didnt say VGK making the playoffs was a choke. Losing in the finals 4-1 is choking. Also, Sharks didnt choke against St. Louis, go back & rewatch that series. Blues delt too many uncalled head shots. We lost 4-2, how is losing in Game 6 of the Western Conference Finals choking?
No. Law and Order, no one is above the law. If we don't, it's tacitly approval and let's others think they can do this and get away with it, as long as they think they can do it better.
The cops won’t do it. They stand down every time. It is sad. I have always had the upmost respect for the police. But they allowed a little old lady to be threatened like this....shameful
That sucks. I have dialed into places where I am the youngest at 53 and it makes all the difference. Recently I went to an event that celebrated a Rock station that finally died and was one of the youngest!
Funny thing how the media calls the Biden Ukraine story a conspiracy theory. But Trump Russian collusion was documented real hard news
I always got headache when I spend the entire day being focused on books, today i felt so bad I was going to throw up.
I went to the gym this morning and I’m back at it again tonight...I also took the weights out my jump rope bc that shit is hard.
That's what I was asking! What about all the "poor" and "less fortunate" people that the "Foundation" was supposedly "helping?" What happened to all the support to THEM? Just leave them to DIE now? If she didn't care about Benghazi, what more faceless, nameless sub-humans?
people still don’t know the difference between gender expression and gender identity and it’s rly annoying.
: He bit down harder, threatening to tear his ear off. He was unhappy with the Luxio.
literally injuring yourself and worrying people if you’re going to be alive tomorrow is a bit harder to ignore than someone stiring the drama pot.
Time to Set the Record Straight on Slavery https://www.americanthinker.com/articles/2019/09/time_to_set_the_record_straight_on_slavery.html#.XZKUNX-eZ9E.twitter …
They got big but died but they were hot around 2006 till 2010
A cheater standing up for another cheater. (Not shocking) Interesting is; Newts wife is Callista Gingrich, who is ambassador to The Holy See. Um, Where did Barr and Pompeo just go? Yes, the Holy See!
While collectively our Defense punched higher last year, we still lack a player in defense who is total shut down . Who can scare the hell out of opposing QB. We need Quenton version in Defense.
I just seen a mf leave a stall, look dead at the sink, sneeze into they hands, and walk out
And #moscowmitch is eyeballin’ some life rafts: "I have no idea what precipitated the delay, but I was among those advocating that we needed to stick with our Ukrainian friends," McConnell, a Republican from Kentucky, said about the delay in fevers of aid.
As a foster and adoptive mother, learning to say no has been the hardest lesson to learn. How much of a difference could I make if I take on more than I can handle? #thisisfostercare #fosterparenting #fostertoadopthttp://www.fosterthechaos.com/2019/01/its-okay-to-say-no-lessons-im-still.html …
As a pro you kinda have to spend some k to be competitive which is a shame tbh. Don´t have to spend my own money though, got a budget for that by the club. Would never spend my own money on that stuff.
Love Brooke’s point. Portugal the long re-initiator of slavery, and of black slavery to be specific has tried several redeeming approaches to the post colonialism and immigration bias.However, #whitesupremacy is no illusion anywhere as is easily observable in lack of (1/2)
No way are they getting anywhere near the Europa League this season!
haha you tryna say that im ugly? Whos the one that came sliding into my dms
The ones who prefer the worldly life over the Hereafter and avert [people] from the way of Allah, seeking to make it (seem) deviant. Those are in extreme error.”
I feel like Super M has to be geared towards the pre-existing kpop fanbases in the US. No way in hell was that song meant for the gp, if it was then... Damn. They got it all wrong.
fuck this is this kinda what periods are like for girl?? the cramps this shit is next level wow
Auburn takes the middle game, beating Conestoga in 2 sets. The #freemanfalcons will play Auburn coming up next!
 me sidestepping all of my Vikings hate takes after they beat the Giants
Inggit? NO. People are infuriated by the fact that their taxes has to pay this type of sh*t who, in my opinion, doesn't deserve a janitorial position in any government office.
"This subpoena is illegitimate because its signers chose to believe there is evidence of a crime based on nothing other than objective reality. The only prejudgment that is legitimate is that which regards my client as innocent by reason of owning the libs."
Rap Battles should be a part of the political process. Debates have become so sensationalized; let's keep the debates but make the rules stricter to deter pettiness, but also air a televised follow up rap battle where the debaters can take shots at one another.
Necromancer with Absinthe, Lillet Blanc, St Germain and a dash of Gin is a magical riff on the even more classic Corpse Reviver.
He'll do what his lord, master and idol wants him to do. If the mob boss president doesn't want him to testify, he won't. Then I hope the House initiates the inherent contempt doctrine, fining and jailing him for every day he refuses to testify. We'll see...
He had to rush to the bathroom as he’s been shitting himself the last few days and it’s only to get worse. Expect more sudden exits from the Oval Office.....
He had so many run-ins with the law with police often turning up at his house that people thought his house was a police stationOne day, his pet rat bit him so he boiled water, dropped it in alive and ate it for revenge. #BornEvil #EvilLivesHere #IDAddicts
apparently the college chicks are cause that was uncalled for .. extensions everywhere .. loose tissue .. tub never looked like it got itself a bath (tragic)
ICYMI  piece on The Dead, well worth the read https://ordinary-times.com/2019/07/01/looks-like-rain-cloudbursts-pittsburgh-and-the-grateful-dead/ …
Okay sis, this is now quote #2 of the day where you’re saying the wrong thing lmaoooo girl you are the queen of marketing for a hit release week are you kidding me?!?! 4 versions of the album, merch bundles, Spotify exclusives to enhance streaming, interviews...come ON
bs....this man and the other traitors on fox should be fired! #Trump2020Landslide
Now hold this “L” and hopefully they pull the plug on you. I am not a fan of trifling #metoo #timesup people in general and I loathe and despise several because they keep gettn a pass for being a likeable POS
Trump never said that. He said he wanted Europe to start contributing too. This is not first time he has asked Europe to belly up and pay up. And how can this be Quid Pro Quo? Did Ukraine start any investigation he asked? Of course not. Then why did he release the funds?
Yup! If you have Rock Band 3 (Not the Mad Catz version) you can download songs and load em onto a USB drive and port them over to your 360. If you have a PS3 it's a lot more complicated but possible.
Science experiment number 1 for the day: If I cry louder and louder, will I get dinner sooner? Must research this more. Beow.
I hear you. It feels more heavy than that to me. BIPOC can never fit into white supremacy. We don’t have co-equal experiences of the consequences of our skin color.
I called my congressman and stupid senator (my good senator is Sherrod brown) and asked them to advice me on how to prepare for the civil war the leader of their party is calling for. Waiting anxiously for their response
I hate being so anxious because I'll just stand there for minutes until people notice me and get out of the way, because GOD FORBID I speak and stumble over my words
I suck at relationships.At times i just want all the attention but other times i just wanna be left tf alone! This is why i’m still single AND why i will STAY single....
When people say, "They should just get over it and move on"....These are the names of babies, stolen from their families, their communities, their culture and they died because of it. WE SHOULD NEVER GET OVER THIS! EVER. #OrangeShirtDay2019
sorry it took me 9 hours to text you back i was busy taking pictures of myself crying in the mirror
and not only that, there is a lot of problems with the year numbers. some claim there are approximately 1000 years made up and in reality we are roughly about in year 1019...
this rando in jamestown was talking to a cop about his stolen bike and the cop just told him that if he sees the thief he is allowed to just run up on him...bruh
Sure...............Repugnants. Read the Tweets!! Donnie is fini! He just won't admit it, yet. #TickTockTrump #ImpeachmentIsComing #ImpeachmentHearings
hero. The world isn’t sad, the world is funny. I’m a sociopath! I saw an old man slip and fall. Hey, what a fucking idiot. I saw a woman at her daughters funeral. Ha-ha-ha. Classic comedy. Everything that once was sad is somehow funny now. The holocaust and 9/11, that shit’s
 we all watched yr retirement party w/ yr kids,, all proud. Boy, they aren't going to handle this as well as McStain's daughter has. When they see you are responsible for #SethRich death, the 2 MS 13 morons who fucked stuff up u had to kill. #RodRosensteinBlackHat
What’s up with the bot traffic on these threads? Who’s funding these bots? It looks like someone has the bots on full scale damage control.
if you dont believe in yourself then who the fuck will
Abeg make Una try dy tell  say him don dey deviate from the  standard to low profile star boy..
Norwegian queen.. her son's daughter.. I forget her name.. I'm not really a fan of the monarchy..
what the fuck is going on in here on this day..........
They needa tack on at least 5yrs for The Edgar Bowl Cuts too
meus pais no sábado tirando uma com a minha cara porque eu tirei fora de média na prova de história well look how the tables TURNED
Nah they are def not the same. Ain’t no body got moves like Barry.
It is also highly suspicious that Congress is on the brink of unanimous consent on a bill that will shock our employment-based immigration system in an extreme way. This is not a minor change. It will affect the lives of generations to come around the globe. #S386
Thank goodness the baseball playoffs are starting tomorrow. I don't even have any teams competing, but that will lower the stress involved!
spent a good 2 minutes trying to figure out who the hell mama joe was
 espero que haga algo al respecto de esto ya que ud. no se dió cuenta del golpe de estado brasilero (reconocido por Temer) aver si esta la ve.
I have a ton of ideas and started to tweet them then realized you may be hiding your name from the hellsite so I deleted it
i hate the fact that i struggle to sleep without native american music playing in the background
The Vikings are fighting! PHS is down 1-0 at the half! Not giving up!!! #BeParkview
How Does the Supply of Homes for Sale Impact Buyer Demand? https://www.simplifyingthemarket.com/en/2019/09/30/how-does-the-supply-of-homes-for-sale-impact-buyer-demand-2/?a=351487-6b7beed2de5c02bacf3816c7a8f0774e …
“Allah, to whom belongs whatever is in the heavens and whatever is on the earth, and woe to the disbelievers from a severe punishment
When he buys you GF cake after pissing you off the other day.. guess he can live another day
So I'm guessing there's a GoFundMe account already setup for the whistleblower, and libs are dumping their lunch money into it as we speak.
The photo with Lolita's arm raised is unfortunate for her.
It’s barely the afternoon here and I’ve already embarrassed myself by trying to make hotel reservations using google translate
Democrats accused Russia of interfering in our election! President Trump wants to investigate Russia interference! Democrats are upset that President Trump wants the truth! Could Crowdstrike be the reason????? Democrats scared????
How many first downs did the Offense have? Defense is going to get fatigued literally living on the field, it happened all season how can you blame Manny??
When the devil can’t get you, he sends your ex I’m weary.
Watermelons used to taste awful. The fruits, which are technically berries, originated in Africa, where they were only harvested for their water content. At that time, they had a nasty, bitter flavor, but centuries of selective breeding made them extra tasty. (Source, So…
You're holding a gun in your avi but 'bad words' are where you draw the line?
Teej was dancin on my digital grave the other week and now look at him, suspended. Ain't God good?
I donated when I could and the money really helped. Unfortunately, at least with Plasma places here, you need a verifiable address. They don't let homeless people donate. Nor if you are living in a boarding house.
why are there no good hair stylists in california? shit let alone the bay area.
Y’all ever have dick so heavy you feel an imprint of it the next day? I never have. Im just curious.
The Dems are too much. They couldn't find enough dead voters to vote in 2016, got embarrassed that they lost to a real estate developer, and have tried to undo the election results ever since. #UkraineHoax
There conceivably are states out there (Florida, for example) where Trump crimes are uncovered in the future. Immunity could be done, but it would be tough. I'm against it.
that somehow negates the others. Side note - Subcontinental Muslims often say things like "There are many Bibles, but one Quran" so when we learn of the qiraat is comes off as problematic. Also, this concept has been recently reintroduced by protestant missionaries to show the
Get on my first ever plane this Wednesday in a trip to Amsterdam im 20% excited and 80% terrified at the idea of being on a plane
Confusing...why is this up to the Kremlin? Weird at best...
all the sadness in the world. I mean not for the people that are actually sad, but for people like us, that gotta fucking deal with them all the time. Being a comedian isn’t being an insensitive prick, capitalizing on the most animalistic impulses of the public. It’s being a
yes this is disappointing. i was getting excited about AAAL based on the social media work, so this is sad to hear.
This is the most ghetto shit i’ve ever seen in my life
finished the dark crystal age of resistance and idk what to do with my life now
That is the nastiest shit I’ve ever seen in my life
At least 83% of my time on Twitter is spent typing tweets and then thinking "No don't post that, this shit goes public" and deleting the whole thing
You're the leader of majority, How do you feel when a mother & her child can lose lives in Likoni coz of lack of rescue team? As if that's not enough, bodies can't be retrieved? Don't we have men &women in uniform who can assist? So shameful
how is it one of us gets sick n the other follows but then when it’s money i’m still in debt
Its obviously because people HATE logic. It shows how we the caregiver sign and also hard to love tf?!
#Turkey military shot down a drone that reportedly violated Turkish airspace 6 times, near #Killis. The plane was shot down by an F-16, the drone was a #Russian made Orlan-10
 You seem to be real scared of Barr investigating you democrats in the Russia hoax. I hope you all fail and get convicted of the crimes you committed
Coward. Impeach him. RT : Trump didn't answer a question about whether it is inevitable he’ll be impeached. He left the Oval. Which is unusual. Usually *we* leave the Oval.
Could they just let up on the criminality a smidge? Maybe for a single day? Pacing is key in these situations. My butler is exhausted!
So the Australian PM just placed a big bomb out of the socialist conspiracy thoeries.the left are idiots.
No cuz the tour officially ends this month.. hahahahaha..
No one believed me when I said pepe would be crap in the prem, still early days but too physical for him atm
get arrested visited him in jail growing up etc etc understand once someone shows you who they really are n you keep them in your life, you're the dumbass he gave me my looks though
When he came thru with that chitlin loaf tho. Also, why the hell do I remember these things? Haven’t seen this episode in at least a decade
Keep rockin’ the boat and don’t worry what ‘they’ say about you.
Are you a republican or an American first? It was disrespectful to kneel during the anthem... the president has committed treason, and obstruction... your move..
Dis nicca Pac said we are a playoff-contending team. I almost broke my phone listening to the lies...
I can barely follow my gps on my phone, how the hell did people actually use paper maps??
Oh yeah, this'll never happen and they know it. Tensions will rise here no matter what and all because of a tory game. Scum.
Still not understanding why Jenna had to die on The Vampire Diaries
This is basically where I left things because I couldn't come up with a unifying theory. My only real thought is that with the short rate locked in, the 10-year dictates the steepness of the curve. Hence, flattening is probably a sign of fear and not great for value.
i told this dude tryna holla at me that he dont know me and i could be the devil. he straight said. “if you the devil, i am willing to sell my soul for that chance”
be warned I’m already gonna be the biggest Epcot forever hater
 you said you’d cut the deficit? What the fuck happened? I know, those “tax cuts” that only benefited the RICH! Resign! #DerangedDonniehttps://www.axios.com/federal-deficit-77-year-16fd4460-7ac0-4050-a42d-7d2b442533b0.html?utm_source=facebook&utm_medium=fbsocialshare&utm_campaign=organic …
We won't forget.....we won't forget that the state ILLEGALLY got rid of thousand of voters on the voter rolls either. And just because your famous doesn't mean you don't get push back when you make shitty decisions that affect us all....the poor the most.
Alone in The Dark foi inspiração mecânica. Já Sweet Home foi uma criação totalmente japonesa, baseada em uma lenda, e de onde Resident Evil tirou a maior parte da atmosfera que permeia o jogo como base.
THEY CHANGED THE TENSE OF HIS ENTIRE WIKI PAGE DO YALL LIKE SEEING ME CRY
If for some crazy, off the wall way, they succeed, it would absolutely be war! Let me just say this...you surely don’t want war with a buncha republicans “real Americans”. Civil war is not good for a buncha racist Democrats. Look what happened in the last civil war! GYB Tatum!
California Man Charged With Spying for the Chinese Government https://www.thedailybeast.com/edward-peng-charged-with-spying-for-the-chinese-government?source=twitter&via=mobile … via
I hate my instagram explore feed. It’s full of the Kardashian’s
I didn’t think so.. ... we know he can sing it’s not the best tho
Madam oby  is the one declare war on our democracy not  because he wants tople an elected president which you know is treasonable offence.
why has my brain decided to mix set fire to the rain by adele and mario kart music together
Officially not postseason but I get your drift. I was "sick" the morning of that game here in SoCal. No way I was missing THAT game.
#AntifaDomesticTerrorists ATTACK PATRIOT MULTIPLE TIMES AND  ARREST THE ONE PERSON WHO JUMPED IN TO PROTECT HIM! Imagine Defending the Fucking piece of shit Terrorist AND FASCIST #Antifa Scum who have proven time and time again to be Violent pieces of shit!
be sad about it. [to audience] How do you all do it? I’ve been telling you guys terribly sad things this whole song you haven’t been sad at all, you’ve been… You’ve been happy. No… You’ve been laughing. That’s it, laughter. That’s the key to everything. It’s the way to solve
Like a an angry 3yr old who wants more candy he folds his hands and pouts. Anyone remember the movie "failure to launch? This idiot is just now learning he needs to follow the same rules we all do. Yes your shit stinks dumbass.
That, and Auburn being the ONLY team in the SEC to not have a winning record vs Vandy.
But Corgan's got the NWA library in his hands that the WWE would offer any amount of money. Corgan doesn't want to do business with WWE/Impact but wants to lose money. And is he a businessman?
The publications you write or have written for...explains your Liberal bias right out of the gate!
 the swamp rats are squealing and squirming but you should have done more sooner to expose their corruption or you may not have to have went through this garbage.
When Liberals don't like the outcome, they change the rules... voting, elections, Amendments, etc...
Feel bad for the next chick cause I know both of them gonna call me
What I’m getting is there is zero reason for the AG to be “surprised and angry” he would come up on a conversation about using his office to dig up dirt on their political rivals.
None of this matters. The whistle blower said what's going on. The "evidence" is the call and stuff, not the whistle blower. The WB is not the accuser. It could be a prickly pear for all the difference it makes. Trump's just being a vindictive prick.
So what would have happened if Ireland hadn't been made to vote again when they voted against the Lisbon Treaty? Would we all be sitting here talking about British patronising then? Or the French when Sarkozy ignored their referendum result? EU hypocrisy of the highest order
Donald here thinking, what the hell is this guy saying?
This is something not mentioned enough, he has forced the Tories into making lavish spending promises. In an election the “magic money tree” line now falls flat.
Is a funding campaign possible for the EPA workers to be able to continue as I'm assuming they're on unemployment - or can anyone more knowledgeable explore this? I know my naivete shows here.
Chukwuemeka but you see the other 5 Yh too the grave
We spoke to some students close to the scene that overheard the argument. Apparently the ladies were upset that the men were not singing #DixieLandDelightDoneRight and instead were using the bad words.
You’ve got to be pulling my leg. If you’re so concerned about false witness why in the name of the Lord above you overlook Schiff’s blatant misrepresentation of the transcript at the DNI hearing? True Christians know the penalty for hypocrisy.
 I enjoy the five but I will not watch any show when Donna Brazile the left wing lying ***** is on. I have no problem hearing from the left including the clueless Juan Williams. At least he has integrity. Brazile is a lying, dishonest *****. Why did Fox hire her?
I got: You're a "Miss Americana and the Heartbreak Prince" lover https://www.buzzfeed.com/agentsblues/what-type-of-lover-are-you-esby30o79b?utm_source=dynamic&utm_campaign=bfsharetwitter&quiz_result=123191091_2#123191091&rid=2 …
Am I the only one that’s noticed that there has been NO FUCKING WORMS all year? There used to be SO many and now they’re just GONE.
 where this studies fails is the QUALITY of meat in the study. Was it grass-fed, organic meat or that crap that many USA farmers sell: soy & corn-fed meat?
Same problem here bro. Am still scrolling because I want to watch the video.
The unmasked has-been we don't really care about. And yes, The Batchelor...stupid.
shocking and shameful that this is the angle that our 'public broadcaster' chose to pursue on this story, with barely a question to the one donning blackface, who happens to be our prime minister...
The phone at work ain’t stopped ringing yet. Time for my 30 min bathroom break
What the actual FUCK is happening in America. Like is this real???? The whole situation is not looking good at all for Trump and Co.
 I am so sorry. I am so sorry that the #SWAMPGANG is stealing your effectiveness. I can only imagine how this country would have benefited if this mess hadn't happened. #civil #transition No to #election 2016 redo. the #SWAMP is entrenched and know nothing of #freedom
Idk why i don’t write shit down knowing i have the worst memory ever
But the men who are depressed aren't necissarily the ones who create and sustain a society like that (and women can also recreate this narrative). This is probably made by someone who feels misunderstood by many people and you shouldn't dismiss that because of their gender.
I need this! I’m tired of dragging trash cans to the curb every week.
dunno what the fuck hurdo means someone explain NOW
*on the phone* “How’s your day been? ..... You lost your tree frog?? I’m so sorry!”
Reading this story makes me want to root for the Steelers tonight which sounds weird
I always shoot efficient i don't kust throw up shit. If i miss like 4 times in a row i start passing the ball start going to the the mid range or to thr basket
A mistake in the back results in another Vianney goal before half time. 2-0.
Paper cut is the worst thing ever!!!! Two days ago i cut my finger while holding plane tickets, and now after two days it is still hurting like shit and bleeding a little bet !!! How can just paper cut that deep
the worst is when the right fielder gives u advice about your position. like shut the fuck up right field
The saints defensive line and bad play calling by Moore/Garret was the main reason not Dak. You can’t run on first down 70% of the time while the saints are beating you up front. No motion calls or play action. Hats off to the saints defense.
There are 13 exceptions to hearsay that allows admissibility in court. You should know the difference in court and complaints though before you start studying the exceptions. One gets you in court, the other is court. Hrm.
The Dems are shitting themselves. They realized they can't win the next election outright--not with the Socialists they're going to nominate--and that Barr has evidence against them. They're trying to suck the air out of the room. #TheyWontSucceed
This team was not competitive in 2018. If we're talking about 2018, you now have to consider the injuries the Angels were plagued with this season which is also not a result of mismanaging a team.
No wait! This store sells mirrors, see what I did there? LETS ROCK! No. The worlds is so sad bros. Pain. Genocide, war. Sexism, Racism. But I gotta remember there’s good things about it too. Like the fact that none of that is happening to me. Score! Still though it’s hard not to
incredible how straight faced she was. the world is no different than ever before. we just see much more of it now.
try removing the account from the console, doing a hard restart, hold the power button for 10 seconds while the system is on, and then re-adding the account
Here lies Mikey. He isn't dead; he just can't tell the truth in this one particular spot for some reason.
More than half of the replies on here are disgusting People are celebrating the death of someone trying to keep the US safe
The EU have stated that Mays deal is the only deal for the past year. They have sat watching our politicians doing there best to stop brexit. There mistake now is they will run out of time & we leave. Blair will walk away saying sorry I got it wrong. WTO will be a failure to EU27
I bet geese would beat the snot out of social anxiety
Stranger Things 4 is releasing fuck knows when. At least not for another year. But already, Netflix are doing more for its teaser phase at this early stage than they are for shows that ACTUALLY need the promo and are already out or due to come out.
I would say it's because you're a loser, a criminal, and every time you tweet it's something ridiculous and most often a lie. Oh, and let's not forget a cheater too, apples don't fall far from the tree Biff. #ImpeachmentNow #ImpeachTrumpPenceBarr #ImpeachmentParty
100% Politics by #DemocRATS     have been changing the Rules of the #HOUSE to FAST-TRACK impeachment Democrats HAVEN'T VOTED YET They are too SCARED TO GO ON RECORD
20 Facts That Will Simply Devastate Anyone Over the Age of 25 http://twentytwowords.com/facts-that-will-simply-devastate-anyone-over-the-age-of-25/?utm_source=deck&utm_medium=cpc&utm_term=influencer&utm_campaign=dm64 …
i hope all the women that wear glasses had a awful day
I don't know that my hairline could handle that kind of initiative, but point taken, that's one way to work on the problem!
well if you don’t watch the first one you’re gonna have no idea what’s going on in the second....?
Mano, eu também, tem Ghost Recon BreakPoint e CoD em Outubro, Death Strading em novembro, Fevereiro 2020 The Last of Us Part II, Abril 2020 tem CyberPunk 2077...
lmaooo i was stressed out working at the daycare trying to reach them how to cut and paste without messing up the pictures. Let me prepare for my future students now
With all these reports of all these people heading to Europe/Italy, incl Ivanka, Pompeo, Barr, & now Gorka, Giuliani recently, I wonder what   think of this gathering. And why there? Meeting of the Transnational Crime Syndicate delegates??
It turns out my "friends" at the #TrophyRoomSTL - the ones who I know through the Soon-to-be ExHub - don't want me coming there anymore. They feel uncomfortable. I'm stuck here until possibly next spring with no family or friends, except my Mom. No one. I hate my life.
Psh, forget the Biebs wedding. I'm going to the wedding of the year this weekend! #CongratsJoshandMarshall
What the fuck just happened today? Day 984: Fractures. https://whatthefuckjusthappenedtoday.com/2019/09/30/day-984/ … via
The  own AG the man that supervises the FBI is asking a foreign power to investigate the  his own agency. Talk about a piece of shit, there you have one with two legs.Traitors.
Whatever the reason, we can overcome the fear of being seen. https://www.daniellebernock.com/the-need-and-the-fear-of-being-seen/ … via
Hahahaha. Someone accusing another of attacking The Constitution all the while supporting terrorists and The Green New Deal. You're commie is showing.
Greed. There are some very smart, greedy guys who exploit the stupidity of others.
In a really weird place emotionally & mentally today & I can’t quite tell if it’s the excitement, exhaustion, dealing with disappointment, stress, or what that’s going on right now
Kids don’t understand this. She is being used as a puppet in a sick game she shouldn’t be involved in. Please shoe the other foot this.
Boy what a stooge the question was asked did he or was he being pushed or coerced into commenting about Biden’s activities he said no absolutely not. Yes it does if soliciting had occurred that would have would have came out but didn’t. You see you need evidence not innuendoes
#AllThePresidentsMen are corrupt &will be taken down. #BillBarr #Guliani #Pompeo The chips are beginning to fall. Betrayal of trust to a foreign power. Instead of working on our problems they r busy shaking down foreign leaders for info on opponents. Have u no #shame
A whole season can be affected.. You start to believe you can't win against them and the officials. It all contributes to momentum. Your spirit inside is diminished when you can't catch a break and kudos to THIS team for not giving up. #DetroitVsEverybody #OnePride
I have just been informed that my terrible taste isnapparently not limited to girls. What the fuck.
I have no earthly idea what the big deal is if Trump or anyone else wants to dig up any illegal activity on any politician. It sure as hell isn’t like the news media is going to do it! Someone has to do it!!
#Empire is mad o. Lucious will die Andre has to kill this guy sha... aw can you mention his pregnant wife and expect to leave alive. Which kinda tragedy is this... his 2nd pregnant wife complication. I hope the mother n baby both survive that fall It’s hot
For the 20th time CNN writes BS like this. The cry wolf but is over.
How the hell do you not hold senior staff meetings?
Is it bad that I come to work but don’t want to do anything at aaaaall? I’m losing all motivation at this place but GOTTA PAY THE BILLS
Can we remember with all this discussion over the actress’ religion... you are literally taught religion/ hatred/bigotry... but no one grows up being taught to LGBTQ, and this “even sided” narrative is hateful, purposeful, & harmful. It’s gross. Our existence is not a “debate”.
Lebron has done more for the people around than any athlete I’ve witnessed. Salute that man. He changing shit
What a surprise. The media who helped spread Russiagate is now getting scared that the origins of the investigation are being examined.
That's the fucking problem with this shit, everybody wants to point fingers but nobody wants to do their fair share. BULLSHIT.
http://Im.so pissed off about this bullshit IMPEACHMENT and all these bullshit polls I hope all the Trump voters show up next November and put all these stupid ass Democrats out of office RETWEET IF YOU AGREE